Sometimes I get impatient when the first fifteen minutes of anything are slow and not clicking with me.Sometimes I have walked out of a flick that just is not gelling together in my mind.Boy was I glad I waited until sixteen minutes into the movie this time! THE NOTEBOOK was one of those stories so beautifully told and acted that during the closing credits I just sat and sobbed my eyes out!Yes, I did feel at times that the movie was a little predictable and schmaltzy, but who cares! With the ending that so caught me by surprise I was able to overlook any of the film's seeming hoakiness and get totally sucked in by it hook,line and sinker! If you have ever been truly and hopelessly in love with the ideal person, as I most assuredly have these last years, then this is a must see film.You will thank yourself and your lucky stars for the good fortune to have loved truly,deeply and successfully.
Now I'm a sci-fi and action movie guy (my favorite movies are the Alien series) and I'll be honest I went to see this movie with my girlfriend because it was her turn to pick a movie to watch in theater.  I tell you what, I've wept tears at very few movies (like one) but this movie is so touching and life-like that I don't care who you are, you will respect it if not love it.  From young teenagers to college folks to middle-aged people all the way to senior citizens, everybody will find a niche with this movie.  Best love movie of the year is not saying enough, it is quite possibly the best MOVIE of the year period, five stars without a doubt.
This movie is an absolute must see for every die hard romantic!  My beloved husband took me to see this movie to celebrate our 8th wedding anniversary.  To be honest neither of us had even heard of this movie, my husband just liked the synopsis he read.  After the movie we were both so glad that this was the movie he chose.<br /><br />We see this movie through flashbacks between the present and the past as an elderly man reads a story to an elderly woman in a nursing home.  The story is set pre WWII in Seabrook, a small seaside town in the Carolinas where the wealthy Ali and her family are spending the summer.  Ali meets Noah, a small town young man who works at the local lumber mill and they fall in love.  These are people from very different backgrounds with seemingly very different futures.  While Ali is set to attend Sarah Lawrence and enter the upper crust society her family inhabits,  Noah's future is no further than the job at the lumber mill and he is satisfied with that.  At the end of the summer Ali's disapproving parents force her to reluctantly leave Noah and their relationship behind.  Both move on with their lives.  Ali attends college and while volunteering in a hospital meets Lon a handsome soldier from a wealthy family.  Lon seems to be a good compromise for Ali; someone who is nice and fun and also someone her parents approve of.  To Ali's parents delight Lon and Ali are soon engaged.<br /><br />However, fate intervenes when Ali sees a picture of Noah in the newspaper standing next to the plantation home he restored, the very one he dreamed of restoring for the two of them.  Ali decides to go back to Seabrook and confront her feelings.  Once there she sees Noah and after spending two days with him she realizes that she must make the hardest decision of her life.  Should she go back to Lon her parentally approved fiancee or should she stay with Noah her first love and the man she has never stopped loving.<br /><br />The movie comes back to the present where we see Noah still reading to Ali the love story that is their life.  It appears that he reads this to her every day in the hope that the story will cut through the fog of her alzheimers even for a brief period of time.  The story of their love and devotion to each other is at times very funny and sweet and at other times heartbreaking and sad.<br /><br />Some may say this movie is sappy and cliche filled but having seen the same kind of devotion and love in my grandparents 65-year marriage, I think it can serve as an inspiring story to those who may not have the kind of example I had.<br /><br />Bottom line:  Don't miss this movie but grab a box of kleenex on your way to the show!
This movie was just amazing.  Just a wonderful story and just one that was wonderful and sad, and happy.  I can only wish that I would be blessed with a love such as these two characters had.  Why does love this passionate have to only be in the movies? The young Noah is just to wonderful for words.
I went into this movie expecting it to hold my interest, and my boyfriend was prepared to be bored out of his mind. We both LOVED it, and we both cried. I'll be counting the days until this DVD comes out!!
The Notebook was just absolutely BEAUTIFUL!  Stellar performances from Ryan Gosling and Rachel McAdams.  It was so nice to see Ryan playing this romantic lead instead of his more darker characters.  Ryan is definitely a versatile actor.  He's going to be around for a long time.
Make this a 4-star if you take the time to view the extra features on the DVD.<br /><br />The lead actors in this movie - Ryan Gosling, Rachel McAdams, Joan Allen, Gena Rowlands, James  Garner - all come through with flying colors, but somehow I still felt that this movie could have had so much more impact.  There were some beautiful scenes with flying geese, and some very touching moments.  James Garner was, in my opinion, the strongest of the leads in his portrayal of a man losing his wife to dementia.  Gena Rowlands as his wife Allie was excellent as well.<br /><br />Ryan Gosling played Noah naturally and comfortably. I liked the fact that he looked like a regular guy, not just male "eye candy". Still- and this may be a fault of the novel- all I could think is- if this young man likes to read Walt Whitman with his father, why didn't he have aspirations for college?  Sure he was poor, but why couldn't he break free from his smalltown roots?  His goal of restoring the old riverside mansion was indeed commendable, but why did he need to spend years wallowing in self-pity and drunkenness because his first love had not returned to him?<br /><br />Rachel McAdams plays Allie, a lively, fun-loving, high-spirited young women on her way to bigger and brighter things, namely college.  College, in her case, however, seemed to be the way that she (and perhaps other women of her time) prepared for being good wives and mothers.<br /><br />When Ryan goes off to war with his best friend, and loses him to enemy fire, there is no show of emotion.  This is one major downfall of the movie.<br /><br />I guess that you could sum it all up in this manner - some additional editing and some re-thinking of how the characters react to their dilemmas may have made this film more memorable.<br />There is a sense that some character development is sketchy at best.<br /><br />Additional commentary:  Over the course of the week, I had the opportunity to view the movie partially two more times, and I have to say that it grew on me. Rachel McAdams is just so beautiful, sweet, elegant and charming, and the entire movie is really quite good as compared with other romantic movies out there (are there any right now?)  The additional features of the DVD are excellent, and I highly recommend the DVD over the VHS for the extras.  The casting video of Rachel McAdams when she auditioned for the movie is a wonderful addition, as is the story behind the location - South Carolina.  I loved the editor's short films, and it made me anxious to visit the places depicted in the film.  We hope to see some of them in several months when we travel that way.<br /><br />I don't know how to change the stars other than to write a new review, so this will have to do for now. This movie is well worth your time, but take the time to view the extras as well.
My understanding is that this is a story of Nicholas Sparks' wife's grandparents. I read the book when it was first published and saw the movie last night.  I dearly loved both of them.  I don't know who really wrote the book - the grandmother or Nicholas, but no matter - it's beautifully written and we got to enjoy it.  I think the movie was also very beautifully written and the acting by Ryan Gosling and Rachel McAdams was superb!  I usually choose movies based on the actors rather than the story.  I chose to see this movie based on the story, expecting the acting to be lacking (except for James Garner and Sam Shepherd, of course) and had a wondeful surprise!  I don't think it's a "chick flick" but I couldn't talk my husband into seeing it with me.  That's ok - I'll buy it and tie him to the chair in front of the TV while I watch it again and again!
I ordered this movie because the brief synopsis I read made it sound like something my wife would enjoy. When I told her it was coming in she immediately recognized the title which was more than I could say. We watched the movie last night and that was an experience in drama that I'll not soon forget. James Garner's performance as the reader moved him a few notches higher in my opinion of his acting ability.<br /><br />The story involves the telling of a story within the main story and the James Garner character is the one reading the story from a book to an elderly lady in a nursing home. The movie is well crafted and securely held our attention as events unfolded. Since I'm definitely on the older side I was able to identify with the James Garner character and found him to be a sympathetic character indeed.<br /><br />The movie is an effective dramatic telling of lives lived and loves won and lost; it you have lived and loved this movie will have something to say to you. If you have the great good fortune to still be blessed by the presence of the one you love then this movie will shower you with feelings of thanksgiving and gratitude for that blessing.<br /><br />While there was some literary license involved with the ending it all worked together to produce a gratifying emotional experience that left me feeling grateful I had taken the time to watch it. It has a PG13 rating because of some sexuality but that is rather toned down by today's standards.<br /><br />On balance I see it as a celebration of life and love and a movie to be enjoyed by all who have had the privilege of living and loving.
I fully admit it. I'm a 30 something male, and I genuinely enjoy this movie. And don't get me wrong; this isn't my genre at all. I've got a media cabinet full of movies like Gladiator, Star Wars, Braveheart, Resident Evil, every Clint Eastwood western known to man, etc. so I wouldn't say I'm just a fluke or that I'm predisposed to like "chick flicks". A lot of movies of this nature are an insult to the intelligence, sacrificing plot for the sake of obvious (and completely ridiculous) tear jerking moments (that usually inspire me to laugh more than anything).<br /><br />The Notebook, however, is a story anyone of any gender can appreciate. There is something incredibly powerful about two people loving each other for their entire adult lives, and the fortunes that can bring people together when circumstances separate. I don't think there are many that can't relate on some level to the feelings that can persist for that someone incredibly special and a desire for that reunion somewhere in the back of their mind (even if life makes that impossible). The viewer, for about 2 hours, gets to live that out vicariously through watching what becomes of these two individuals, and again, I don't care if you're male or female, something about this movie will resonate with you.<br /><br />I liked it so much, in fact, I even upgraded my DVD copy to the bluray and I revisit this one maybe once or twice a year. The ending was a bit smarmy but other than that, I got no complaints. Great script and wonderful acting; I totally fell in love with Rachel McAdams the first time I watched this. :) For the fellas, this is a movie that's good to have on hand if your movie collection is a bit too testosterone laden for your lady (or ladies) and ladies, this is a movie you'll likely enjoy and your guy (unless he has the emotional depth of a frisbee) won't completely hate watching with you.
I loved this movie because it reminds me so much of my parents' story of true love. Just like in the book, my parents were madly in love and my Mom suffered from Alzheimer's the last years of her life. My parents died one month apart after sixty-seven years of marriage. This book is so realistic in that it shows what power love can have over the long haul and in spite of all obstacles. The husband and wife in this story are so real to me and can help you believe in true love if you are a cynic. I think the type of love this couple has in The Notebook is something we all can strive for. The actors in this do a wonderful job and you definitely feel their feelings right along with them. Power Path to Love
I would not suggest buying this boxed set. I LOVE this film, it's probably my favourite film of all time. However, I purchased it believing there would be more to it than the stickers, stationary, and bookmarks it comes with. Yes, it does have a little collector's book (how nice) BUT I am a fan of the story, so for me, I would have liked to see more DVD extras instead of the paper stuff it came with.<br /><br />Bottom line, if you already own the DVD of this, then you already own this version as well--it's the SAME exact copy as what was released 4 years ago, you just get a pretty box and some paper to write on.......so save your money.
I've heard THE NOTEBOOK called many things - a chick flick, over the top tearjerker etc.  Is this the case?  Not to me.  This film is a love story - a story where the love is believable and tugs at your heart realistically.  The basic plot is formulaic - rich girl falls for boy from the wrong sides of the tracks and of course their relationship can't work.  Beyond that premise nothing is formulaic.  In the world today where there is so much strife, death and trouble it becomes magical to view a rare film such as this where love, which is most important in this world, is the main theme and pulsates with a life of its own.<br /><br />I don't want to give away a lot of the plot but it must be said that the film works to the level it does due to the amazing acting and chemistry between Ryan Gosling/Rachel McAdams and Gena Rowlands/James Garner.  They are all superb and put their heart and soul into their roles making the characters totally real.  I have seen this film five times now and each time it tugs at that special place in my heart.  This last viewing was with this item, the blu ray disc and I continue to be amazed at all that blu ray is caable of.  The 1080p high def picture is crystal clear and all emotions expressed become that much more sincere.  The colors are vibrant and some scenes will have you holding your breath in awe.  You can see each piece of hair and lines on the face.  Bottom line, it is like viewing the film for the first time.  The audio is in spectacular dolby truehd 5.1 and the music is glorious with dialogue set to perfection.<br /><br />What you get for the price here is simply amazing.  The blu ray comes in a beautiful keepsake box which contains a lovely 46 page photo album that is half info on the actors in the film and half album for you to put pictures from your own story.  You get decorative stickers and photo corners, 2 themed book marks and a set of 16 lovely notecards and envelopes.  This film is for anyone who believes in love and is not afraid to admit it.  It is not only a chick flic but a film for anyone with a true emotional bone in their body.  It is a timeless film that tells a timeless tale.  I can't say enough about the beauty of this film from its story to the way it is filmed.  And you deserve the glorious experience of viewing it on blu ray.<br /><br />Lastly, I always wonder when I purchase a blu ray film will I want to watch it only once?  Should I have rented it?  This one is definitely a keeper and a must have addition to your collection.  I wanted to view it a second time right after finishing the first viewing.  Valentine's Day is coming up and this is a perfect gift for the love in your life or for anyone who is a romantic and believes in the power and strength of love.  But this film is also a definite year round treasure.<br /><br />Highly recommended.  A beautiful film presented in a beautiful package.
I realize that there is much that can be ridiculed about The Notebook. The movie practically begs you to find holes. It has the depth of a soap opera. And yet...when I watched it with someone who is so incredibly special to me - the both of us wrapped up in our own personal life miseries, but being great friends and pulling each other through each other's difficulties - and we sat there, quietly sniffing, gently laughing, and shifting in our place next to each other on the couch as the emotional impact of the movie ebbed and flowed, I let the critic go and embraced the moment. At the end, we simply collapsed against each other in tears and the hope that somewhere, sometime, we would find what Allie and Noah had. I loved the movie. I loved watching it, letting my romantic nature gush forward without apology, and I did not care how predictable it was, I did not care how believable it was, I did not care about anything but the fact that true love - the kind of poems, plays, movies, tv shows, novels, and songs from the dawn of man - is so vital and enriches our lives so much that little can compare. In choosing, as many of us will or have already, between practicality and our hearts, the path our heart wants is the best. To the dreamers, the lovers, and the hopeless romantics, enjoy this movie. Watch it with someone special and allow yourself to feel alive. I won't give up my beliefs and I hope you don't either.
I do not prefer romances and I do not like Nick Sparks...  But I did like this movie.  I had always heard my girl friends swoon over it but refused to watch it.  One day, sick in bed, it was all I had to watch.  And I have to say, not only did I like it, I cried a little.  (And by a little, I mean a lot.)  The idea of a life-long love appeals to some but not to most.  Today's society  no longer understands enduring love -- probably why it doesn't appeal to men or teenage crowds.  Regardless, it is your A-Typical era-long love story with a sad ending.  But the journey was worth it.  And I hope those that do watch this movie with hesitation walk away learning a little something about marriage and love and the way those two work together to surmount life-long dedication.  There -- now I sound like a girl.
1932, North Carolina. This film based on the Nicholas Sparks' novel tells the story of two teenagers who tumble head-over-heels into summer love. Noah and Allie are complete opposites as far as society says. Allie comes from an affluent family and is expected to attend college in New York, and Noah works at the lumber mill and lives just according to his means. The problem comes when summer ends. They're in love, and if it were up to the two of them, time would freeze and they could enjoy each other forever. But Allie's parents don't approve, ultimately taking her away and splitting up their love.<br /><br />Time passes, World War II comes and goes, and by a chance meeting, Noah finds himself back in Allie's life. Allie must then choose between her fianc&eacute; Lon and her teenage love Noah. Lon offers her responsibility and stability, while Noah offers her adventure, magic, and life. This story wouldn't be much more than your run-of-the-mill romance if it weren't for the overarching frame of the whole tale.<br /><br />Interspersed throughout the teenage drama is the modern-day scene of Noah at Allie's hospital reading her the story of their love. In spite of the doctor's lack of hope, he visits her every day and reads her their love story in hopes of waking her from her dementia and spending a few moments with the love of his life. While their teenage love is based almost solely on physical passion and lust, this glimpse of faithful, old-age love is deeply moving and poignant. Sure, there's something about Noah that brings Allie's character to life, bringing back her love for painting and art and adventure, but it's the story of them as an elderly couple that really makes this story sing.<br /><br />--- Reviewed by Jonathan Stephens
"I am no one special, just a common man with common thoughts. I've led a common life. There are no monuments dedicated to me, and my name will soon be forgotten; but in one respect, I've succeeded as gloriously as anyone who has ever lived. I've loved another with all my heart and soul, and for me, that has always been enough." These words are part of the opening scene to my favorite movie of all time: The Notebook. The Notebook is a very captivating and emotional movie that is bound to steal any viewer's heart.<br />The Notebook has incredible casting including Rachel McAdams who plays the teenage Allison Hamilton, and Ryan Gosling as the teenage Noah Calhoun. Both of these very attractive, talented people put on an outstanding performance in this tragic romance of two young lovers torn apart by their differing social classes. When they reunite years later, their love rekindles and they are faced with hard decisions that, whichever path they choose, will leave someone with the love of their life, and someone with their heart broken. In the movie, the whole story is read by an old man reading to an old woman in a care facility; the man is Noah and the woman is Allison, or Allie. He reads her the story of their lives, hoping each day that her memory will come back to her if he reads it to her again. This movie is a tear-jerker, but not only because of the heartbreaking parts, but also because of the overwhelming happiness and joy that this movie portrays about these two young lovers.<br />There is no movie that can come close to The Notebook in so many ways: the casting, story line, directing, music, lighting, and scenery are all one of a kind and blend together so incredibly in this movie.<br />The Notebook is based on the best-selling novel The Notebook by Nicholas Sparks. The movie does have its "flaws," as some may say, compared to the novel; it does not follow along with Spark's version exactly, as most movies based on novels do not, but it is very similar. It is hard for me to say which is better, the movie or the novel, and that is something that I hope you can decide on your own after watching the movie and reading the book.<br />This movie is appropriate for everyone who can understand love, and even those who have not experienced love or have a cold heart will be completely melted by the innocence, true love, heartbreak, and happiness in this movie. Every time I watch this movie, even though I've seen it countless times, I still get teary-eyed, broken-hearted, and catch myself smiling every once in a while.
The Notebook is by far the best movie that I have ever seen. I watched it 4 times in one day and cried everytime! It is the best love story I have ever seen. I will be buying the book very soon so that I can picture the way I want the characters to look.<br />This movie is not only good to watch with your significant other, but you can watch it with your grandmother, mother, or your [...]little sister!!! I highly recomend purchasing this DVD. You will not only get the entertainment of watching it, but you will get a lifetime of entertainment because the story seems to stick with you in your heart! Enjoy
`The Notebook' is a sweet romance with a compelling story.  The appeal easily develops with freewheeling dating scenes and revelations which unfold lovers sorting out priorities that hit so close to home.  A  bitter-sweet romance, the film is a beautiful tale of two sweethearts who come from completely different backgrounds but live in the same Southern town during the early forties.<br /><br />Noah (Ryan Gosling) is from a dirt poor family and works as a logger for forty cents an hour.  Allie (Rachel McAdams) belongs to the Southern aristocracy.  She has private tutors for every class and most of her whims satisfied.  It is love at first sight for Noah who spots Allie at a carnival and jumps between her and her chosen date from the platform of a Ferris wheel.  Once he has her attention, he threatens to let go and fall to the pavement if she won't agree to date him.  From there his colorful presence challenges every route she's ever known.  They each bring a measure of deep beauty to each other:  He recites poetry, and she creates paintings.  All the oddball adventure he presents from lying down in the middle of a street to dare the traffic, letting go in a torrential rainstorm, to dancing in the street provide those defining moments that demonstrate how strangely people act when they are in love.  As the summer ends their lives are disrupted:  She is forced to go to Sarah Lawrence College in New York, and soon later he is drafted to fight in Europe during World War II.  They split ways and find different lovers, but their relationship is truncated, especially when Allie's manipulative mother (Joan Allen) intercepts Noah's letters that are meant for her.<br /><br />`The Notebook' is told  from the point-of-view of "Duke" (James Garner) who reads the story of Noah and Allie to a beloved nursing home resident (Gena Rowlands) suffering from dementia.  I kept thinking as they sit on a park bench in one scene that the story is retold in a manner not entirely different from 'Forrest Gump'.  Duke narrates the story, and we come back to him and the woman until the two stories meet and have meaning.<br /><br />Besides solid, absorbing performances by Gosling and McAdams, Garner softens the edge of the story as narrator, and Allen and Rowlands are easily captivating as Allie's complex and emotional mother and the elderly dementia patient.  'The Notebook' is a pleasing old-fashioned movie that easily plays on our heartstrings and provides a very satisfying viewing experience.  (Based on a novel by Nicholas Sparks)
The Notebook is a movie to give hope to the idea that people can still be in love when they are old. It is a tale of true love that never gives up, for richer or poorer, in sickness and in health, and in youth or old age. The love that Noah and Allie share clearly would convince anyone that true love will last the test of time. A movie with this message is needed at a time like this, when people fall in and out of love all the time and hardly believe in love. It gives hope, joy, and expectancy of true love.
I just love this show i went to the movies to see it, and liked it so much i had to have the dvd
I did enjoy The Notebook very much. Beautifully shot, it was a lovely story although I found it predictable. Most of my other friends did not find it as easy to call as I did, so I'm not going to spoil the story for everyone. Despite figuring out what was going on right away, it didn't deter me from enjoying the movie. It's worth it just to watch Rachel McAdams alone. She was quite something in Mean Girls, and she really shows her range in The Notebook. If you're the type that likes sappy romances, you will definitely love this movie that shows true love truly stands the tests of time. Enjoy!
THIS MOVIE WAS ONE OF THE BEST ROMANTIC PERFORMANCES I HAVE EVER SEEN.  THE DIRECTOR, ACTORS AND OTHER FILM SPECIALIST NEED TO BE PRAISED.  I ONLY HOPE THEY DO MUCH MORE PERFORMANCES LIKE THIS ONE AND SOON.
The Notebook is a beautiful and classic love story by director Nick Cassavettes (son of legendary director John Cassavettes). This film has gorgeous cinematography, you'll know what I mean when you view this film. Rachel McAdams and Ryan Gosling are breathtakingly beautiful together. McAdams is some actress, she has a big career ahead of her, she is so natural and real. Gosling is great as well, he carried the film extremely well. Well-acted, great supporting cast, and a timeless story of how strong love can be no matter what age you are. Defintely worth seeing, The Notebook is glorious.
if anyone believes in true love, then buy this movie. It's shows what probably all girl and boys went through to get were their at. True love. Buy this!!
This is my NEW favorite!!  There is not a week that goes by that I don't watch this movie.  I love the scenery, the story line and the way the story is told.  It is truly a love story and gives hope that there is a love like this to be found in the world.
This is a beautiful story about love. The best love ever lived. This timeless story should be watched with your cherished ones. It is a story of hope and passion lived between two people who adore and can't live without one another.
Enjoyed the movie, but loved the book! The actors were perfect for the parts, from the time they met to the end of the movie. I would suggest that you see the movie first and then read the book.
Other reviewers as well as the Amazon editorials have adequately covered the plot of this movie. So this will be a brief review.<br /><br />I watched this movie about two weeks ago. Since then I have not been able to forget it ... it comes to me during the drive to work, while walking the dog, while cleaning house. This movie was simply beautiful and breathtaking in it's scope. It is a bittersweet love story that is so real, so well acted, and so well written. This is not just a few hankies movie, this is an entire tissue box movie. It's meaning will resonate in your soul and you'll feel better for having experienced it.
This is an outstanding movie!!! Guys and Girls alike love it!!! Its a tear jerker though thats for sure!!
This is a great movie! I really advise to buy this special edition DVD. I've enjoyed watching this movie in wide and full screen versions that this DVD holds.<br /><br />See ya.
Everybody said it is a very good movie, I bought it, I watch it and I totally agreed. It is one of the greatest love story ever told, simple yet romantic. It is hard to say it has a sad ending or a happy ending. It depends on one's points of view. It is sad that at the end she didn't even recognize him, it is happy that they were together till the end. DVD's picture and sound quality are excellent.
I have watched this movie about 5 times, and it gets me every time.  try to watch it with someone you love.  IT WILL MAKE YOU CRY & FALL IN LOVE alllll OVER AGAIN.  its a wonderfull movie. ***** 5 stars
500 previous reviews have said it all, but some observations on a movie that has some twists and turns and more depth than one might first imagine in a blatant tear-jerker:<br /><br />clasic stereotypical rich girl wants poor boy plot works in this semi-period piece; enough old cars, military uniforms and swing music to evoke world war II era.  pre-integration south is not portrayed as retarded or evil.<br /><br />allie's dad was a disconcerting combination of leon redbone and leroy nieman or maybe rollie fingers with that mustache of his; comedic effect detracted from taking his character (long-suffering daddy to little girl...) seriously, but he was most sketchy major character anyway.<br /><br />allie's mom was lee-remickish and alluring for a semi-old broad and, consistent with complexity of situation, not the witch in the end you thought she was in the beginning.  goes to show everybody's got a secret of their own...<br /><br />aging of noah was somewhat unbelievable; ryan gosling is evidently too youthful to look older without a beard and long hair, but it was out of place in the late 40s and early 50's south.  and his character starts out like a young robert deniro and ends up like a middle-aged jeff daniels.<br /><br />allie showed gymnast's agility in the way she kept jumping up on noah and wrapping her legs around him, even on public streets; while that was great to fantasize about, it was again, disconcerting.  as was her penchant for continually slapping and hitting him when she got mad.  that would have caused me to wonder about the future with a woman like that, notwithstanding her obvious upside...<br /><br />thought movie showed some depth by not protraying rich, handsome other-guy lon as bad, possessive or abusive but instead as a decent guy.  life is that way, there can be two good guys, hence a girl's dilemma of which to chose.<br /><br />thought gena rowlands did excellent job of portraying the fear in an old person who knows they are losing it but can't help it.  and james garner did excellent job of protraying the helpless spouse who can only do what he can and watch his loved one's inexorable deterioration.  never saw him cry real tears before; it was heart-wrenching.<br /><br />wish there were more acting jobs for old pros; maybe there will be as boomers age and want to watch themselves on the screen.<br /><br />movie makes it no surprise that noah and allie in the story that takes place in the 40's are the older couple in the present; best plot twist of all, i thought, which is low-keyed, is who wrote the notebook...  it ain't who you think, but it drives home the ultimate message of the movie.<br /><br />definitely recommend renting this flick; bring the popcorn and kleenex...
Call me crazy, but I have never been one for romantic, sad movies. Sappy, cliched, love stories have never had a place in my heart...which is why I didn't see the raved-over Notebook in theaters. However I heard such amazing reviews by the time it came out in stores that when I saw it on sale at Target I tossed a copy in my red basket.<br /><br />That night I watched it and soon was engrossed by the story line. Trying to figure out if the confused old lady with Alzehiemer's was really Allie and if she had really decided to be with Noah was an interesting way to cover up some of the cliches that still prevailed in the love story plot. Also, the fact that the other boy striving for her heart was actually a good person and not some evil golddigger added interest and banished even more of those stubburn cliches.<br /><br />Rachel McAdams (Young Allie)stars along with Ryan Gosling (Noah) and McAdams had already proved her acting crediblity to me in my favorite movie, Mean Girls, and others like Red Eye. Both did not disappoint in the Notebook.<br /><br />I recommend this movie for all,however,guys may not appreciate this smart romance, as I know for a fact that my boyfriend refuses to watch it again and my dad fell asleep while viewing it for the first time.<br /><br />Although the movie is sad, and I usually completely shy away from such movies, I put past my chick flick inhibitions and actually really do love the movie.
Incredible love story set in time, but such a true work of art makes The Notebook timeless.  The dedication and adoration displayed by the main characters as a young couple yearning for one another and then later on even as their lives seem to be narrowing to the end is an inspiration for any couple.  The slow understanding of who the man is who is reading the notebook and who he is reading it too settles in like a warm light bulb slowly coming to life, adding a sweetness to the story that could be overwhelming, but simply makes you like it even more.  Gratifying memories and feelings linger pleasantly in your consciousness for days afterwards.
Too bad my husband watched it with me. Otherwise, I would have bawled and bawled. Watched it last night, purchased it today.
This movie is a testament to the fact that true love outlasts everything life can throw at it! Supberb cast.  Supberb screenplay.  In my opinion, better than the book bearing the same name, no offense to Nicholas Sparks's work.  Just a warning: Men may call this movie a chick flick but believe me none of them can say it's not one of the best romantic movies they have seen  in a real long time.  P.S. Don't forget to bring tissues! WHAT! Movie reviewers cry too! I am not the only one! I am not! Check out the other reviewers.  Go ahead!
Let me start off by saying I'm not a fan of this type of movie: the one where you know the ending right off the bat, the one that makes love seem so easy, etc. But after my friends kept raving about it, I decided that I had to see THE NOTEBOOK, so I rented it the day it came out on video/DVD. The only regret I have is not seeing it sooner - it's that good.<br /><br />Nowadays, the only movies that you ever really see are your oversexed teen comedies, horror movies, or romantic comedies that all blend together. THE NOTEBOOK is incredibly refreshing, with a touching story, amazing characters and plots, and, more importantly, a memorable story. I was amazed by every performance in THE NOTEBOOK (usually, I find at least one actor in a movie that I would replace), and all the characters are incredibly likeable (especially Noah...both young and old).<br /><br />It had annoyed me that they had waited so long to release THE NOTEBOOK on video/DVD, but not only was it worth the wait, but it fits the season perfectly (releasing this six days before Valentine's Day was a great idea). I can't justify this movie with my review...just go see THE NOTEBOOK. It isn't your typical chick flick, seeing as I know a few guys who enjoyed it as well. (Though, you do want to have a box of Kleenex on hand!)<br /><br />Highly recommended.<br /><br />Overall grade - A+
I must stress to you my belief in that the 'romantic comedy' is pretty much the worst creation of mankind. Some may argue that religion or the atom bomb are more destructive but the romcom (ugh!) is consistent proof that the public are idiots willing to fork over cash multiple times for the same old, same old crap. We very rarely get a sincere romance film, they kinda died out in the forties and have struggled for breath since.<br /><br />I liked A Walk to Remember a lot and felt obliged to check this out (because it's from a book by the same writer). That obligation turned out to be quite rewarding as this sober, mature film was everything zillion dollar attempts to make us cry (I'm subtly referencing Pearl Harbor) were not. It's all about character and the guts and imagination to tell a good story.<br /><br />Noah is a simple 17-year-old lumberyard worker. He's cocky, arrogant but very good-natured and he quickly attaches himself to Allie, a girl from the city, from Old Money and a fussy family who condemn her relationship with Noah. This is all told in flashback as old Noah (James Garner) reads from his book of youthful memories. Yes, this part is nothing original but the conviction by the cast make it astonishingly real and believable. The performances all round (but especially from Gosling and Rachel McAdams) give The Notebook a strong edge over most attempts at romance. You can literally feel their urge for each other and are involved with them all the way. 'Will she or won't she' plot lines have been done to agonising death so credit must be given Nick Cassavetes (who you'll probably best remember as Castor Troy's bald pal from Face/Off) for pulling it off so eloquently.<br /><br />I strongly recommend that you give The Notebook a try. Even if your a hardened 300-pound muscle-man who's afraid to love it's still worth it. But I must warn you, if your the kind of person who breaks down in uncontrollable crying at the end of Bicentennial Man (err...) you must know that The Notebook ends very similarly. So if your lip quivers easily, watch it alone.<br /><br />The DVD is in gorgeous-looking 2.35:1 anamorphic widescreen that perfectly shows off the wonderful cinematography and warm color pallete of the film. The Dolby 5.1 soundtrack is most unsophisticated but considering the nature of the film, that is to be expected. Extras include, 2 Commentaries by director Nick Cassavetes and writer Nicholas Sparks, 12 Deleted Scenes, featurettes on Cassavetes and Sparks, 'Locating The Notebook' Featurette, Casting Noah and Allie Featurette, Rachel McAdams Screen Test and the Trailer.
Possibly this film is among the ten best American films made in 2004. I do not remind of any previous romantic movie with such freshness and artistic commitment in the prevoius three decades.<br /><br />Nick Casavettes made a perfect picture, with precision, humor, drama but above all with a genius touch in the love scenes. Exceptional good taste and outstanding photograph and even better locations ; the sequence in the lake in the code of the picture is breathtaking , always keeping  mind the dramatic lines and never exceeding the fundamental close ups, or the romantic excess.<br /><br />A mature drama with admirable performances. Two veterans actors such as Gena Rowlands -one of my favorite actress- ever as  the mother of the director and the charismatic James Garner making a tour de force acting and playing to my mind the finest role of his career. This intelligent puzzle will show us several clues, specially the tender Chopin's Prelude No.4 Op. 28 which curiously was the same played by Nicholson in five easy pieces .<br /><br />This silent enemy: the senile dementia does not know about mercy. Once it appears you will become in just a post card human being. Your memories will vanish slowly and the dark shadows of the blackness will install in your neurons, where the gradual contact with the outer world will be diminishing with any possibility of return. Curiously there is another admirable argentine film which focuses on the same item : The son of the bride<br /><br />If you accept the parallel musical approach all the picture is a mesmerizing Adagio. Rachel Mac Adams is one of the most beautiful actress in the screen and gives a sensitive performance. Ryan Gossling, is played with admirable fineness. Joan Allen once more steals the show in the brief appearances . She is splendid as the mother.<br /><br />Haunting and powerful work which deserves all the possible attention and the best recognizing . If Nick follows these traces will be one of the most talented and gifted film makers in his generation.<br /><br />Finally we can feel how the great tradition of the most expressive and talented elite of the Golden Age of the American Cinema is emerging from the ashes after a big sleep of almost twenty years.<br /><br />Why five stars only?.  One thousand stars and it would not be enough!
This is a beautiful story, and the love these two have is incredible.  Ryan Gosling steals the film - his acting is impeccable.  However, Rachel McAdmas is wonderful, and they chemistry they have is enigmatic.  To think that a man could love a woman so much...it's magical.  You have to see this movie.
I saw this movie in the most unromantic place possible, the coach cabin of a long transatlantic flight. Yes, I was a captive audience with little else to watch or do, but usually I turn on the movie for 15 minutes and then go back to reading my book. I'm usually not a fan of the tearjerker genre either, but this movie however managed to hold my attention.<br /><br />This is a very sweet story about love and dedication. Duke, played by James Garner visits everyday with an Alzheimers patient in a nursing home, played superbly by Gena Rolands. He reads her stories in the hopes that it might help her remember something about her own life. The story he tells her is about a young man, Noah, and young woman, Allie, played by Ryan Gosling and Rachel McAdams. They are from different backgrounds and they fall in love at the eve of World War II.<br /><br />The story told is not particularly unique, parents disapproving, young lovers seperated, etc. But the acting, sets and costuming are very good in this movie, making it very easy to get caught up in the story of Noah and Allie.<br /><br />This movie has some big tearjerker moments. It was hard to watch on the plane and muffle my sniffles and dab at my tears without being embarrased, since my husband was sitting next to me laughing his head off at Anchorman. So, while I recommend watching it in a different location, I do recommend this movie. I enjoyed it and if you like romantic movies, you probably will too.
This movie is old fashioned. At the cinema every other movie goer was a woman a so I was glad to be with my wife. (the term chick-flick (lol) has already been used in this review section! - but it is interesting that guys are watching too)<br /><br />Call it a tearjerker but movies like this are so rare these days it is very refreshing!<br /><br />This movie captures the heart and truly amazes. I had no expectations when I went to see it. The movie opening credits were a bore, but, I got hooked pretty easily after that.<br /><br />The story is a best-seller so it stands to reason that the movie can tell a good story too. Must see, don't listen to anyone that says not to watch it, they are pulling the wool over your eyes.<br /><br />What I liked about this movie (the story really, but the movie production was fine and well shot and casted) is that the story was unpredictable. Most films these days are very poor in this department. I enjoyed it and it touches the heart! Great for couples, chicks (lol) and guys who want to enjoy a good movie. (Don't expect to get into it straight away, it takes a little time.)
First and formost I must say: WOW!!!!!!!!! I used to work in a movie theater, and we all know, working at a movie theater means free movies. I had found out that The Notebook was going to be released, and I was excited. I had read the book a few times over the years, and couldn't wait to see the big screen adaptation. I went opening night, with my manager at the time, because she is as big of a fan of Nicholas Sparks as I am. All I can really say is I am glad I wasn't ushering that night, otherwise, I would literally be standing in a lake of tears. Of course I went right back and payed for my second ticket and watched it again.  Still the same reaction.<br /><br />  To make a long story short, I ended up seeing The Notebook 4 different times, with 4 different people, and each time, I ended blochy eyed, and wearing a tear stained shirt, (and not to many guys will admit to crying during a movie). This movie was incredibly well done, the acting was more then amazing, the cinematography was gorgeous, and the music was extremly well done. All in all, all I can say about this movie, is Best Picture worthy. I urge all to go out on the release date of Feb. 8th (subject to change), and buy it, and watch it with someone you love.<br /><br />  For the women (and gay guys), James Marsten is what we would call, eye candy. His acting, unfortunatly, wasn't as good as all expected, but what can you expect from someone who played cyclops.  For the men (and lesbians, can't forget them), Rachel McAdams is more then eye candy. Her preformance was more then best actress worthy. She made the audience believe that love comes as natural as sending roses on Valentine's day.<br /><br />  For the older folks (and believe me, there were a LOT in the theater), James Garner and Genna Rowland were the perfect on screen couple. They made my heart melt, with every comment they made.<br /><br />  In all this movie was just wonderful, and I don't think that anything bad can be said about it at all (except that it had to end).  It deserves beyond the five stars that I rated it (hint hint amazon mediators). I insist, no I demand, that you all go out and buy this movie.  Enjoy a good cry, and don't forget to have lots of tissues on hand, believe me you're gonna need them.
I read Nicholas Sparks books almost as soon as they come out.  And when I found out this one was being made into a movie I was skeptical because I loved the book!  But I went to see it anyway and cried and cried.  Especially the scene with the birds on the lake, those of you who have seen it know what I'm talking about.  And those who haven't MUST watch it.  It is a beautiful movie and I would recommend it to anyone, especially the skeptical ones.
I am still crying!  I have never been so touched by a lovestory.  It's now been 2 days since I saw the movie and I find myself still dreaming about it.  It's a girls must see movie!  Don't forget to bring soft tissues unlike the ones we used, the rough ones that come with the popcorn!!
A pure chick flick but this is a very enjoyable movie.  Had never read a book by Sparks but was very touched by this movie of a retold story with a twist at the end.  The young female lead is exceptional as an innocent rich girl and Jim Garner is his typical charming self.  This is a movie worth seeing but will be enjoyed most by women and middle aged and up.  It will bring you to tears.
My boyfriend and I went to see The Notebook last night. From the very beginning I was captured by this movie, and I could not take my eyes off the screen. Wonderful acting - beautiful story - Perfect everything! A must see for everyone. You'll laugh and  you will cry. But a very satisfying story.
This is the best love story I have ever seen, you can put yourself into the characters and relate to each one. My husband and I went to see this movie because I read the book, (I read all his books) and I made a complete fool of myself because I cried so hard, the quieter I tried to be the louder I got, my husband was right there with me in the same shape I was in. This movie was as good as the book and I believe Nicholas Sparks is the best story teller of our time. This movie was awesome and I recommend it to everyone that has ever been in Love. I loved it!!
The Notebook was one of the greatest romantic movie of all times. A movie that can bring out our emotions is what i call a good movie and this movie absolutely did so. It brings out our tears. Ryan Gosling and Rachel McAdams did an excellent job and so were the other actors and actresses. I definitly recommand this movie for everyone. The soundtrack was also excellent. I just cant wait till the dvd comes out. This movie was outstanding...
get this one! I was forced into watching it by my girlfirend but after only maybe 10-15 minutes I was really interested in seeing what happened next. I have been forced to watch a few other romance films in my time and this one I actually enjoyed. If your girl has given you a list of romance movies she wants for gifts and you know your going to end up having to watch them with her, do yourself a favor and get this.
This movie really makes you appreciate what true love is and how it enters our lives no matter how long it is for. When true love exists it is so clear as to what the difference is between this special bond vs. the emotion of love, which we can feel for our brother our sister or a good friend. If anyone can have this feeling for a lifetime then they are the luckiest person on earth. I have experienced it for 9 months and I can't explain it, it is just a great feeling the best in the world. It doesn't seem that it will work out but at least I have had the chance to experience it.
Trivia: the co-stars hooked up after making this film! Turned out actress McAdams and actor Gosling were born in the same hospital in London, Ontario (Canada) but not in the same year. How's that for "fate"?<br /><br />This story was based on the author's wife's grandparents who reconnected just weeks before the grandmother was about to marry someone else. So there is something to those people who just can't forget that certain someone. I actually know of a couple who married 17 years after breaking up in University when the man tracked the woman down. Same thing, they just never forgot about one another.<br /><br />Back to the film: Amidst very pretty scenery and shots, Noah and Allie do have a chemistry in the summer of first love before college. Both 17 at the time they are pulled apart by Allie's parents. Not only that but her mother prevents his letters from reaching her.<br /><br />About a dozen years later right after Allie has chosen her wedding dress... she sees a story about Noah in a newspaper about a house he restored. Driven to see him just one last time before marrying fiance Lon, Allie and Noah discover the conspiracy behind their separation ... and the embers that are STILL burning after so many years.<br /><br />Maybe there is wisdom is just going with your heart.
I think, for me, this movie can illustrate some of the difficulties in creating a romance drama that is very effective.  This movie is a finely crafted and beautiful work of art.  The story and the filmmaking are keen on providing a sense of profound happiness and energy into the concept of love, one that is both healing and outgoing.<br /><br />However, some various problems arose for me with the exposition of the characters.  I was simply not attracted to either of the characters.  They got together too quickly, too loudly, and from there I couldn't really feel love for them even though I could feel their love for each other.  Does this fall into personal taste, or does this fall into shortcomings of the story?<br /><br />Well let's take a look, for a moment, at how they got together, that scene with the ferris wheel.  It was loud, it was out there, and it was pretty obnoxious, honestly.  Does it connect with us, the viewers, at a level where Noah's actions are reflections of what we secretly desire to do, to climb and to jump and to yell and to make sure she promises to notice us at all costs?  Or is it simply brash and contrived, a character that is so outgoing that he represents anybody who is impulsive, albeit completely honest about his feelings and completely persistant in his emotions?<br /><br />Or Allie, is she honestly someone that guys would fall in love with, the person we can imagine as "The One?"<br /><br />Of course at this point somebody will probably think I'm reading too much into them, or I'm just not accepting the movie for what it is, or anything along that line, but in the nature of film criticism I want to ask, what is the purpose of movies like these?  As an entertainment medium, it connects us with the idea of "love", the one, the search for that precise person that the two characters find in each other that loves each other and can love forever, something that is needed especially since the world gets so cynical now.<br /><br />So why am I just completely not in love with those characters?<br /><br />It's a good movie.  What I liked especially were the opening shots and that entire scene involving the swans and the rain, which were indeed very romantic.  The story was very touching.  I just didn't like the characters.  I think the real dilemma is that they had too much dialog.  Sometimes they spoke when honestly they should have been a bit quieter; and I'm not talking about the first sex scene.  That scene was actually one of the movie's strongest moments, one that was more honest about the anxieties for those two young lovers and the implications of what they were doing.  I'm talking about moments in the film where all the characters needed to do was share a look, and instead they shared some dialog and it brought me away from the idea that they were truly connected on a deeper level.<br /><br />--PolarisDiB
I would like to offer the following disclaimer before beginning this review: I am a crier. I cry at movies. Romantic movies, chick flicks, movies with happy endings, movies with sad endings...you name it, I'll have at least a few tears going by the end. That being said, only two movies have ever managed to completely reduce me to a messy, sobbing wreck: Titanic and Steel Magnolias. Well, thanks to author Nicholas Sparks and director Nick Cassavetes, I can now add The Notebook to that very short list.<br /><br />The general plot of The Notebook is a story as old as the hills: Rich girl (Allie, played by Rachel McAdams) meets penniless boy (Noah, played by Ryan Gosling), and they fall in love. Allie's parents don't approve, and the brief relationship ultimately ends. Years later, Allie is engaged to another man (Lon, played by James Marsden). Noah suddenly comes screaming back into her life, and she's forced to choose between two men that she loves dearly.<br /><br />What makes The Notebook stand apart from similar tales is the way the plot is presented. The story of Noah and Allie's love is told entirely in flashback mode-an older Noah (James Garner) reads the story to an older Allie (Gena Rowlands), who now suffers from Alzheimer's. Since Allie is no longer able to recognize Noah, much less remember the story of their teenage romance, Noah reads to her from a notebook that encapsulates the story of their love. He reads to her every day, and on "good days," she manages to remember and come back to him for a short time.<br /><br />I definitely recommend stocking up on tissues before you sit down to watch this film. I was unprepared the first time I watched it-I ran out of tissues and ended up sobbing into my husband's shirt instead. (He was remarkably understanding.) The story of Noah and Allie's romance-by itself-will evoke a few tears from some viewers. But the real heartbreaking stuff lies in the scenes with James Garner and Gena Rowlands. They're both brilliant actors, and their scenes together were the parts that reduced me to a sobbing mess.<br /><br />The DVD is packed with lots of bonus features, including two commentaries: one by author Nicholas Sparks and one by director Nick Cassavetes. Also included are documentaries on the original novel and casting and several deleted scenes.<br /><br />I very, very highly recommend The Notebook, as long as you take my advice: Be prepared with at least one full box of Kleenex (more if you watch with a group of people), and don't watch it alone. Have a significant other over to cry with you, or make it a girls' night in. Having a shoulder (or two or three) to cry on will make all the difference with this movie.
When I read a book and/or see a movie that inspires me, I want to become a better person.  Everyone should be so lucky to have a person love them just a fraction of the time this story tells.  This is the best love story I have ever seen.  It inspired me to look at my life and remind myself how very lucky I am, as well.
Upon my wife's insistence, I sat down and watched The Notebook with her.  I must admit that despite my reluctance at first to view the movie, I was quickly drawn in to the story and watched intently until the end.  I knew going in that it was a romance which didn't bode well, I thought.  But as it turns out, the plot and characters are just unique enough that you don't feel as if you've seen it all before.<br /><br />Fans of romance films will likely dub The Notebook as the second coming of Gone With The Wind.  I will concur that it comes very close to being a truly great film, romance or otherwise.  There is a rare chemistry that exists between the two romantic interests in the film that ultimately carries the day for the movie.  You most definitely find yourself caring for these characters early in the story.  Once a movie achieves that it has half the battle won.<br /><br />My criticism of this film is twofold.  First, while James Garner does a passable job in his role, he just seems miscast and appears to be a fish out of water in his scenes.  Perhaps I'm just so used to him playing gruff, tough guy characters that I won't allow myself to believe him as who he is in the film.  Or maybe he's so acutely aware of that reputation himself that he guilds the lily a bit in his scenes.  Either way, I feel there were better choices out there for his role.<br /><br />The other criticism I have is germane to the story itself.  What was so great about this romance, is that pretty much all of it could indeed have happened in real life.  The film sets real world rules and plays by the them 99% of the time.  There are harsh realities everywhere in the film and it makes no bones about them.  You come to realize that perhaps things won't end happily ever after as most romances do.  The Notebook doesn't allow itself to drift into a fantasy existence where "the keeper of the stars" leads the principal characters by the nose.  But as the movie hits the finish line, it changes those rules and crosses over.  There are two endings in the film, and I am not referring to a DVD extra that you can view.  I mean there are two endings that occur back to back.  One is the proper and natural ending that is in keeping with the rhythm and rules of the entire film.  It leaves to the imagination what we already know is an inevitability, but at the same time affords the audience a last chance at a bittersweet ending.  At that point the credits should have rolled and everyone would be talking about how this movie is one of the best romances ever made.  Alas, the story goes one step too far and isn't satisfied to let things end as they are.  An additional scene is played out and is the chronological ending, which is both entirely unnecessary and a bit of a cheat.  It appears as if the director just couldn't make up his mind which way to best end the film, so he just decided to punt and include both.<br /><br />From the sound of it, you'd think I hated the film, but nothing could be further from the truth.  I was just frustrated at the way the ending was handled and how the rules that were adhered to for the length of the film were broken right at the end for an overly sentimental purpose.  It was unnecessary and took a 5 star film down to a 4 for no good reason.  It's still most certainly worth a purchase.  The acting, writing, cinematography and pacing are all superb.  I highly recommend the movie, but I'm quite sure that many will agree with me once they see it that the first ending was all this movie needed.
Nicholas Sparks is a successful novelist because he writes books that are accessible, flagrantly romantic, populated with characters that no matter how obvious their motivations and feelings manage to capture the imagination of readers in a world lacking beauty at this point in time.  And so it was inevitable that THE NOTEBOOK become a popular film: it serves a need to audiences beleaguered by horror/fright films, toilet humor teenage movies, and combustible highly flammable action flicks.<br /><br />Briefly (because the amount of story in this film IS brief) THE NOTEBOOK is a story read to an Alzheimer victim (Gena Rowlands) in an extended care facility by a live-in 'Duke' (James Garner) who is attempting to aid the old lady's memory. The notebook is a diary kept by the lady (this is not a spoiler - the fact is made clear too early in the film) of the first love of a wealthy 17-year-old Allison (Rachel McAdams) and a lumberyard heart-of-gold without an education poor bloke Noah (Ryan Gosling).  Allison's wealthy parents (Joan Allen and David Thornton) deny their daughter's feelings and separate her from Noah.  Noah goes to war (this is the 1940's by the way) having written to Allison 365 letters never answered because Allison's overprotective mother does not deliver them.<br /><br />Time passes, Noah returns home from the war, concentrates on rebuilding the old plantation dream house that was the site of his blooming love for Allison seven years ago. In the meantime Allison, thinking that Noah had forgotten her, falls in love with a satisfactory young wealthy man (James Marsden) and before marrying him, discovers Noah's return, goes out to meet him at the dream house, and well, the rest is pretty obvious.<br /><br />The nice thing about this little movie is the commitment on the part of the actors: they are all excellent and make this otherwise passable summer movie something better than the book.  No one is to blame for the predictability of the plot except for Nicholas Sparks, and he continues to churn out these weepies to a needy audience.  And that is very okay!  Grady Harp, February 2005
Ever since seeing a trailer for The Notebook before Troy, I had been pumped for that movie.  I read the book, downloaded the trailers, and counted the days until the movie opened.  That night, I went to the second showing ever.  Heck, I showed up half an hour early in case the show were to get sold out (oh, how wrong I was--I think there were about ten other people there besides me) and plunked myself down in a movie theater seat, preparing for what promised to be a sweet, romantic cottny candy "chick" flick.<br /><br />First off, I will review my, and what appears to be everyone else's, favorite part: the flashbacks.  However, keep in mind that these parts of the book did not impress me that much.  It had many problems; however, to name them all would constitute a review of the book, not the movie.  The movie, God bless it, did what it could to cover up Nicholas Sparks' errors, but it could only do so much.<br /><br />First off, in the movie, Allie's a bitch.  There's no other way to say it.  She's a snob, and it took me a while to warm up to her.  In the novel, she was sweeter--but bland.  I think I liked this Allie better because she had more personality.  Noah's a lot spunkier, which is so much better than the "I'm a nice sensitive-yet-tough poet  has absolutely no flaws whatsoever" in the novel.  I like how the movie attempted to carve out a character for Allie's fiance; in the book the poor guy gets the shaft.  And the attempted explanation for Allie's mother was very touching to me.  I don't remember it in the book, so I'm assuming the movie made it up.  Kudos to them for making her sympathetic; in the book you wanted to smack her.<br /><br />Now, here's where my issue with the movie lies.  The darn "present-day" story, which is the setup for the love story.  In theory, it sounds like a very cute idea.  In the book, it was decent.  But in that movie, oh dear God, did I hate it.  I would pretty much mentally scream whenever the fascinating, involving love story was halted for depressing scenes of dying old people.  I think it's because love stories are great because they're unrealistic.  We don't have to worry about seeing our favorite couple die of old age.  We know that they're going to someday, but we don't care!  We don't want to see it!  The present-day flashbacks kind of gave me the mindset of "Who the heck cares if they get together; she's just gonna die of Alzheimer's anyway..."  Which is NOT a good mindset to have during a love story.  Maybe if the present-day scenes had been more subtle and taken up less screentime, it would have had better results, I don't know.  To sum it up: the love story was angsty enough without having the super-angst of impending death inbetween.  And what the HECK was up with that ending?  That was terrible!  The old people having sex in the book was gross, but at least it wasn't as so damn depressing.<br /><br />Another issue I had was that they were JUST SO SUGARY.  The movie wasn't as bad as the book, thank God, and before you yell at me saying that this is a Sparks story and I ought to expect saccharine, let me say something.  Romances are best when the couple isn't together.  Why do you think chick flicks always cut off at a kiss, or a wedding?  You need a great climax, with development having lead to it.  The Notebook does a good job of this, until one scene--the scene where they are running inside from the rain.  In the novel, it is very dull and tense leading to it.  You kept reading on, wondering when the two would break.  In the movie, it's just... I dunno, maybe it's because I was expecting it to happen, but it wasn't suitably built up.  Plus it was pretty random.  Why did he kiss her then?  What exactly pushed him over the edge?<br /><br />The movie, overall, goes more in-depth than the book, which is a very good thing.  Oh, and the acting is superb.  Ryan and Rachel had really great chemistry.<br /><br />This is longer than I had expected it would be, so I'll stop now.  I will say that if you're in the mood for a light "beach" flick, perhaps one on a rainy afternoon with lots of chocolate, this is a good choice.  If you're in a cynical mood, definitely not.  But for me it was kind of a guilty pleasure.  I'm not sure if I'll buy it yet when it comes out.  I probably will.  But I recommend reading the book first.
The best movie i have ever seen. I have never cried harder in my life, or left a theater happier.  I saw it 3 times, and can't wait to be able to watch it again.
THE NOTEBOOK has long been my favorite of Nicholas Sparks' many books, so it is a happy surprise to me that the wonderful story transferred to the big screen with all the sweetness, warmth, and tenderness that made the book a runaway best seller.  <p>The best part of this movie was the incredible chemistry between Rachel McAdams and Ryan Gosling as the young lovers Allie and Noah.  Their story was told by an elderly couple in a nursing home.  James Garner and Gena Rowlands were outstanding as the devoted "Duke" and the woman with irreversible dementia. As Duke recounted the story of Allie and Noah from the notebook he carried with him, the lady's memory began to come back and she could remember.<p>The movie always changes the book but the one major change (the ending) which had the audience letting out a collective gasp and reaching for the nearest tissue was, in my opinion, really good even if it was pure Hollywood melodrama.  <p>Why does a movie like THE NOTEBOOK appeal to so many?  Is it that every woman longs for a man who loves as deeply as Noah?  Is it that every one wants a love that transcends all problems---those of class, education, family objection----and lasts forever?  Or just maybe in a world of high-tech gizmos and high security alerts, it's nice to get back to basics with a really good love story....and this is definitely that.
THE NOTEBOOK is an old-fashioned love story with the topical subject of Alzheimer's Disease thrown in to heighten the Hankie Factor.<p>The film opens in the present at a genteel, riverside, Southern facility for the long-term care of the aged. An old man, &quot;Duke&quot; (James Garner), is in the habit of reading from a book to an elegant, but chronically confused and distant, lady (Gena Rowlands) of equal antiquity. The story concerns two teenagers during a hot, carefree, South Carolina summer preceding World War II. They are (in extended flashback) Noah Calhoun (Ryan Gosling) and Allie (Rachel McAdams). <p>Noah, working in the local sawmill, is the uneducated son of a dirt-poor father (Sam Shephard). Allie, in these months before she's off to a prestigious New York college, is the only daughter of snobbishly wealthy parents, John (David Thornton) and Anne (Joan Allen) Hamilton. <p>The book's plot is that hoary one about two young lovers of disparate backgrounds and financial resources, who are subsequently separated by circumstances, objection and obstruction by the wealthy parents, and the subsequent engagement of one to another - in this case, Allie to a devilishly handsome and perfectly decent, rich, young, Army officer wounded during WWII, whom she meets while serving as a volunteer nurse in a Stateside military hospital. Will Noah and Allie ever get back together? That's what Duke's lone listener wants to know.<p>At midpoint point in this review, and midway through the film, it should be apparent that Duke and his lady friend are Noah and Allie in the winter of their lives. The latter is now suffering from Alzheimer's and only occasionally recognizes her husband, who reads her the story of their courtship over and over in the hope of stimulating her memory.  <p>THE NOTEBOOK is an engaging love story that even Guys might enjoy. I did. James Garner is one of the most beloved screen veterans, and Ryan Gosling as Noah's younger self is totally likable. McAdams as Allie is effervescent and positively radiant. As a period piece, i.e. that part taking place before and immediately after the war, it's sumptuously photographed with contemporary costumes, hairstyles, music, and lots of vintage automobiles. And the sequence shot in the sunken forest amidst the migrating waterfowl was breathtaking in its beauty.<p>The film does stumble occasionally. While Joan Allen is superb as the witch mother you love to hate, at least until she reveals a secret of her own late in the movie, the John Hamilton character is a virtual non-entity. And I didn't believe his moustache for a second. (It reminded me of the beards in the Civil War epic GETTYSBURG.) Then, in a very brief sequence showing Noah off at war with Patton's Third Army, he barely bats an eye when his best friend is killed. What was that all about? Finally, the Hollywood ending, written by a screenwriter who must have wet him/herself out of giddiness in the melodrama of the moment, was absurd. Under the circumstances, such a passing is a good trick if one can pull it off, but it's sadly not the case, I fear, for most people in Real Life. Just ask Nancy Reagan.<p>I doubt that THE NOTEBOOK will receive any Oscar nominations, except for perhaps adapted screenplay (from the novel). But the admission price is still money well spent if you're weary of special FX-laden silliness and you want to see a couple of aging pros, Garner and Rowlands, before they, too, leave us. And girls, take an entire box of Kleenex.
This screen adaptation of Nicholas Sparks' bestseller is a deeply emotional story of young love, the process of maturity, the crucial choices in our lives, and the frailty of old age.  I have not read the book, and thus cannot comment upon the fealty of this film to Sparks' manuscript, but its emotional tone and import is certainly consistent with his other works with which I am familiar. In the opening scene we meet Duke (James Garner), who resides in a nursing home and apparently spends most of his time befriending another resident there, Allie Calhoun (Gena Rowlands), who is captivated by a 1940's story of young love which he reads in installments to her from THE NOTEBOOK which is his constant companion. Allie is suffering from some variety of dementia and these interludes provide some small comfort to an otherwise apparently colorless and bland existence.<p>The moviegoer is then transported to the 1940's, and the relatively brief appearances of the elderly Duke's and Allie alternate within the film with the enactment of the story contained in THE NOTEBOOK. That story is centered in Seabrook, N.C., where a local young man named Noah Calhoun (Ryan Gosling) is captivated by a beautiful summer visitor from Charleston named Allie Hamilton (Rachel McAdams). (Of course, the viewer immediately wonders if indeed this notebook contains the story of the elderly Allie's life, and if so what part Duke will play.) As you no doubt have guessed, since this is an old fashioned romance they eventually fall in love. The relationship is eventually ended by Allie's mother Anne (wonderfully played by Joan Allen), who, in order to separate her society daughter from the local boy whose career aspirations are success in the local lumberyard, forces an early family return to Charleston to prepare for Allie's freshman year at college. (Do not judge Anne Hamilton too early in this film, however!) <p>The war years intervene, and Noah, with the help of his poetry loving small town father Frank (Sam Shepard) who has taught him to appreciate the beauty of Walt Whitman's work, withdraws into himself and concentrates on the restoration of the tumbledown waterfront mansion that he had once hoped to share with Allie. Meanwhile, she meets and gradually becomes attracted to a wounded veteran, Lon ( James Marsden); since he is both handsome and rich their eventual marriage seems preordained. However, fate intervenes with a wonderfully deft touch and suddenly the lives of Allie and Noah intersect again. We then watch as Allie is forced to decide whether someone can recapture their past or if only the memories remain after the fork in the road has been taken? Her dilemma is clear, Lon is the apparent right choice, yet - her wonderful interlude with Noah never had a proper conclusion.<p>This is a movie to attend when you want to bathe in your sentimentality, yet there are enough bittersweet moments to keep the viewer from being overwhelmed by the sickly sweetness that often is the result of such cinematic ventures. The acting is excellent, the story is told with restraint, and the cinematography is wonderful. My favorite visual scene was when Noah takes Allie out in a boat on the lake to his secret spot with all the swans; I found it breathtakingly beautiful. Interestingly enough, despite the film's two hour length most of the audience stayed in their seats talking or contemplating the conclusion when it ended and the credits rolled. Why not five stars? Two reasons, first, I am not sure that the movie quite achieves my usual criteria for that rating, wanting to own the DVD and view it multiple times. Second, I found the conclusion a little too contrived in an attempt to bring closure to both the characters and the audience. One final note, read the inscription on the flyleaf of THE NOTEBOOK carefully at the conclusion, it completely explains the origin and its power to entrance Allie.(...)
I got to see the sneak preview of this movie this past Saturday (6/12/04) and I absolutely loved it.  I've seen Ryan Gosling on television before (Breaker High), but I hadn't seen Rachel McAdams until now.  Their characters were so real and so believable.  Even though the end may be predictable, this film lacks the typical structure of most romantic movies I've seen.  It was interesting to see how the characters evolved and came together.  <p>The film begins with James Garner reading pages out of a notebook to alzheimer(?) patient Gena Rowlands.  As the story unfolds, we meet Allie and Noah.  Allie comes from a wealthy Southern family.  Noah works in the lumber yard.  We see their joys as well as their struggles.  Though they seem like complete opposites, they fall in love only to be torn apart when Noah leaves for World War 2 and Allie becomes engaged to another man. <p>I won't spoil the ending, but the two lovers reunite and Allie is faced with the decision of whether to keep her promise to her fiance or to go back to the man she left behind.
OK, so this one is aiming squarely at the "tearjerker" crowd, which isn't necessarily a bad thing.  A disclaimer though, while writing this review, I have hidden my laminated man card in our personal safe and locked it and hidden the key.  I have had a few punches taken out of the said 'man card' and if witnessed writing a review on the "notebook," giving it four stars, no doubt the man card police would show up at the door while writing, with the hole punch in hand and demand forfeiture of said man card.  Don't worry!  I think I'm safe.<br /><br />Now back to Nick Cassavete's "The Notebook."  The plot line is acted well enough by some engaging newcomer actors, Ryan Gosling and Rachel McAdams, as the young couple Noah and Allison who fall deeply and madly in love one summer and are split apart by families, distance, socio-economic castes, etcetera.  Much zaniness ensues and in the end what do you know...it becomes a movie about love and of all things aging.  Gosling is kind of like a cross between Matthew McConaughey circa "How to Lose a Guy in 10 days," and Brad Pitt in "Legends of a Fall."  McAdams is Mc-beautiful, charming, engaging, and laughs quite well.  Yep...I've fallen in love but so does Noah and that is what the story of "The Notebook," is all about my friends.<br /><br />So, the flick sometimes borderlines on the edge of cheesiness and over-sentimentality but if one loosens up slightly I think girls and a few guys out there will enjoy it.  Grant it, you aren't going to be inviting your friends over with a case of bud light to watch it for guy's night but hey...try it out on Valentine's Day or an anniversary with your significant or insignificant other and wallah...the movie works some magic.<br /><br />What elevated this one to four stars is that Cassavete's has a way with the camera.  There really is some beautiful cinematography in "The Notebook."  It's appealing to the eye.  I also like the way the movie focuses on the issue of aging and how the power of love trumps all, even father time's brushstroke on those we love.<br /><br />Watch "The Notebook," preferably with your honey, honey you won't be sorry. --mmw
Everyone has different reasons for watching movies. There are ones with violence, ones with romance, ones with mystery, and ones with deep meaning. You sometimes pay for a movie not knowing what you will get to see. I didn't know anything about The Notebook prior to walking into the movie theatre. All I knew is I wanted something nice.<br /><br />I sat in a mostly full theatre watching this movie. Watching these actors that have been on screen many times before, watching them tell a story. Nothing struck me more than just how this was life. There was a story, one about love, but real love. The kind I watched my grandparents share and when I said my wedding vows I knew I wanted for myself. The colors in this movie, the sentiments, the feeling swept through me like I was there. I finished watching this movie with tears falling down my cheeks. Embarrassed, I looked around for a way to duck out before anybody thought I was a foolish woman for crying. But everyone else in the theatre was crying too. Even the men were wiping tears from their eyes. Husbands held their wives and girlfriends nodded in understanding. I knew then I was not alone. I haven't been so moved since watching Bridges of Madison County. I told my husband later I wish he had been there to see it. I said, everything I ever wanted out of my life with him was there, the good and the bad.<br /><br />I anxiously awaited for this movie to come out on DVD and it seems now it's been postponed until February of 2005. I will have to wait longer to buy a copy of this movie...a movie I fell in love with one summer day.
This is the kind of film where you cringe at one moment from the stilted dialogue and then burst into tears over a love that knows no bounds the next moment.<br /><br />The story of young lovers forced apart by social class isn't new to literature or film and it's handled here with little regard to wanting to add anything new to the genre.  The young lovers are played well enough by Gosling and MacAdams, who are nice looking and affable, but their cringe-inducing dialogue and teen angst-like behaviors get in the way of their acting abilities and the enjoyment of the story.  It was all rather unbearable to start.  This first third of the film nearly had me shut the DVD off, but the juxtaposed storyline of an older couple, terrifically played by Garner and Rowlands, was so well written and acted that they alone kept me interested in where the story might go and how the two couples might be connected.<br /><br />The second third of the film focuses on both moving on after a break up and yet still not letting go (do we ever really?).  All the characters grow and develop into believable people and we sincerely care about them.  Both the young lovers and the elderly couple are faced with moving on without their significant other and they are juxtaposed brilliantly here.  The storyline begins to take better shape, but it is still riddled with cliches and it still suffers from a bit of over acting by the young lovers; however, the improvements are significant in this second act.<br /><br />The third and final act beautifully ties up the film and I really shouldn't discuss it and spoil the impact it will have on you should you manage to get past the awful first act of this film.  This is one of those rare films where the ending portion truly does make up for any prior ills the film contained.  The acting by both Garner and Rowlands in the final segments of the film are one of the most touching I have ever seen on film and my own eyes fill up with tears just thinking of them.<br /><br />My wife and I met when we were a mere 19 years old and with us now in our mid 40's we have come to so appreciate the value of our shared life.  We have both experienced the tragic possibilities of living a life without the other several times, and those moments were eye-opening and frightening.  Nothing can take the place of a life built together.  Nothing can take the place of memories.  Nothing can take the place of a deep love, and although we may be able to fall in love numerous times in our lives, nothing takes the place of being with the one person you always knew you were meant to be with for life. I know I'm as cliche-ridden right now as much of this film had been for me, but cliches became such because they do reveal truths.  This film, although flawed at times, contains some of the great truths about love.<br /><br />Although this is an enormously uneven film with its teen angst, cliche-ridden, over-acted first third, it is followed by a more believable and better organized second third, and a final third that is unbearably touching, compassionate, and completely unforgettable.  I can't think of too many films that had an ending that moved me as much as this one did.  The final third makes up for any sins of the first third and that makes this one film you really must see.
This film stars Ryan Gosling as Noah and Rachel Mc Adams (The hot chick, Mean girls.) The film is funny, sad and thought provoking all at the smae time. It sends out a brilliant message that anyone can relate to. It is the best love story I have ever seen and it deserves to be remembered as 'a true mother-daughter movie, no matter what the age.' Much better than Titanic and a movie I will be sharing with others.
The Notebook is a gorgeous movie, beautifully shot by Robert Fraisse and wonderfully directed by Nick Cassavetes. The film sports a terrific cast, including the likes of Ryan Gosling (superbly underrated), Rachel McAdams (on her way to becoming a star) and the brilliance of James Garner, Gena Rowlands (Nick's mother!!!), Joan Allen, and Sam Shepard. These actors are blessed with a director who knows how to work with them, bringing out fantastic performances from each and every performer, secondary and otherwise.<br /><br />It's a classic story of a love lost and later found, done to death in other films, but here, it works better than most. Based on Nicholas Sparks' 1996 best-seller, The Notebook revolves around the tale an elderly man (James Garner) who reads aloud to a confused woman (Gena Rowlands) who's confined to a nursing home. Though she's removed from reality by her fleeting, faded memory, she's obviously intrigued by the romance he relates. That romance begins in 1940, as 17 year-old Allie Hamilton (Rachel McAdams), a wealthy girl from Charleston, meets 19 year-old Noah Calhoun (Ryan Gosling), a local boy, at a Carnival. Impetuously, he implores her to go out with him and pesters her until she agrees. Sparks ignite the intense, overwhelming passion of their idyllic relationship. Horrified that her debutante daughter will wind up with a lumber mill worker, Allie's mother (Joan Allen) whisks her away to college. Allie's and Noah's lives take different directions during World War II., but memories linger and, seven years later, their paths cross again. <p>The film does have its share of problems and can be overly sentimental at times, but they are minor quibbles that can be easily overlooked. Overall, it is a breathtaking film, emotional and powerful from the first frame to the last. The scenery is breathtaking, the costumes are perfection, and the actors become their roles, adding to the realism and emotion. It is one of the best romantic dramas to come out in years. But be warned: for those who have a heart, be ready to WEEP!
THE NOTEBOOK truly has to be one of the most romantic love stories ever told. It reminds you that true love is everlasting, is enduring, can come from the strangest places & can make you do crazy things, but most importantly, when you share the kind of love that Noah & Alli did, love can do anything you want it to - even create miracles.<p>I loved all the characters, but Ryan Gosling & Rachel McAdams had the best on-screen chemistry I have seen in a long time. They look awesome together, & they are both AmAzInG actors. Ryan Gosling usually plays dark, intense characters in films such as MURDER BY NUMBERS & THE BELIEVER, and we've seen Rachel McAdams play snobby, prissy roles in films such as MEAN GIRLS & THE HOT CHICK. Though both new to the "romantic" role, they were perfect for their parts. The setting was perfect as well. It was so beautiful, & s0o0o romantic! Also, James Garner & Gena Rowlands portray the sick, aging old couple that is still madly in love wonderfully.<p>This movie is one of the best I have ever seen, & I plan to see it again & buy the DVD when it is released. It will make you both laugh & cry (bring LoTs of kleenex!). Knowing that this story came from the story of Spark's wife's grandparents' love story, it makes you realize that a lot of fiction comes from real experiences, and that true, enduring love is very real. The film's message was so deep & genuine that you can't help but feel as though you're a part of the story.  I highly recommend it, as well as the book (I must add that Noah Calhoun is the BeSt character Nicholas Sparks has ever created, & he has created some pretty great characters!). Both are well worth every penny that you spend! :-)
Summer is the breeding ground of the summer film: they're generally harmless eye candy -- nary a lesson to be found or a point to be made that can't be summed up in one or two sentences -- and they're quickly rushed to the rental rack in hopes of keeping the money rolling in, despite some great box office grosses.<p>THE NOTEBOOK -- as it deals with the strikingly poignant love of two star-crossed teens as well as two nearly-over-the-hill seasoned citizens -- is about as good a romance as you'll find these days: it has moments of tantalizing intimacy; it has genuine emotion and pure heart in its veins; and it teaches a lesson to all of us ... that love transcends life itself if you'll allow yourself to give in to its unflinching demands.  The performances -- by the young and the old -- are filled with a kind of cinema magic, captured with an auteur's true gifts by director Nick Cassavettes.<p>However, I think this film was poorly slated for release during the summer months.  While teenage girls flocked to a film like TITANIC seventeen times in a row, they should equally flock to THE NOTEBOOK, a story that deals largely with identical themes but doesn't descend into the typical film-event-of-the-year formula.  Were this film better position and/or better marketed, it would have a chance to find the audience it deserves.<p>Sadly, much like love, this little gem will quite possibly go unexplored ... until it finds a long and happy shelf life on DVD or home video.
This is the best movie ever! As soon as it was over, I wanted to see it again. The actors and actresses did wonderfully, and I really loved the whole thing!<br />I give this movie 10/5 stars! (double the best)
Ryan Gosling is an incredible actor. I was extremely impressed with his natural ability and intense focus in every scene. Plus, the cinematography was beautiful.<br />Another giant perk was the CHEMISTRY between Ryan Gosling and Rachel McAdams! THey couldn't have cast it better.<p>and.... man. the story. ohhh, the story the story the story. It's the kind of thing all of us just wish could happen to us.... ahhh. <p>I think what hit me the most about that movie was the fact that I'd never seen anything in a movie where the emotions felt so ... real. And no one, especially nowadays, seems to believe in the possibility of something like that existing, or lasting.<p>This movie is 100% worth your time and money.
Veteran James Garner turns in a "noteworthy" performance in this so-far underappreciated drama that boasts impressive acting debuts for youths Ryan Gosling and Rachel McAdams. It just seems like, in this 21st Century, the accepted way to follow a premise like this one would involve a long, lost e-mail, instead of an old-fashioned, hand-written message. And, if not that, we would expect the overused and altogether unrealistic message in a bottle that gets thrown into the ocean to be used in a similar way (most recently in a Kevin Costner film from about four to six years back), but thanks to the new film, "The Notebook," we're given a fresh new slant on such a plot. I don't want to give anything away that would limit your viewing pleasure, but I will say that the main attraction in "The Notebook" involves a couple that unites in a genuine fashion. Lately, it seems to me like there have been a lot of movies that have superficial and unconvincing relationships. The way the two people meet is genuine and original. The notebook itself almost reminds me of the Simpsons episode where Mr. Burns loses Rosebud after growing up with it. This movie has a positive message, too. By the way, it's not a "chick flick."
I can't really give this more than two stars, for several reasons. For one thing it gratuituously tells us repeatedly that a romantic couple who are its subject didn't get along, not to mention that how their romance started in the first place is improbable and hokey to the hilt. It even throws in some disappointing scens of ugly fighting to prove its gratuitous point that the couple didn't get along. But the main reasons why this movie is overall disappointing relate to a central secret, concealed for a while. But the secret becomes all too obvious by at least halfway through the movie. Then the movie becomes overlong, ponderous, and sourly sentimental.<br /><br />But the silver lining to this cloud is how the movie brilliantly showcases the stunning talents of Rachel McAdams. May she go on to exercise those talents fruitfully in many a movie, unlike all to many contemporary actresses! She puts herself so completely into her role herein as to resemble in no way her villainous but equally well-acted Regina George. How refreshingly versatile in an age when we have actresses like Ashley Judd, who seems to insist on always playing essentially the same obnoxious "ball-buster" in all her movies! I can't remember another case of a performer taking on such divergent roles as Rachel McAdams has in her last two movies, so as to challenge audiences to believe they are actually watching the same actress in both. I hope the movie-making world fittingly values her talents and does not let them be wasted. But that is iffy in a world and age where an actress such as Kirsten Dunst can go from a performance that should have won an Oscar in DROP DEAD GORGEOUS to being so gratuitously and egregiously de-flowered in THE VIRGIN SUICIDES and then to doing little else than fluff in anything since. May Rachel fare much better than that!
Every once in a while, a movie comes along that should be schmaltzy and beneath you, but ends up being a totally, surprisingly, guilty pleasure (I WILL review Titanic one of these days, when I get up the nerve). The Notebook is my very wonderful, totally guilty pleasure. I will also make a case for it being possibly the movie of a generation and possibly a movie headed to becoming a classic in film.<br /><br />To go over the story once again at this point, would be boringly redundant. I'm doing this review many years after its release. But as I was going through my recommendations for ratings, I stopped here and decided it was time to give this beautiful movie its due.<br /><br />First of all, I am not a fan of Nicholas Sparks' books. No offense intended here because opinions are all relative and I know he has a huge fan following. I have read several of his books and have found them to be just a bit too simple and in need of a grammar lesson for me. The movies made from many of his books are worse and maybe eventually I will review one of them. But it is so much more fun, for me, to give the good reviews. I never read the book this movie is based on, so this review is strictly on the movie as it stands.<br /><br />The Notebook, as a story, is brilliant. From the moment it starts with Duke, played with a heartbreaking sensitivity I'm not sure I've ever seen from the wonderful James Garner, wandering around in his nursing home, smiling at his friends and joking with the staff. It's a little confusing because we aren't let in on the depth of his suffering and the center of the story yet. *SPOILER ALERT* There will be spoiler alerts from here on out, but if you haven't seen or read this yet, get out from under your rock AND DO SO! I think the beauty of this movie starts at the beginning because we love Duke immediately. There is no building of a relationship. It just is. We also learn pretty much right out the door that his beloved wife also lives in the nursing home with him, but in another room because she is in the end stages of Alzheimer's Disease, the 5th largest killer of the world's population. That this movie shows explicitly the horror and agony of Alzheimer's for both the caretaker/lifetime partner, and the family surrounding them is an incredible bit of public service very necessary and appreciated by those touched by this evil disease. However, the beauty of this story is that at the center of it, is a love story so powerful, so touching, and, as we learn, so surprising, that the disease, while an evil villain, is only a facet of the story.<br /><br />For me, the movie starts when the story becomes about Noah Calhoun, played by Ryan Gosling in, to me, one of his best acting parts (and I've seen too many of his movies), who meets the young and beautiful Allie, played by Rachel McAdams in, to me, one of HER best acting parts. Their romance is wonderful, fun, funny, lighthearted, everything most women dream about who want love, have loved, or have love in their lives. The love story isn't atypical of most love stories written and acted for centuries. But this one is touching in its portrayal of the depth and breadth of its intensity. Most love stories today, include a plethora of sex scenes to punctuate the depth of feeling. This story doesn't need it. It is implied as well as portrayed, but manages to show decades of love as a reality and not a fantasy. We do learn, of course, that this is the life love story of Duke and his beloved Allie, but not right away. And I think that lag is a brilliant part of the story woven here that attracted me and so many people.<br /><br />The Notebook is as beautiful in story as a breathtaking painting is to those who gaze upon it. Each stroke is carefully placed, each color chosen to accentuate what are the most important aspects the artist wants portrayed. From the moment The Notebook opens to the closing scene, I cannot find one stroke out of place. One color that doesn't blend in perfectly with the scenery on the canvas.<br /><br />I am a person who does not like sad endings to any story. But in The Notebook, once again, the portrait of the relationship between Duke and his Allie is perfect. No other ending would do. Yes, it is sad. But as a painting can also be excruciating in it's honesty and painfulness, so, too, is the ending of this movie.<br /><br />The Notebook is simply not just a love story. Love stories abound in the world of fiction told in many shapes and forms. I have to make a little observation here that today, we see the proliferation of what is called erotic romance. Fantasy romance. Supernatural romance. And while I am not normally a fan of romance books, preferring thrillers and a good mystery, there are few stories today that can compare with The Notebook. I believe it will enter the realm of a classic romance along with the Bronte sisters who wrote so few books, but each one was like a portrait described above. These stories are rare and beautiful and are meant to expand our hearts and souls. They are meant not to titillate to read and be forgotten within minutes, but to savor for a lifetime. I haven't seen The Notebook in at least 7 years and yet, what I have written has been from memory. A book, a movie, a portrait that stays with you, that you will remember for a lifetime. I would encourage all of you to watch this movie, even the men here, if you have not already done so. It wouldn't hurt to watch or read Jane Eyre or Wuthering Heights as well. For those who might not understand why these stories resonate - all of them - even today, it wouldn't hurt you to do some research. While contemporary romance is exciting and sexual, I doubt they will hold up for centuries. I believe The Notebook, as movie or book, will be around far longer and will stand up with Jane Eyre and Wuthering Heights as a beautiful portrait does, for many, many years. DO please watch this movie and keep your mind and especially your heart open because beauty, while being in the eye of the beholder, can move even the hardest of hearts.
One of the best movies i  have had the pleasure of watching.  The actors couldnt have been better chosen for the parts they played. You really need to pay attention to the whole story so that you truly understand the ending, which was a real tear jerker but it was so well done that it really keeps you actually thinking  and dreaming that life could actually end that way if you have been in a relationship with a spouse that had lasted a lifetime.....which mine has and it was also filmed in beautiful locations in the southern lowcountry of sc, which of course is where our home is as well. I am homebound and watch dozens of movies everyday.... this is definately a five stars. Usually i end up watching mostly old movies, and the classics because they just arent making movies with a good storyline or any substance like they use to.<br />When i find a really great one, it gets watched alot! This will leave you feeling warm.
My gf pretty much forced me to watch this flick with her and I resented every minute of it. If you're a guy, I would highly advise against watching this movie. Very sappy.
I saw this movie when it first came out and loved it instantly.....I am the daughter of a couple who have been married 60 years and I must say when I watched this movie, it reminded me of my parents love for each other through all the trials, tribulations, joys, and adventures of life...Two years ago, my mom was diagnosed with Alzheimer's, and my dad is determined to take care of her until the very end....Now, everytime I see this movie, it reminds me of the true meaning of being married "for better or worse, for richer or poor, in sickness and in health" and the committment of true love through the ages!!!!
As beautiful as spring is this movie! I was and still am utterly fasinated by this dvd from amazon.com Consequently, I watch it over and over! They were young and so in love, and then old, in the end no matter the circumstances...Love never really dies!I cried, I laughed, I smiled sometimes I wrinkled my nose and then later laughed outloud.It is a movie for people of all ages. You will find you can relate also, if not, you will not have your notebook! I have mine, and I am 78 years old. Start writing!
This is an endearing movie and a wonderful love story. Noah and Allie are two lovers torn apart by World War II and financial differences. At first things don't click but Noah keeps pushing. One look at Allie and he knows she's the one he wants for the rest of his life. He shows her things she couldn't imagine or appreciate until he stepped into her life.<br /><br />Soon enough they are crazy for each other and are practically inseparable. But throughout the movie, you follow their doomed love story. Allie's leaving tears Noah apart. He writes to her everyday for a year, however, her mother who doesn't approve of Noah, hides the letters from her, thinking she is protecting her. Allie, hurt from the absence of letters, assumes Noah doesn't love her anymore. She goes off and finds someone else to love. Coincidentally Noah sees them together after all his hard work on the house she said they could live in. He built it to every word she said.<br /><br />Then, as Allie is finding a wedding dress, she sees the house, so perfect, in the newspaper and faints. She visits Noah and you can probably guess what happens next in this love story that will touch your heart. This is a movie for the ages, destined to be remembered as fondly as Casablanca is today. I just loved it.
This is one you will want for your library to spend time with like old friend.  Love and pain, cause that's what they do...........argue and love.  Touching and emotional and fun, all wrapped up together.
BEST MOVIE EVER. I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS MOVIE TO EVERY GIRL (AND EVERY GUY) WHO LOVES MOVIES!!!  RYAN GOSLING AND RACHEL MCADAMS HAVE AMAZING CHEMISTRY BTW
Touching and sweet, even as a guy I thought this movie was good.  The movie is well-written and Ryan Gosling and Rachel McAdams make a very believable onscreen couple.  A great love story that is sure to turn anyone misty eyed.  See it, you won't be disappointed.
This story is sure to make you grab for a tissue. For anyone who has found a soulmate this movie will hit emotional buttons.  A wonderful story within a story and well worth watching.
I loved Noah's devotion to her especially all the way to the end of their lives.  Very touching.  I've watched it twice and cried both times. =)  It's best to watch it with the lights off, your phones off and no distractions.
This is a great story; of course it isn't better than the book but I really recommend this DVD to everyone who enjoys seeing romance stories.<br /><br />I also recommend that you read 'The Notebook', 'Message in a Bottle', 'A Walk to Remember', and 'The Rescue' by Nicholas Sparks.<br /><br />Take my word, his books are awesome.
I loved the scene near the beginning where Noah hangs by one hand high up on the ferris wheel, refusing to grab on with his other hand until Allie agrees to go out with him. Obviously I don't want my boys to copy that behavior (nor do I want them copying other behaviors shown in the movie, such as laying down in the middle of an intersection) but there is a desperate passion on display here and throughout the movie. Near the end of the movie we see the inside of the notebook, where Allie has written, "Read this to me, and I'll come back to you." I think this is a good analogy with God's "notebook," the Bible, where I can imagine God saying to us, "Read this from me, and you'll come back to me."
The Notebook is an absolute MUST see for ANYBODY with a heart, or even just a bit of romanticism in their bones. I joined Netflix and ordered it first, and watched it 5 times in 5 days before returning it. Then decided I HAD to have a copy of my own, so I purchased one on here (Amazon). The acting is superb, the storyline is even better, and it just brings a warm, fuzzy feeling to your entire body. I even cried each time, at the end. I couldn't understand all the "hoopla" that was abound when the movie first came out, but now I know. I'm a 51 yr. old, "tough guy", ex-athlete... and I LOVED it. So forget the "chick-flick" barrier guys, you've GOT to see this movie. I'd now put this in my Top 3 of all time movies.
An old man in a nursing home reads a story to an old woman each day. The story he reads follows two young lovers named Allie Hamilton and Noah Calhoun. They met one evening at a carnival many years ago. Allie's parents separate Noah and Allie. They disapprove of Noah's lack of wealth, and move Allie away. After waiting for Noah to write her for several years, Allie meets and becomes engaged to a handsome young soldier named Lon. In a local newspaper, Noah's picture catches Allie's eye. He is standing in front of a fully restored, 200 year old home. The article is filled with praise for his accomplishments. Allie's heart nearly bursts. The last time she saw this house it was a rotted decaying shamble. She stood enfolded in Noah's arms in the great entryway and listened to his plans to buy and restore this house. Just the way she wanted it. With her love for Noah still alive, the picture pulls at her heart. She has to go back, see if Noah is okay, and tell him about her marriage. They both think the echo deep in their hearts, the one that has lasted all these years, is not shared by the other. The cry they could not stifle. It wasn't over for me. This movie will keep you guessing at the outcome, and delivered twists throughout the whole movie. The Notebook is extremely well constructed, and a truly remarkable movie.
Husbands, this movie along with a glass or two of good Merlot is all you need to score well tonight and probably for the next week. Yeah, she'll be sobbing at the end of the movie, but once she's done you'll achieve two accomplishments: 1) She'll give you great love for the next several days and 2) You'll be able to buy that new shotgun, motorcycle, or boat that she's been reluctant to release the funds for. This movie has a magical way of loosening up the purse strings for nondiscretionary spending.
Received item in the condition described and in a timely manner.  I would do business with this vendor again .
Movie was interesting and revealing for a love story.<br />Not a bad 'chick flick' even if your a guy.
I loved this movie. I watched it so much that I had to buy a new copy of it on DVD. I love how it sets place during World War 2 and I believe everyone would love to experience a love like the one they have.
Nice old fashioned sappy love story.  None of the characters are truly unlikable except for one, but even she has a redemption of sorts. This is a good movie to watch around the holidays because it's really not based in reality, but who the hell cares? Definitely worth watching.
With over 250 reviews, most of which lovingly describing the plot and shouting praises for the Actors, screenplay, sets and everything else worth mentioning (of which there are many); I am straying a bit from the regular outline for reviews.  I hope the folks who review the reviews (before publishing them here) have a little patience with me.<br /><br />I am an over 60 male who absolutely loved this film.  It's been a while since I have had the enjoyment from a newly made film of this category of entertainment.  I refer to that category as: "loving human reality."  I imagine that younger audiences would think of it as silly, old fashioned and dull.  No thrills, no chills.  No frontal nudity.  No gore or blood dripping from the scenery.  Could love be love without all the confrontations, horrible language, backstabbing and general, all around hostility and negativity?<br /><br />I think love can simply be love.  That's the reason I loved this film.  Am I dating myself?  Yes, but I don't care.<br /><br />"Why ask for the moon when we have the stars?"  (thanks BD)
this movie stayed in my mind longer than any scary movie can or ever will. beautifully filmed, amazing actors, there's seriously no flaws in this movie. but if you watch the deleted scenes, i really wish they would've kept the scene where ally tells noah to read her the notebook everyday so she can come back to him. makes my heart cringe. &lt;/3
One of the best movies I've ever seen. I just bought my third copy as a gift for friends.
This is one of my favorite movies. I've seen it soooo many times and it still makes me cry :-)
THIS IS AN AWESOME MOVIE....ONE OF MY FAVORITES THAT I COULD NOT BE WITHOUT IN MY COLLECTION! A FAVORITE!!
my movie arrived in just a few days and its a wonderful movie...i am glad to add it to my library..thank you
You won't regret the money you spend on this.  I thought menopause had dried me up inside, but after I watched this, I feel the seeds of life inside me again.  It was amazing.
I really loved this movie and since I loved the other movie that he made I had to get this I really wanted to watch this from start to finish it took me two days to finish but it was a very good movie he did a great job on it and it came in quick too thanks
Films that succeed beyond understanding in their brilliance are few and far between and there are many films that come pretty close. The Notebook is such a movie.<br /><br />Ryan Gosling's acting in this movie is outstanding and is convincing as a period actor and someone who can hold your attention and emote real feelings. I was expecting most of the actors to have looks on their faces as if they just stepped out of the mall like in so many other modern films, whether they be period costume drama, or no.<br /><br />The downfall of The Notebook was the abysmal score that not only seemed absent but improperly planted `hit' music along the way. I was blown away by how bad the music was in this film that I quickly realized that it was harming the viewing experience. The music in films like this is absolutely important and keeps the brain fully engaged at all the right moments so that those profound moments don't get lost in a `let down'. Ryan Gosling's speech to Rachel McAdams at the car towards the end about `Do me a favour, just picture your life forty years from now ...' is magnificent but is chopped at the knees by any real emotional pull that the music is supposed to deliver.<br /><br />This is a minor point to some, but if you're a person, like me, who pays a great deal of attention to music in all films, it's not such a small thing by any means. Casablanca is burned into the minds of most of us because of `As Time Goes By', and it's just a fact. Nico Muhly's scoring on the more modern `The Reader', tells us that these ideas about music and film being deeply connected still hold true and should be respected.<br /><br />Whoever was responsible for the score here, and according to IMDb it's someone named Aaron Zigman, I don't think I'd ever hire this person to work on any film, nor would I look forward to anything he's involved in either. You can also add Paul Broucek's name to that list as he was the Producer that gave the go ahead for these decisions. Just absolutely depressing without doubt. How sad.<br /><br />Minus two for the lack of musical direction. Brilliant writing and fine acting.<br /><br />...
Cassandra Aminto<br />Block 3<br /><br />"If your a bird, then I'm a bird"-Noah, The Notebook. The Notebook is a story of how true love has it's up's and down's but if it's real then it can overcome anything. Our story begins with Noah, a boy whose family isn't the wealthiest, and Allie, a girl who comes from money, sharing a beautiful summer romance. Unfortunately, good things don't always last, and it all works out UNTIL the end of the summer. Allie is going away too New York to college and Noah says he will wait for her. But in that time span, Noah was recruited for the Military and sent off too war. Allie volunteered to be an assistant for wounded soldiers, and she meets another man. They fall in love and plan to get married, but Allie finally see's Noah has kept a long promise. What is the promise? And what will Allie do, be with her true love Noah or go a separate way? This is defiantly focused towards females, but it keeps your attention with the love and passion. If a couple watched this together you could pull males towards this too. That is why The Notebook is a fantastic movie.
This is the way love should be....real, honest, tender, lifelong no matter what life brings our way.  It was heart warming to the end.
I LOVE LOVE STORY'S AND THIS MOVIE IS THE BEST MOVIE I HAVE EVER SEEN...NO LIE!!! I LOVE THIS MOVIE SO MUCH YOU CAN WATCH IT WITH YOUR HUSBAND AND I BET HE WILL LOVE IT 2!!!! THIS IS SUCH A GOOD MOVIE...IT'S SO CLASSIC THIS IS THE TYPE OF MOVIE WHERE YOU IMAGINE THAT YOU ARE THE GIRL LOL! IT'S SO AWESOME! I CANT STOP TALKING ABOUT IT! READER GET THIS MOVIE YOU WILL NOT REGRET IT.
The Notebook is an old-school romantic movie based on the age-old dilemma - rich girl, poor guy. Midway through the movie, we have the spanner in the works thrown by the rich guy (`Southern money'). The movie is all about how the poor guy wins her back. But it is told in flashback form, via a Notebook read by James Garner, who is really Noah (the male lead) in old age. The love of his life, the rich girl in the flashback scenes, now suffers from memory loss and Noah hopes to revive her memory by reading the memoirs. There is one particularly effective sequence, where she suddenly remembers Noah and then forgets him just seconds later. The ending could have been better, but movies do take liberties with what happens in real life. This movie also reminds me of Away from Her, a recent Canadian movie that runs along similar lines, in which Julie Christie's character suffers from memory loss.<br />Even more than the storyline itself, what you will remember afterwards is the care taken to recreate 40s America. Costumes, shops, streets, cars, houses are all authentically recreated to the point that you instantly know it depicts an era gone by. The settings are incredibly vivid and colorful in the blu-ray edition. The lake scenes have been beautifully shot.<br />This is a movie that men can easily relate to, though there is a notion that romantic movies are mainly aimed at women. This is a movie for all those who love life. There are ups and downs in our lives, but love will often find a way. The Notebook will rekindle the flames of romance in your heart. It is a good story well told, and an ideal way to spend a lazy afternoon or evening. It deserves to be seen.
I purchased this movie based on the high star reviews. It was surpringly better than what I had anticipated. The storyline is easy to follow and Rachel McAdams is a wonderful actress. Glad I purchased this movie.
AN ABSOLUTE BEAUTIFUL movie. I will always remember this movie forever. When i am in my death bed, this is the movie that i want to watch. It's just an absolute investment to your heart and your soul.<br /><br />All the guys that i know that have watched this movie have loved it!<br /><br />THIS A MUST SEE FILM!!!!!!<br /><br />i cannot stress this enough
I never really bought into the Harlequin Romance love story between simple country boy Ryan Gosling and hot rich babe Rachel McAdams. His totally psycho opening move of climbing up a Ferris Wheel and threatening suicide in order to coerce a date from this babe, who didn't know him from Gomer Pyle, was laughable. Most babes would've told him to go ahead and jump -- or even helped pry his psycho fingers from the bar. Thus, the beginning of the love story is simply unbelievable. As it yet somehow progresses, it's also totally overblown and far too animated. However, the movie is very nicely filmed and does manage, in spite of its chick flick roots, to evoke some genuine emotion -- mostly from the James Garner-Gena Rowlands end of things. I watched this with my 20 year old daughter, who loved it, while I was mostly just shaking my head and smiling to myself.
This is a beautiful love story about a man who loves his wife even though she sometimes doesn't know who he is.  I hope my husband loves me if I get Alzheimer's and stays by my side as he did.  The beginning love story was great but the ending was beautiful.
I didn't see this when it was in theaters. I did catch a chopped up version on TV and decided to order it. I lost my mother last year, and this movie helped me cope. It's a beautiful story, and wonderfully done. The cast is great, and I can't think of anyone better to play the older lovers than James Garner and Gena Rowlands. They played this so well. It's one of my all time favorite movies.
Well..I was first advised by my little sister,Rachael, to watch this amazing film. She's 16 and she saw the movie with her friends. Well, I found out that the movie was going to play one night on ABC Family and I planned to watch it then. I watched it and I must say I was shocked! The story was so heartfelt and Allie and Noah seemed to be meant for each other. You can see the chemistry and the oneness of their relationship! The Bible says that a man and woman were meant to be one and well Allie and Noah truly displayed that oneness!<br /><br />The movie made me wonder if I'll have an everlasting love relationship like them. I'm dating someone now and our relationship has lasted for a year and two months so far. It's going on three!Anyway, my mother was with me and she said that Rachel Mcadams and Ryan Gosling were good actors and I agreed! This film is truly for any romantic, one that desires true,everlasting love or one that hopes that their own relationship progresses into that.I'm just now reading the book to this film because if the movie was that good and it was done in two hours then the book is wonderful as well. I know that the book and the movie is something I'll be reading and watching over and over again to remind myself of the pleasures of true love that I want so much for myself.<br /><br />I watched this film again with my grandmother and she believed that the movie displayed what true love is and it means staying with someone for the rest of your life. That's what Noah showed in his relationship with Allie. She was the only girl he ever loved and that's basically what love supposed to be for men and women, not going from one lover to the next.Even when Noah was with another woman, Martha, in the film when he couldn't be with Allie, he didn't feel the same love for Martha as he did for Allie.For me, I hope I'll have someone that will stay forever with me. Now,I don't have a copy of this film yet but I plan on buying it soon and as for the the book, I'm going out to Barnes and Noble to buy it! Right now, I just borrowed it in the meantime from the library. So..buy this film! You won't regret it!
An excellent movie that really touches the heart.  All people<br />who have Alzheimer's Disease affecting family or friends should see this<br />movie.  Highly recommend movie to viewers.  The Notebook has my highest<br />rating!
This is the Best Love Story I have ever seen.  They should make more movies like this.  This is now my all time favorite !!!
I was reluctant to watch this film because of the overwhelming mainstream adoration.  Everytime I saw the cover of the DVD with Allie and Noah kissing I rolled my eyes and mocked.<br /><br />I enjoy passionate movies, not cheesy love stories.  I was CONVINCED this would be such.  I did read the book many years ago and was certain this would be a watered-down disappointment.<br /><br />One evening I happened to catch the last 40 minutes of the film (the scene in the boat with the white ducks swimming), I could not stop watching.  I was completely infatuated with this film.  I immediately rented, then purchased this movie.<br /><br />I promptly made a date with my husband to watch the film.  I was delighted by his enjoyment...Noah is enough of a "man's man" that men relate to him and empathize with him.<br /><br />The Filmmakers did an amazing job of pulling the most beautiful scenes from the novel to project onto the screen.<br /><br />If you ever hesitated watching this movie, based on principals which deny you from watching a favorite book turned to film...PLEASE WATCH.<br /><br />This is the exception to the rule.<br /><br />This is officially my favorite film.  I do not know what to compare it to, as there is no other love story that moved both me and my husband to just want to hold one another and stay in love forever.<br /><br />Thank you.
This is a true love story of two people from very diferent backgrounds. His love for her kept him going seven years after they parted.An old house bought them back together and they married. When she developed dementia he read to her each day an on going love story about two people in love. She never recognized the story or the characters. One small minute she did and said that is our story and she slipped right back into her dementia. In the end they died together. Such a touching and moving story.
wonderful love story from begining to end. people should be in love that way today and this troubled world would be a better place,to share such feelings.
Even though my husband doesn't get into chic flicks, he said "The Notebook" was indeed, a good one.  Great story line and acting.  If you like to go back in time, you'll love the wardrobe, music and cars in this one.  Definitely worth being in your DVD collection.  Amazon has great service and products.
Without words..... Out of this world. The really kind of love that everyone looks for....
I love this movie, everything about it. It makes me cry everytime I watch it. It allows you to be hopeful if your single, makes you feel blessed if your with someone you love, and just makes you cherish moments with loved ones. This is a movie i can watch over and over, and still feel the same way about it afterwards. Granted it isnt a movie that men are raving about, but as a woman i can say that this movie de stresses me, and makes me feel good about  my life.
I didn't see this film when it first came out because I was told, "It's depressing"...and it sounded like a "downer" having to do with dementia and losing one's memory.  But, I saw this film over the weekend on DVD 3 years later.  It's a fine film!!!  It's not depressing at all!!!  If you have any heart at all, you'll love the film...as I did.  Recommended.  boland7214@aol
This is a well-acted devoted love story of two people that take you through the trials of one of the partner's life with dymentia.  It is very well told about the disease which takes the mind but not the spirit and shows what true love can do for people who are devoted to each other to the end.
This is one of those films you would ridicule if described to you by a buddy, you would reluctantly agree to go to (only because it is your wife's turn to pick the movie) - and will end up staying with you forever.<br /><br />A young couple's love is tested through societal chasms, dreams and ambitions, a world war, an avaricious mother withholding his letters, a handsome rich suitor, alzheimer's disease stealing away the past...I will refrain myself here not to enter into spoilers territory.<br /><br />The story is narrated with flashbacks, as the notes of the girl (played by the young Rachel Adams and the older Gena Rowlands) are read to her by her friend (James Garner) who shares the same long-term nursing home.<br /><br />Does it hit all the sappiness buttons? Masterfully yes - but it does so to a purpose!<br />If you are depressed, see it to regain perspective of what is important in life.<br />If you are happy, it will make you appreciate your happiness more.<br /><br />RECOMMENDED!
The two lock eyes, one loves instantly, the other plays a game, saying she's not interested. The two souls meet, the one entranced tries over and over, never giving up nor giving in.<br /><br />She eventually goes on a date with him. They do off the wall things. The most off the wall thing they do is lay in the road and wait for a car to come by, watching the light turn from red to green, to yellow  to red again. Over and over...then the truck comes and just barely misses them, giving them the rush of their life. She loves it and laughs maniacally.<br /><br />Then the love sets in. They start to see each other every day, not skipping a beat and she finally gives into him. They meet in a room with the piano and as she plays the piano, he comes up behind her and wants her. He longs to show and express his love for her. They take it to the floor and she starts to talk too much. Then she explains how it's her very first time. Somehow, at this point, I don't think he's in the same boat.<br /><br />Things continue up and down but mostly up. The story unfolds, the old guy and the old lady continue to enjoy each other's company and then when it's over, she wants to know more. How does it end? How does it end?<br /><br />I don't wanna give too much away, but I will say the intro is beautiful and the score just as much. I treasured this movie and will be purchasing it soon. A love story with some cliches (rich girl/poor guy, love goes up and down) and the spark dies a bit when the actual story ends, the lady with amnesia (?) comes to, and realizes what's going on and then the end comes quickly.<br /><br />But you will feel for the characters and their fate. Even when they "separate" you root for them all the way. They're beautiful, inside out (I'm in love with him :) ) and their story is nearly perfect. But you still love it.<br /><br />A 1940's love story BTW.<br /><br />Cover: B<br />Inside Art: N/A<br />Story: C- (cliche and such but enjoyable. the main characters make it so.)<br />Characters: B-<br />Dialogue: B<br />Comic Relief: C<br />Length: A<br /><br />4.75 stars.<br /><br />Overall: A+<br /><br />This movie is only the most romantic movie I've ever seen and I want a love just as crazy. The girl was bold and stubborn and he was very patient and fun. Very great. A modern masterpiece.
This movie was pretty good...I had put it off for quite a while thinking it was too girly..and it was..but I enjoyed it anyway..good story line..not realy too accurate with details though..
<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000683VI4">The Notebook (New Line Platinum Series)</a>  This is a wonderful movie.  It is good for teenagers & adults.  It is a family movie that you can watch over & over again.
I marvelled at the book and the film version did not disappoint me.  A celebration of love in the purest form.  The road of life takes many turns.  What the future brings, no one will know (until the end of the movie).  Not suitable for young children but ideal film for 19 to 99.
I was told about this movie. It's a love story like no other Ive seen!!! Ive seen this 5 times now and cry every time! Everyone who watches it with me ALWAYS cries.  VERY GOOD MOVIE!!!! Maybe even my favorite!  A.W.
I don't think that I ever cried so hard at the end of a movie since "Philadelphia" with Tom Hanks and Denzel Washington---this will be a definite staple in my DVD collection!
What a movie! I watch this movie two-three times a month. I cannot get enough of Noah and Allie. The producers could not have chosen a better cast.  One of my favorite parts is when Noah and Allie lay in the middle of the street watching the lights change. I love to hear her laugh when they have to jump up quickly when a car comes down the road.<br />I love their fights, their heated romances, the genuine love they have for each other. Noah sticks with Allie when her terrible disease takes over her mind. He waits with hope that Allie can remember for just a moment. Tears will spill over in your eyes when Allie remembers who Noah is, and for just a brief few minutes they capture their love for each other. Then the terrible disease comes back and she does not remember Noah, and medical attention is requires. "I'll Be Seeing You" is the perfect song that is sung by Jimmy Durante.<br />This movie shows that true love will carry you through all the good times and bad. Noah and Allie die in their sleep together.
My daughter and I watched this together. I'm an old softy, known to cry over AT&T commercials, so my sobs weren't unexpected, but my stoic daughter was in tears, too.  A great movie with a lot to say about love, passion and life-long devotion!  Also, contrary to the usual reality, this movie is far superior to the book upon which it was based.
i believe this has got to be one of the greates love stories of all time. the notebook was based on a novel, but brought to the screen it touched viewers like so few ever do. it's a great film. the way they made a simple story have such a deep impact and fill it with passion, and drama was excellent. about a rich girl named allie that falls in love with the boy from the wrong side of the tracks who's name is noah. although he has a big heart, he has one flaw. he's poor and she deserves only the best, in the eyes of her parents. but as in most cases you can't help but follow your heart no matter where it takes you. on and off the film flips from the present day to the past. to an old couple, and back to the young. throughout the film you realize that these couple are the same people. telling their story and reliving it at the same time. through memories. although the older woman(gena rowlands) suffers from alzheimers, her one true love won't go on without her. he knows that deep down she remembers their devotion, and their undying love to one another. he doesn't give up, and he never will. it was love at first sight for him, and he didn't stop trying for young allies attention until he got it. it was just a summer romance, but soon blossomed into something more. even more than they ever thought. they loved each other, but her parents didn't approve, and he had nothing to offer. they parted ways always thinking about one another, and always loving each other. time passes by, things happen. i'm sure if you could stop time, they would have, but all you can do is live. she finds another romance and they become engaged, thinking he moved on. her parents approve, but in his face she sees noah. he has a woman here and there, but they're not allie. after several years they meet again. they try to remain calm and collected, but you can't control the fire that's been burning and has never been put out. they rekindle what they had, the feelings all that stronger. the time comes where she must choose. will it be love, or her high class fiance. she follows her heart and they will stick it out like they should have since the beginning. beautiful couple, great love story, and outstanding performances. it makes you want to cry. gives you hope and inspires you to just go for it. it's never to late. they stay together till the end, because allie and noah just can't go on without each other. very touching and a sweet movie. they go through so much, and they give you drama, and that touch of romance that you can't help but love. i don't think it could have been better. ryan gosling is a very talented actor. you can't help and fall for his boyish charm. great acting and very well done.  you think he could be anybody. rachel mcadams, was great as well. very talented and she becomes that character. she shows you that rich girls cry too. nicely done on all counts.
This sweet and passionate love story rises above all it's clich&eacute;s because of the likable stars chemistry and a story that moves along briskly. The love story is sad enough, but the Alzheimer's angle really tears your heart out! I watched this because my wife wanted to watch it on our anniversary. I was surprised how much I liked it.....so guys don't squirm too much, if your babe wants to watch this one, it's really a very good story and I admired Gosling's character's tenacity and devotion to his true love. One of the better romance films I've seen in a while, so I rate it 4 1/2 stars, but it's definitely a 5 tissue movie! This was mostly because of the Alzheimer's part of the film, it's a tragic disease and having dealt with it in my family it was a little too close to home. The DVD transfer looks very good and the are some interesting extras.
A must have! This is by far one of the best movies I've ever watched. After witnessing a few scenes from this movie I just had to go out and buy it and I don't regret it!<br /><br />"The Notebook" breaks away from the typical kind of chick flick and adds a touch of humor. The movie adds more focus to the character's first Summer together, unlike the book which I found to be quite a snoozer. Also, the character's personalities seems more realistic and have more depth to them as you will discover during their heated arguements. Noah's personality is so dreamy and you can't help but fall in love with him over and over again.<br /><br />I found many differences between the book and movie, but I won't spoil it for you if you haven't seen either. :3 This movie definately allows you to take a step back and appreciate the relationship you have with your loved one.
Excellent movie ! A wonderful story about soul mates, soul mates for life.  It will bring tears of happiness and sadness.  Definitely a feel good movie.
Wonderful, yet sad movie. Very touching for the chick-flick girl in me. Actually my husband likes it, too! I had a copy, but bought this one for my Mom, whom I know will love it as well. It makes you look at Alzheimer patients in a new light, if you've never known anyone who has it. If you've had someone in your family with it, you really cry during the whole last 30 minutes! I do everytime I see it. It is also a very romantic movie and a showing of what true love is. It is PG-13, and because of a few scenes and language, I suggest over age 13, at least.
"The Notebook" (2004) has  absolutely amazing on-screen chemistry between two young lovers who are crazy about each other, whose love is so real, so overwhelming, so tender and passionate that you actually forget that they are acting. Ryan Gosling and Rachel McAdams are sensational. Since I saw Ryan in his controversial "The Believer" (2001), I always wait for his next film. I believe that he's got a great future. McAdams was radiant- just to think that the first movie I saw her in was Rob Schneider's "Hot Chick" (yes, I rented it). Her work in "The Notebook" made me think that for many young (and not so young) artists the biggest problem is not the lack of talent but the chance to find the right material and the right director who can make the best of their abilities.<br /><br />I love the movie. I believe it deserves its tears, every one of them. It really made me think of Woody Allen's words, "If you want to make God laugh, tell him about your plans". Even if the plans are as simple as to live happily ever after.
This movie is the classic "feel good" love story.  Perfect for a valentines gift to watch with your loved one.  I rate it as one of my top favorite love stories of all times.  Will definitly bring a tear to your eye.
I thought it was a good movie from the beginning but didn't really understand what was the big deal about it. It was the end that made it for me. Last 10 minutes plus 1 deleted scene put it in a "great movies" category. Rachel McAdams plays an absolutely beautiful and, which is more important, totally believable character. I didn't like Noah character that much, he seems pretty boring and i don't see how such a girl could have fallen for him, but you never know:) Enjoy and don't watch it when you're sad!
I am a long time fan of the stars in this movie.  While many of my gender would call this a chick flick I do not.  I enjoyed it but was very sad about the way it ended.  But life on the screen and off aint fare.  If someone told you it was they lied.  I loved the dedication shown by Jim Garners character.  Even though I hated the ending I'm sure in a month  or so I'll pop the DVD back in and watch it again so I can get my fix of top rate actors and a movie with a plot instead of a big SFX budget. You got to see this move but make sure and have some kleenex handy.
ok even for a guy, I thought the hype might be a little more than it was worth, but to my amazement I thought is was a great story and lived up to all that I have reviewed.  I would suggest the movie to all.
The notebook is a touching fantastic movie about a love that I find truelly incredible. I have watched it several times and I cry each and every single time. The actors are really good, I am a big fan.<br /><br />A movie to see, unlike any love storie you have seen or heard about!
My wife is a fan of Ryan Gosling and Rachel McAdams and asked me to purchase the DVD. In addition to the movie, the Director's comments on the making of the movie, deleted scenes, etc.,in the Platinums series are all very worthwhile attachments to this "fairy tale" love story.
This movie was amazing.  It is perfect for those who love romatic movies and will leace you in tears.  The story is about summer love that overcomes the obstacles.  It is one of my favorite movies and I am glad I own it.
They don't make too many love stories like this anymore. One of the most heartwarming films on enduring love, the entire cast is to be commended. Especially James Garner and Gena Rowlands. Proof that we can't just push aside our aging performers. Their is much to be learned from the elderly, and real lifetime commitments. Beautiful cinematography, a film that will even have the average man shedding a few tears in the end. I did.
As a reader, I'm not really into Nicholas Sparks' writings. But then again I thought that maybe the film adaptation of his book would be okay, so I decided to give this a go. Besides, I had heard some good feedback regarding this film so I was guessing it was worth checking out.<br /><br />It was a bit slow at first, but of course I won't deny the fact that the story got me affected. It made me think of what life would be like if I had been one of the characters. The elements in Allie and Noah's story are the ones you'd want to find in every romance story because it was unique and touching, and in a way, original. And it was also a manifestation of an everlasting love for someone, which I found very heartwarming. I really wonder if people like Noah still exist nowadays (you'd understand what I mean once you get to know him in this film).<br /><br />Though the story was really sad, it didn't make me cry. Some of my friends did, though. I could say it was a bit tear-jerky, but I don't really cry much because of movies. If you're into bittersweet films, this one is good.
This is truely one of the best love stories I have ever seen.  The story moves along and really pulls in the viewer, which makes it more intimate.  You feel their emotions as you watch- you laugh, you cry and become even more connected.  I loved how they director shows the progression of love but not in a cheesey over the top Hollywood sort of way.  This is a must have for anyone who has ever been in love.
I read the book and watched the movie 3 times. The movie was as good as the book which is not always true with movies that are produced from books. Applause to the director, producer and artists that starred... it is a number one film on my list!
I finally rented this movie after hearing so many great things about it - and I'm so glad I did! This is the best movie I've seen a very long time...an amazing love story. When I saw the DVD on sale at target for ten bucks, I was in heaven! I've also read the book after watching the movie and I really enjoyed the book...but for some reason I love the movie so much more. The acting in this film is beyond words...it's really amazing. You feel like your there going through it with them. I would recommend this movie to anyone - it is a treasure. I never get tired of watching it...and I find myself discovering something new everytime. I wish everyone a love like this - a love that true...that deep and profound. Don't settle...for anything! I've also really enjoyed reading these comments. I did read one comment where someone said they felt the second love scene was really just about physical attraction and not a deeper connection. I understand what your saying and I totally respect your opinion. But I saw things differently. I saw the passion and the longing they had for each other...and how much they couldn't stand to be away from each other anymore. I could never see Allie being that passionate about or with Lon. And the scene where Noah and Allie see each other again for the first time in years gives me chills everytime I see it! It takes your breath away. They just look at each other...and it's amazing! Watch this movie with your soul mate or if your single like me - this movie gives you hope and something to look forward to. Enjoy!
I read the book first and thought, "There's no way the movie could make me feel like that."  I was wrong.  This movie is one of the most beautiful I've ever seen.  The portrayal of Allie and Noah's love by Rachel McAdams and Ryan Gosling could not have been played better.  The love, passion, and beauty of the book are passed to this movie like no other book-to-movie adaptation I've ever witnessed.  Absolutely excellent!  I highly recommend this movie to anyone who is a romantic at heart.  Truly heartwarming!
And everybody loves a good cry.  What you see here is remarkable from at least one perspective, though:  this was based on a really outstanding first book by Nicholas Sparks.  Until I saw the movie, I thought this was one of a series of tearjerker books by him, but learned that this was his first.<br /><br />That was extraordinary.  For a first-time author to create this particular plot conceit was really brilliant.  And it gave the moviemakers a lot to work with.  You cannot help but cry your way through this one.<br /><br />But what realy made me cry was in the special features.  Nicholas says that he was working as a drug rep, making $30,000 per year.  I never knew any successful drug rep who made under six figures, so he must have been really, really ineffective at it.  Thus, when Time Warner Books offered him a million dollars for this first book...<br /><br />I could not hold back a torrent of tears.
This story is magnificent !! A down to earth story and a beautiful well done performance by all the actors. I have watched this movie over and over again and will continue to do so!!!! Needless to say One of my Most Favorite DVD's
The BEST movie purchase I have made this year!  A REALLY great love story!
Oh, what a story!<br /><br />I had no idea what I was getting myself into...there are just not enough kleenex for this movie, which I saw at the theater. At least 20 people emerged from it red-eyed and I (not usually being one for this variety of sappy) cried all the way home. Then I cried later, and then the next day. Sweetest love story ever.<br /><br />After seeing the movie I then read the book. It was one of the rare few where the movie was better!
The original romance novel by Nicholas Sparks transitioned into a tear-jerking love story for everyone to enjoy (in other words a chick flick women would definitely benefit from). The actors chosen could not have been any better, they really knew how to bring a sense of reality, and comfort to the movie.<br /><br /> The film is based on a couple who fought for their love and ended up growing old together. The movie is told though flashbacks, while Noah Calhoun reads from a notebook that unveils the story of Noah and Allie's life together. In the present days Noah is played by James Garner, and Allie is played by Gena Rowlands.<br /><br /> The other time frame is during the 1940s, around the time of World War II. This is when teenage Allie Hamilton (Rachel McAdams) met with her future love, the young Noah (Ryan Gosling). You could say it was love at first sight for Noah, as Allie realized her love for him in the later on. As the relationship prospered, social status and Allies greedy mother (Joan Allen), lead to a split; however, the break up would be just long enough for Allie and Noah to be brought back together again.<br /><br /> The ending of the film brings everything all together as a whole, for a heart filled resolution. The director couldn't have made the ending any more unrealistic, but it does comply with the routine soppy love endings.<br /><br /> This movie brings out the ideal craziness of love. As cheesy as the movie really is, you can't help but grow a likeness for the couple. Gosling and McAdams are the epitome of a match made in heaven, you learn to love them together, and it is hard to look at them when they are apart.
by Brooke Millican.<br /><br />The Notebook is about Tim Ivey as Rower and Gena Rowland as Allie Calhoun who fall in love over the summer, then break when they have a big fight.<br /><br />I liked this movie because there is some drama. I also liked the actors who played the parts of Rower and Allie Calhoun. They did a great job in the romance part when Allie Calhoun came back to town to see her summer love. They ate dinner and lived forever together. I also liked when Allie's mother drove up to Rower's house and told Allie to come back home. After Mom left, Rower asked Allie if she had gotten any of his notes. She said no. He said "I wrote you three hundred and sixty-five days". That's why I liked The Notebook.
The Notebook is by far the best love story that I have ever seen.  I absolutly loved it at the end.  The characters did a great job and the directing was fantastic.  I already watched it 3 times in two days.  I would recommend everyone watch this touching movie.
I enjoyed watching "A Walk to Remember", and reading "Message in a Bottle" so I decided to see "The Notebook" based on Nicholas Sparks' first best-selling novel.  After watching this movie, I can say that this movie had everything that I expected it to have (it lived up to my expectations). Having all the elements that Nicholas Sparks usually puts into his novels, "The Notebook" succeeds in being a good love story.<br /><br />"The Notebook" is a simple story of a poor boy falling in love with a rich girl with a lot of obstacles in their way. It starts off with an old man visiting a woman to read her a story. We don't know who they are at first, and once he starts reading, we now see the story that he narrates. The story is about a man named Noah Calhoun (Ryan Gosling) who is visiting the carnival with his friends. Soon he sees Allie Hamilton (Rachel McAdams) and from that minute knows that she is the woman for him. Soon they start seeing each other and fall in love. But Allie's parents don't approve of the relationship because Noah is a poor man working in the lumber yard for a living, while Allie is a rich socialite, who is staying with her parents only during the summer, after which she will be off to the woman's college. What follows is a twist in the tale, where Noah and Allie go their separate ways, bind their relationship with others, and somehow face themselves together many years later. Do they still feel the same about one another after all these years? Will they be together again?<br /><br />The main reasons I liked this movie were:<br /><br />1) The way in which this movie is told: Watching a story a within another story is a great idea for this movie. Director Nick Cassavetes did a wonderful job in directing this movie, by selecting breathtaking locations to shoot this movie in.<br /><br />2) Chemistry between the characters: This movie wouldn't have kept anyone's interest if the main characters have no on screen chemistry. However, Ryan Gosling and Rachel McAdams acted spectacularly, where you actually root for them to be together throughout. Gena Rowlands and James Garner also did a nice job with their roles.<br /><br />3) The Music: Aaron Zigman produced a lovely soundtrack that went perfectly with this movie.<br /><br /> So, if you liked movies such as `A Walk to Remember' or `Message in a Bottle' (which are some other movie adaptation of Sparks' novels), then you will enjoy "The Notebook".
This movie really moved me. It is extremely well acted, and the setting is gorgeous (the South in the late 30's). Most movies of the genre fail to prove the two really care and love each another but "The Notebook" really captured that. Even though the plot was somewhat predictable,  I found myself cheering for them (as well as crying).  You want Allie to listen to her heart, as opposed to trying to please everybody around her (first her parents, then Lon, her new fiance who does happen to be a nice guy and which makes her decision even more difficult). Lon would make a good husband but Allie is missing something with him that she can't even pinpoint. She just finds out she does not get inspiration for her painting when she is with him.  In the end, you just want Allie and Noah to grow old together because you know that in spite of their fights, they are truly meant for each other.
THIS is a great movie. A tear-jerker, to be sure, but a classic love story. You'll love it! I know I did.
Although "The Notebook," a film based on Nicholas Spark's novel of the same name, tells a familiar tale of star-crossed lovers, I found the movie convincing and moving enough to use all the extra tissues I brought along with me. The acting is remarkably good - how could it be otherwise when the cast includes such luminaries as James Garner, Gena Rowlands, Joan Allen and Sam Shepard? Directed by Nick Cassavetes, from a screenplay by Jeremy Leven, the story is told through a series of flashbacks.<br /><br />In an upscale nursing home, Duke, (James Garner), an elderly retiree, with a genuine warm nature, reads aloud excerpts from a worn notebook to Allie, (Gena Rowlands), a patient suffering from Alzheimers. She doesn't know Duke, but obviously adores the sad, romantic tale so much, that she becomes more alert and focused when he reads to her. His kind, tender manner may have something to do with her responsiveness also.<br /><br />The movie, and the notebook's narrative, go back in time to the year 1940 and the small southern town of Seabrook, NC. Allie Hamilton, (the luminescent Rachel McAdams), a wealthy, headstrong city girl is vacationing at her family's summer home. She meets a local boy, Noah Calhoun, (Ryan Gosling), and the two fall in love. Noah is a sincere, down-to-earth, intelligent young man, with a tendency toward the dramatic. On one occasion he hangs on the rungs of a Ferris wheel and threatens to jump if Allie won't go out with him. The two give exuberant performances as the spontaneous teens, who are reckless in their joy of each other, and refreshingly innocent in their love. Noah seems to free Allie from the refinements and restrictions of her class. Her mother (Joan Allen) does not approve of the match. She thinks Noah is a nice boy but calls him "trash," because he is not of their social class. Unfortunately for the youngsters, Noah is not a member of elite society - at least not elite enough for Allie's parents. And he is poor, financially, if not in spirit. The Hamilton's put the kabosh on the relationship. Surprisingly, Noah agrees with them in a sense. He understands that he will never be able to provide for Allie in the manner to which she is accustomed. Then the Japanese bomb Pearl Harbor. Noah enlists. A year later Allie meets a wealthy, charming Army officer (James Marsden), scion of one of Savannah, Georgia's finest families. Her parents approve of the match. After the war, Allie becomes engaged. Then she spots a news story about Noah, whom she assumed had died overseas.<br /><br />This is a gentle film, which tugs at the heart-strings. My only complaint is that the film is two scenes too long. Occasionally it is best to leave some things to the imagination. Prior to seeing "The Notebook," I had read various reviews criticizing it for being "formulaic, manipulative and treacly." Labeled a chick flick, I know many men who have really enjoyed it. I am glad I rarely pay attention to film critics. I will gladly fly in the face of nay sayers and recommend this entertaining, emotional tearjerker as a romantic drama well worth seeing.<br /><br />JANA
A story of young love that ends early but is never forgotten.  Set in North Carolina,the story of Noah Calhoun and Allie Hamilton is brought to life by an older man reading from a notebook to a woman suffering from Alzheimer's.<br /><br />I found Ryan Gosling to be excellent with his performance as Noah Calhoun.  Gosling usually plays dark,intense characters but his intensity shows through in his conviction of the love he feels for Allie played by Rachel McAdams.  While Gosling was perfection,I found McAdams performance to be only alright.  I don't know if it was how the character of Allie was written or if it was because I only see McAdams as Regina from Mean Girls.<br /><br />I also couldn't help but compare the movie to the book.  While Noah in the book was quiet,contemplative,and just an all around dreamer,Gosling's character seemed to be more rough around the edges.<br /><br />I was really excited when I found out that this was being made into a movie.  I wanted to see how the book paralleled the movie.  While the film is really good, I just liked the book way better. I recommend this film but read the book first.
Warning, do not, I repeat, do not go and see this movie if you don't wish to want to fall in love.  Because, basically that's what this movie does to you.  It makes you feverishly want a real life version of Noah to walk into your life.  It chronicles the passionate love of youth and the delicate devotion that should come with age. I laughed, I cried(like most people in the theater did both times I saw it), and most importantly I fell in love. It was real, it was passionate, it is something everyone should see...correction, The Notebook is something everyone should feel.
but...<br /><br /> Having said that, I couldn't stop crying!!! This is not an exaggeration! When I first found the book, I gave it away because it was &quot;not my type of book.&quot; Now, I'm sorry I did, because I saw the movie tonight, and it was amazing!<br /><br /> Of course it was sappy and romantic. Of course Hollywood got a hold of it. But, the important thing is that it made me feel things I haven't felt in a long time. Made me believe it.<br /><br /> Noah and Allie meet when they are 17, and she doesn't like him at first, but he takes her out anyway. He is from the &quot;wrong side of the tracks,&quot; and she is just in the South for the summer. Her parents have a lot of money and he is more the down to earth type who works in a lumberyard and wants to build his own house someday.<br /><br /> Time passes and (of course) they fall in love. But, as star crossed as Romeo and Juliet, her parents don't agree, and they take her away from him and her mom keeps his letters a secret. Every day for a year. Will she choose the privileged life where everything is decided for her, or will she make her own with Noah and break all of the rules?<br /><br /> The story is being told by Duke, to a woman who is suffering from Dementia. He comes by every day in the hospital and reads to her.<br /><br /> This is one of the most touching and beautiful movies I have ever seen. I have never cried so much watching a movie as I did tonight. The acting was amazing as well. Gena Rowlands and James Garner were great. The two that played Allie and Noah had so much beautiful chemistry, that I believed them! I also read that this story is loosely based on Nicolas Sparks (author) grandparents.<br /><br /> See it, you won't be disappointed.
... because that's what I'd pick. As usual, I don't want to synopsize any movie. It spoils it for me to hear the plot ahead of time. Like another reviewer, I was a bit put off by the ending (hence "only" 4-7/8 stars). It was tied a little too neatly in a bow. On the other hand, one particular scene shortly before the end made the final ending a welcome relief. Having just buried my father recently, I know (we all know) how ugly it could have been.<br /><br />My father and James Garner were the same age and I always thought they looked quite a bit alike. When I was eight  years old, Jim lived in an apartment across the street from us in North Hollywood. He got dressed up in his Marverick outfit, hat and all, before he got into his car to go to work. "Handsome" doesn't begin to describe that sight. I probably wouldn't have met him except that his step-daughter, Kim, was my age. I doubt it will surprise anyone to find out that Jim was a very nice guy. A dust-bowl kid from Oklahoma with the non-Hollywood name of "James Bum-Garner." Names like Bum-Garner and Buck-Walter were typical of that time and origin. I remember that Mom watched over Kim till school started one morning while Jim got his name changed legally.<br /><br />It's silly, but watching Jim throughout the years has always given me a sense of pride -- not because I'd "known" him but because he looked like my Dad and, like Dad, was such a jewel of a human being. Watching him work at this level of excellence is enough on its own. His resemblance to my father is purely coincidental.<br /><br />People who label movies as sappy quite often are missing the point. A movie that moves us this much deserves more than such predictable criticism. Same with those who say it wasn't worthy of an Academy Award nomination. If Jim hasn't received an Oscar yet, he will do so for his body of work -- if there's time. He could have easily won an Oscar for this performance as could the talented and beautiful Gena Rowlands. The kids are wonderful too.<br /><br />At least rent this movie. You'll end up buying it for someone you love.
This is my new favorite movie! I can't wait until it comes out on dvd. My boyfriend and I cried so much through this movie. We were still crying as we walked outside of the theater! And we don't normally cry about a movie!! It's a must-see if you are into movies that actually have something deeper than just sex and violence. Anyone that I know that has seen this movie totally agrees that the Notebook is a classic!!! :)
this story is wonderful, the book and now the DVD! When I first saw the notebook was in the cima and I fell in love with it, it is one of thows storys that makes you happy and thinking about it all night. a wonderful story for anyone who has ever falling in love!
This was such a great movie. I positively could not stop crying. I've seen my share of movies that made me cry but this one I just couldn't stop.<br /><br />Without a doubt this is a must see movie.
filled with marvelous performances by everyone in the cast, to great, moving direction by nick cassavetes, this film excels in every way, from start to haunting finish! it's a rare beauty of a film, filled with humor, deep love, and a truly haunting story-it was so much better than the book. it's really beautiful to behold, very deep, with a revealing secret that will deeply move you over and over again. a real keeper for your dvd collection. do not miss it.
This movie is amazing ... a real tear jerker, but in a good way.<br />Ryan Gosling ("Remember the Titans") was AMAZING ... as was Gena Rowlands (but then, when isn't Gena Rowlands amazing?!?!) and James<br />Garner.  This is a must-buy movie ... if you rent it, you won't want to send it back ...
This is to all the guys out there--by this for your girl for Valentine's Day and she will be putty in your hands! :) Especially if you watch it with her!<br /><br />This is such a wonderful love story I cannot begin to describe it! It's not sappy, but very entertaining! Such as when Noah (Ryan Gosling) hangs from the ferris wheel in order to get Ally (Rachel McAdams) to go out with him.  Come on girls, we all wish for a guy who would do that for us! :) And when they see each other again after all those years! Oh, you can cut every emotion out there with a knife! :) :)<br /><br />Aside from the fact I am a chick and this is an ideal chick flick, I was very impressed with Rachel McAdams in this movie.  We all remember her playing snotty, popular cheerleaders in Mean Girls and The Hot Chick.  How refreshing it is to see her in such a wonderful role to help spread her wings as an actress!  She is truly talented.  Not to mention I think she looks better as a brunette. :)  We all remember Ryan Gosling in a small part in Remember the Titans and as a teenage killer in Murder By Numbers, and this movie definitely put him at the top for Hollywood's Most Eligible Bachelors!<br /><br />Watch it with friends, your lover, by yourself...just buy this movie! You wont' regret it!
This is one of the best movies ever. I have never really cried during a movie until The Notebook, but it was just soooo good.  It is a chick flick but I do know some men who have seen it and been just as moved by it as the women. Even if you have never seen it before, it is def a must buy!!!
After reading the book, I anxiously awaited for the movie and was very pleased. Even though there are a few things different between the book and the movie, any hopeful romantic will only find them minor and appreciate this wonderful film. Get the tissues ready and cherish the love between Noah and Ally!
This book was magnificient - I highly recommend it to anyone who wants to know what real love is about.
The Notebook was one of the best films I have seen in a longgggg time! It was so beautiful. Ryan Gosling and Rachel McAdams we're amazing together. If you are planning on seeing this, which i HIGHLY recommend....bring ur box of tissues!! There isn't a dry eye in the theater!!!
The Notebook was a captivating love story about a young couple who got a secod chance with a lost love. The ending was sad, yet very predictable. The movie was very well written though, and I would see it again any day.
I honestly did not want to see this movie. I thought it would be boring and mushy. I was wrong. This is a tender love story that makes you laugh, cry and wonder what will happen next. This is a classic love story and I am glad I saw it.
The movie put the book that I have read so many times into a visual on the screen!  Incredible screen writing and casting!!!  I could not have asked for a better portrayal of my favorite novel by Nicholas Sparks.  Thank you.
i would give this 20 stars if i could. the perfect chick-flick, i fell in love 100 times over. i'm not a huge cryer but this had me laughing and crying for nearly 2 hours. after i finished watching it i wanted to watch it all over again. Guys this is the way a girl wants to be loved, for everything that she is and everything she one day will become.
Adapted to screen from the Nicholas Sparks novel of the same name, The Notebook is one of the best romantic dramas to hit the big screen in decades. Garnering high marks from a wide-range of critics, The Notebook is a funny and emotional film which deals with love, relationships, and the risks people take. James Garner turns in a notable performance as the elder man, Duke, who reads the pages of his notebook to dying nursing home resident Allie (Gena Rowlands). Overall, this is a classic "chick flick" with a dramatic twist. Set in the World War II era, The Notebook is a great film...<br /><br />Duke (James Garner) regularly reads from the pages of a notebook to an older woman in a nursing home. Suffering from Alzheimer's disease, her memories of the parts which he's read in the past appears and disappears without order, but Duke continues to read to her because of their deep and enduring friendship.<br /><br />The notebook's story centers around the lives of a teenage boy and girl who meet at a carnival in the late-1930s. At first, Allie Hamilton doesn't know what to think of Noah Calhoun, but she soon gives into his insistence that they go out on a date. When Noah and Allie fall deeply in love, Allie's parents try to break up the couple. The Hamiltons are rich, and Noah and his father are from the poor side of town. Nevertheless, Allie and Noah are determined to be together.<br /><br />When World War II breaks out, Noah is sent into conflict. He writes numerous letters to his love, but they go unanswered because Allie's parents are hiding the letters as well as her replies to Noah. After several years apart, Allie becomes engaged to successful businessman. But after reading a newspaper article concerning Noah's restoration of a historic home he once promised her, she decides to go visit him.<br /><br />Allie's visit with Noah turns both their worlds upside down when they learn the truth about the letters. Now, Allie must choose between the fianc&eacute;e she truly loves and the man who is her real true love...<br /><br />Actor Ryan Gosling is entertaining and likeable in his portrayal of the young and energetic Noah Calhoun. The Notebook as a film is better served by featuring his superb talents. Likewise, up-and-coming actress Rachel McAdams is brilliant in her role as Allie. The emotions of her young romance are clearly conveyed by a natural and instinctive penchant for delivering her lines in just the right way. Call it onscreen charisma or whatever, but McAdams is one to look out for in the future.<br /><br />In short, The Notebook is as good a film as it is as a book. Few books translate onto the big screen as well as they read in print, so The Notebook is to be heralded for its ability to do so. Charming and easy to like, the film glorifies the romance of a young couple who find true love - a love that lasts forever. Well-produced and featuring some amazing shots of natural locations, The Notebook ranks as a definite must-see film. Do yourself a favor and go see it today...<br /><br />The DVD Report
Yes i am a guy and i'm not a big fan of cheezy romantic comedies but this was not, it was a REAL emotional love story, it shows just coz you make a choice to be with someone doesn't mean it is the right choice, you must follow your heart if there is any doubt about a lost love. If there was a special movie i'd that i would watch with my girl i would choose this one.
Like most guys, I made fun of this movie because of the nature of the movie. But I did hear a lot of people say it was good and looking at the preview, I didn't think it would be that bad, I enjoy dramatic movies when I am in the mood. And this week was one of those long weeks, where misery loves company and so I decided to watch Notebook, hoping to see other people's woe's would make me forget about my own.. and it worked. Skip the next paragraph if you do not want to be spoiled.<br /><br />The best thing of the movie, was the acting done by the four major actors. Both the older and younger set of actors did a really good job. I remember Ryan from Young Hercules, but more recently Murder By Numbers. He does a complete role reversal in this movie from brooding killer to brooding romantic. The chemistry with him and Rachel was dead on and sold the movie. Rachel also does a great job, and watching it, I was like I saw her somewhere... Mean Girls i later found out. Seeing the broad range of these actors really made me respect them in their craft,  You feel the love Noah has for her, which is mirrored by older Noah, which in turns makes it just as painful n heart retching to watch the later part of the movie. The other great thing of the movie was the story itself, your basic summer fling type of story, its not new but that is only half the plot and the other half makes it all the more interisting and makes tug even more at your heart.  Being a student of health, I was at least familiar with the technical aspects of the disease in the movie, which helped enhance the movie for me and made me really feel for the characters. I wasn't surprised when I started tearing, just surprised that I found myself doing so in more scenes than expected.<br /><br />other things to mention is the beautiful setting of the movie and the rich supporting cast of actors from noah's dad, to ally's mom and james marsden from x-men. not to mention the musical score.<br /><br />i have three main quirks with the movie.<br />- in the beg, the movie is set in the south during the summer of 1940. they couldn't digitally remove the cold breathe from the film. it kinda felt more like a late autumn fling, that was more of a technical thing.<br />- the other technical thing, which isn't that big of deal because it was only in one scene was where you see duke looking through the old photographs. I find it odd that they would use the older actors' pictures instead of ryan and Rachel, which kind of took me away from the characters and made you believe that these are 2 separate couples.<br />- The last thing is that i wish they would've done more with the political nature of its time. they briefly grazed WW2 and no mention of racism, especially for a film set in the south in the 40's. but in all fairness, that might have detracted from the movie, especially the racism part but you did see the servants as black. but i think we could've used a scene or two more during ww2.<br /><br />other than that, this is a movie that will stick in you head, it sure did with me, which is why i am writing this. this movie is about love in all shapes in form and the duality of this movie makes it unique from the rest out there. With movies like these, the ending is no big surprise, what makes it is the journey, which I certainly enjoyed the ride.<br /><br />Edti: I liked the movie so much, I read the book. And... the movie is better. I rented the Notebook, I should've just bought the dvd. I am a little harsh but the book isn't that bad, but I enjoyed the movie a lot more.
You don't see many movies that our made like this anymore. I am normaly not a love story sappy person. not that there is anything wrong with them i am just not the person who normaly rents them. But I did this one, it was great I was so blown away by the story that I had to go buy it. My husband got chills from the story and he hates love stories. I know quite a few people who said the cried. But the other thing is it is not a story that leaves you upset all day. when and if you cry about it , its not like your dog got ran over kind of thing. It is a great movie and the story is well written.
A sweet, tender love story told from present day by James Garner and Gena Rowlands, who revisit the fiery relationship of lovers struggling to reunite after world events pull them apart in the 1940's.
Maybe it was just that i saw the movie 3 times before reading the book, and then only read it once, but i thought the movie was better. i liked how they added events to their teen years to make the story more complete. i also liked that they added more to their time in the nursing home and brought things from their past like the piano playing. i have mixed feelings about them adding the part about her mother have a similar situation with a guy that worked at the lumberyard. it kinda explains why she acted the way she did, but it seemed a little too perfect. i also think it was a little too perfect that they died together at the end, but i find the book ending really gross.<br /><br />i really liked ryan gosling and rachel mcadams. i watched ryan when he was the mickey mouse club years ao and i liked rachel's other movie mean girls. she is so pretty too i can't believe she is 28.
This was a good love story, a tear jerker, but it was not romantic. A real romance is not one where you have to go back and forth from one guy to another because you don't even know what you want. In a real romance, you just KNOW. Allie was portrayed as spoiled and wishy washy. I'm not even complaining of her infidelity, because I'm glad she made the right choice and chose Noah. But to think she could just sleep w/Noah and then go back to her fiance....thats just made me want to smack her. The older Noah and Allie were cute, but I just fell asleep when they came on.<br /><br />In the end, the only thing that held this "love" story together was the deep love Noah had for Allie, which was beautiful. Everything else was pretty dumb.<br /><br />I just hope young people don't watch this and think this is as good as it gets, cause it can be so much better.
I fell in love with not only this beautiful story but Ryan Gosling!!!!  This is just a fantastic movie and I really can't find better words to describe it.  Watch it.  Own it.  Love it forever!!  It is my all-time favorite!!
...for these tear jerkers.  This movie will go down as a romance classic- a forbidden love about two people from the wrong side of the tracks-Romeo and Juliet for the 1940's, if you will.  This film hits all my cheesy love spots and turn up aces with me.  McAdams/Goslin were great as well as Garner and Rowland.  This is a must see for all Chick movie lovers.  Highly recommended.
I'm so glad I watched this at home because I was crying my eyes out at the end. The storyline may not be the first of its kind, but the movie is simply beautiful. One cannot help but wish and pray for Allie and Noah to be together. Definitely a tear-jerker. I haven't cried this much over a movie in a long time. I absolutely love the bittersweet ending, and the last words said between Allie and Noah stay after the credits have stopped rolling.
This is to only make the person below happy. I bought the DVD today and watched it already. I had no errors whatsoever. Maybe you should get a new DVD player. People are writing about the story because that is what a review is for. When you buy a CD you do not want to have a person write about the plastic they had to take off and how frustrating it is. Again, regarding the DVD, no region code problems here, chapter problems, DVD plays fine. I think you are due for a new player. Best regards.
Allie is every young man's dream.  This movie should be required watching for all in pre-marriage counseling!  If this isn't true love, what is?
I remember first seeing the trailer for "The Notebook" and the emotional reaction I had when I figured out what the story was about.  I know that the movie is based on Nicholas Sparks' best-selling first novel, but I have never read it or anything else he has written, so I was worried that the film might have been ruined for me.  Still, "Titanic" did pretty well and everybody knew the ship was going to sink, and happily I can report that in similar fashion the best moment of this 2004 romantic drama will reduce you to tears because you know the complete set up.<br /><br />In the present at a nursing home, Duke (James Garner) shows up to read to a nicely dressed woman (Gena Rowlands), who is suffering from Alzheimer's disease.  Reading from a notebook, he tells her a story set before World War II when young Noah Calhoun (Ryan Gosling) met the beautiful Allie Hamilton (Rachel McAdams).  The problem is that her family comes from money, spending the summer at their home in the country, and he is a laborer, so while her father, John (David Thornton) at least wants to meet the young man his daughter is seeing, her mother, Anne (Joan Allen) is vehemently opposed.  The young couple end up having a big fight, Allie's mother drags her back home, and then along comes World War II.  Noah goes overseas to fight, while Allie becomes a nurse and meets Lon Hammond (James Marsden).<br /><br />The story of the rich girl loving the poor boy has become rather clich&eacute;d, and if you do not know what happened to all those letters Noah wrote to Allie for an entire year you have simply not seen your yearly allotment of movie romances.  Fortunately, "The Notebook" comes through in the grand gesture department, which is where the poor boy has to do something that will impress at least the young girl (and hopefully her family and all other naysayers).  What is nice about this particular grand gesture is that it is not only appropriately symbolic of their love, it also has significant material benefits.  There is also a nice scene when the film's villain, Mrs. Hamilton, finally has a serious talk with her daughter (and explains why Joan Allen signed up for a supporting role).<br /><br />Gosling and McAdams are both good as the young couple, although the effort to keep the PG-13 rating in the sex scenes becomes rather obvious, and the script actually refrains from having Marsden do or say anything incredible stupid as the odd side out of this love triangle.  But every time we come back to the present Garner and Rowlands are stealing the film.  The flaw of this film, if you want to consider it as such, is that I end up being a lot more interested in the framing device with the old couple than with the main story.  Meanwhile I was distracted by the idea that maybe what I thought was going on was actually not going on (there are a few red herrings regarding Duke), and I became rather enamored by those possibilities.  Still, there is a reason that people are talking about "The Notebook" as being a tearjerker movie and the big moment is quite effective.  Those who do not care for such fare will know to stay away, and those who love weeping their eyes out at romances will be satisfied with what they find here.
I just passed wind. And then I belched.<br /><br />There. Now that we have my manliness firmly established, I can talk about "The Notebook."<br /><br />More to the point, I can reveal that I honest-to-goodness liked this movie. I know, I know. You're thinking, "But it's a chick flick." And you're right. But there's more to it than that.<br /><br />Here's a secret: To men, there are two kinds of romance films: the kind they will avoid like bird flu, and the kind they will avoid like bird flu but -- if forced to see -- will secretly appreciate.<br /><br />File "The Notebook," Nick Cassavetes' adaptation of the best-selling Nicholas Sparks novel, under the second classification.<br /><br />It's a love story, no doubt about that -- a gauzy, misty-eyed, girly-girl love story. But it's one that even the hardest-hearted of manly men can appreciate, even if secretly.<br /><br />The story centers around Noah (Ryan Gosling) and Allie (Rachel McAdams), a young couple whose love is interrupted by a combination of familial objections and World War II. Will they be able to overcome? Will there be a happily ever after. As in all chick flicks, that is the question.<br /><br />McAdams does a beautiful job as Allie, playing the energetic and bubbly (if slightly annoying) teen early in the film, then shifting to a more mature -- but no less enchanting -- adult as the movie progresses. She is a true star in the making, (How's this for versatility: Her recent credits include "The Notebook," "Wedding Crashers" and "Red Eye.)<br /><br />Her co-star, Gosling ("Murder By Numbers," "Remember the Titans"), is serviceable as Noah, though his at-times overly stoic portrayal ventures into the realm of one-dimensionality. (Is that a word?) Still, that relatively minor flaw doesn't detract from the overall enjoyability of the film.<br /><br />And just as enchanting as the Allie-Noah story is the envelope device, featuring silver screen silverbacks James Garner and Gena Rowlands, both of whom turn in characteristically strong performances. The secret behind their characters' tale is relatively predictable -- Hey, this isn't supposed to be Hitchcock here -- but that doesn't detract from its power. And believe me, it is powerful. Heartbreakingly, and beautifully, powerful. Just like the rest of "The Notebook."<br /><br />Oh, and by the way: I just picked my nose. Just for the record.
I'll explain my reasoning for renting this despite the fact I'm not dating anyone: I'm a fan of Rachel McAdams. Not only really hot, she's a great actress and given the right roles she can really deliver. So one of her well-known films is Notebook so I thought I'd check it out well of course she's great here but then the film she's in doesn't quite cut it half the time.<br /><br />The story follows an old man reading a story to an elderly couple(James Garner and Gena Rowlands respectively). He's telling the story of 2 lovers Noah and Allie who meet at a carnival. They fall in love but Noah's a lower class and Allie's rich(Titanic anyone?) Parents don't approve and just as fast neither does he so she moves. Years later by chance he sees her only to find her with someone else. She also gets reminded of him and goes back to him and reconcile. But she's getting married. Who will she pick?<br /><br />If you've seen a romantic comedy in the past 30 years you know who she's going to pick. Hell, halfway James Garner's character has his family come visit and one distinctly says mom. You obviously know who the elderly couple are. So what happens is that the love story loses some of its impact and it's not as engaging as it should be. Plus what Gena Rowland's character suffers from doesn't work that way at all. It's just a reality bend that's not supposed to bend.<br /><br />Enough bashing, the leads are great. The elderly couple as well as Ryan Gosling and Rachel McAdams as the younger version. The 2 have a chemistry(and they should've, they're dating for real, sorry guys...GRR!). Ryan's character for some reason to me looked like Ryan Reynolds in Amityville remake. Just saying, is all.<br /><br />Women will love it, men will be like "can we make out now?....ooh Rachel's hot! but seriously when's this done?"
Now the first book by Nicholas Sparks is made a film.  That's no surprise after his original books 'Message in a Bottle' and 'A Walk to Remember' have been recently turned into films.  The point is, his books are not for people with cynical outlook of life, or those who believe that any good film must contain a bad guy or two.  You should know this is an unabashed tearjerker.  Yes, in 'The Notebook' love will triumph, but I didn't find that a bad thing.<br /><br />A case of a simple story well told, 'The Notebook' introduces us to the unnamed two aged couple played by Gena Rowlands and James Garner.  Garner is reading a story from a small notebook he holds dear like a day planner, and Rowlands is listening to the story very eagerly.  And it's a love story.<br /><br />The story-within-story turns out the real story for us, which unfolds like old-fashioned love romance.  Rich Southern lady, Allie ('Rachel McAdams) who is going to women's college in New York after summer, comes to Seabrook, a small rural town in North Carolina, where she spends her peaceful holidays.  There she meets a lumberyard worker Noah (Ryan Gosling).<br /><br />They fell for love each other, if not at first sight for Allie.  But Allie's parents are not happy about that at all.  And when Joan Allen appears as Aliie's uptight mom, we know what will happen to the teens in love.  For her this likable boy he is just a "trash" which means only one thing to Allie: no future.  The time is set in 1940.  So there is only one thing that love-sick Noah can do.  Going to war.<br /><br />You can spot all too familiar things in the young couples' story, soaked in sugery nostalgia.  However, for all its shortcomings and manipulative tones, 'The Notebook' remains forceful enough to make us cheer the young boy and girl, and wish them to win, probably because of the assured director's  hand or the universal theme of love story.  Director Nick Cassavetes does trust in this simple story, and shows his belief in his straightforward approach to the descriptions of Noah and Allie's fate.<br /><br />The film ends, I think, too neatly, and some say, perhaps rightly, that the Alzheimer Disease is not exactly what the film depicts.  But the beautiful images and strong performances are worth giving a try, if you're not a hardened romance hater (if there should be any).
Movies rarely make me cry, but this one does every time. It is the only movie I prefer over the book, because you get a sense of who the characters really are rather than imagining them. I don't suggest you rent this movie; BUY IT. You will want to see it more than once, trust me.
James Garner (calling himself Duke?) is in this nursing home and he is going to read to one of the depressed lady guests out of this romance book that he just happens to have with him. The book story is about a little rich teenage girl summering in South Carolina.  There she meets and eventually falls big-time for a local sandy-haired Lothario (not called Duke)who works in a sawmill.  Her mama just won't have that so the girl is packed up and moved back to the city.  He writes to here every day for an entire year (Every Single Day!) 'n of course the mother has intercepted every single letter.....  the girl never fetched the mail for herself even one time for the entire year.  The war comes and goes. The girl gets engaged to a dark-haired (that's important) captain.<br /><br />BUT-  OOooooooops<br /><br />Now she finds the first love again.<br /><br />Who to choose?  The handsome new fellow or the former flame?<br /><br />During all this there are occasional flashbacks to James Garner reading this novelette to the depressed lady.  You have to guess a LOT about the exact details of who's who doing what to whom and where.  Only by viewing the extra features' deleted scenes does the thing become clear.......  but the characters as represented in their twenties just do not match James Garner and the lady.<br /><br />Okay, so who's the author of theis tome from which James is reading?  It seems to be bound so maybe it is a published novel about the pair.  Okay, it is defintely about the two of them.  There is an inscription on the flyleaf calling for our hero to read this book to the heroine in her dementia to help her remember. Duke, the reader is reading about Noah, the boy/young man.<br /><br />How did a youngster with tousled sandy hair in his mid 20's standing about 5-10 (as seen next to the fireplace and regular doors grow almost another 6 inches taller and get a full head of DARK hair?<br /><br />You know....  if they had just left out the single ten second scene where the girl has made her choice (about ten seconds) THAT would have made this a real winner. Put back all the stuff that was cut to make the story clear and leave out the part about the final choice.  THEN we would be seeing a dementia patient with her beloved standing by her to the very end.  BUT...........  you'd never know just which one it was.  8-?<br /><br />This one will make it to the sniffle & blow crowd but hardly to the awards.<br /><br />Noah  (yeah, I know.  My name really is Noah, though)<br /><br />8-?
this is my favorite movie. it is so touching and i must say it gives hope for all those cynical people who think true love doesn't exist. I recommend this movie to everybody I know and everyone loves it. I've watched it more than 20 times and I always cry.
For the first 30 minutes of The Notebook, I was wondering what all the fuss was about. All I was seeing was the sort of cheesiness that people groan at in any other movie. The sort of unapologetic lovey-dovey mush that usually gets laughed at. And although some of it is still laughably, hopelessly romantic fodder, it's so honest and intent on its "true love will conquer all" message that it starts to grow on you.<br /><br />This is due in no small part to Rachel McAdams, and to a lesser extent, Ryan Gosling. The two of them have the ability through their intense display of vulnerabilities to make otherwise corny dialogue seem deep and rooted in emotion. Not to discount Ryan Gosling's great performance, but without Rachel McAdams The Notebook would have been borderline hilarious for its presentation of relationships.<br /><br />Overall, thinking about the story it seems like such a played out love story, but the film is presented so beautifully and intently, that you can't help but be sucked into the world presented in the film and really feel for the characters as they progress in their life and their love lives, together and apart.<br /><br />James Garner is brilliant in the present day portions of the film and really helps ground the emotional core of the relationship and how important love can be. At two hours, The Notebook can start to feel a bit long and perhaps some of the 30 minute setup could be taken out but, as the story insists, some things are worth the commitment.<br /><br />The extras on the DVD are extensive, and include Rachel McAdam's audition tape and some information on the casting process. From her audition alone, which McAdams said she prepared the night before, you can see that she's got the emotional depth to carry a film of this nature.
I went into this movie with the misconception of thinking this was just another typical romantic movie, but I was very impressed by this film and the themes portrayed in this movie were handled in a great way.<br /><br />This movie will have you feeling happy and joyful and the scenery is just brilliant. You will feel like you are part of the characters, and you will care about them throughout the whole movie.<br /><br />The movie gallops in speed as we are absorbed into the great plot and brilliant acting of all the cast involved. Ryan Gosling is brilliant as the shy and quiet Noah, and Rachael McAdams is superbly beautiful as the star of the movie, Allie.<br /><br />I did go into the movie not expecting much and that was because I thought it was a typical "boy loves girl" movie which are sometimes just too predictable. Don't get me wrong, they are some good Romantic movies that pull it off very well, but there are simply too many in that particular genre.<br /><br />The best thing about this movie was the depth of the plot and the actors playing their characters so well. The supporting cast were good, and James Marsden deserves a mention for managing to pull of a hard role as the "rich man" well. Another plus point about this movie was the great script, and you did not see too many "cliches" which is always a good sign in a Romance movie.<br /><br />It does not matter whether you love romantic movies or hate them, this is NOT just a romantic movie it is so more than that. By the end of the movie you will feel a whole heap of emotions. You will be talking about this movie for a long time.<br /><br />Go and Watch this! Amazing movie which will have you brimming with joy.
I'm an avid reader, always have been, but I've felt kind of burned out of reading as of late, and who wouldn't be after reading hundreds and hundreds of books, one after another, usually reading two books at a time, several books a week?  Also, my schedule no longer allows me the freedom to read as much as I used to.  And that is why I decided to watch this film when Netflix sent it to me despite the fact that I hadn't read the Nicholas Sparks novel first.  Now I wish I'd read the book.  This is one of the most beautiful tear-jerking stories I have seen!  Everyone who knows me knows that I'm a sucker for stories that pull at the heart strings.  They also know that stories centered on star-crossed lovers are my major weakness.  Most of my all-time favorite books and movies have those characteristics in common.  I won't go into details about the plot because I don't want to give away spoilers to potential viewers (though I'm sure many people have done that already) -- all I can say is that you cannot go wrong with this film if you're a hopeless romantic.  The actors are wonderful.  Ryan Gosling and Rachel McAdams transmit all of the right emotions and do a flawless job with the characterization.  They add a great deal of depth and range to their characters and I can't imagine better actors for the roles.  Gena Rowlands is also wonderful as the older Allie.  And I like the 1940s setting and the backdrop -- however brief -- of the second world war.  The wardrobe, settings, scenery and cinematography are flawless.  The DVD is a great investment.  The widescreen edition makes viewing all the more pleasurable.  I cannot recommend The Notebook enough.  I don't know if I'll read the book because I don't like reading novels after I have watched their film adaptations, but I will definitely read other Nicholas Sparks novels in the not-so-distant future.
I love this movie!  Yes, it is an unabashedly romantic, chic-flick tearjerker (but hey, you're talking to someone whose top 10 favorite all-time movies include Somewhere in Time and 1994's Little Women).<br /><br />I won't rehash the plot, but let me mention my favorite thing about this movie (I plan on reading Nicholas Sparks' novel someday when my schedule is less hectic)...unconditional, undiminished love. What a beautiful gesture for the elderly Noah to spend all day reading "The Notebook" in order to get his wife back for just a few minutes. When Allie becomes herself again, she asks, "How long do we have?"  The lovers know that they only have a few hard-won minutes before dementia takes Allie away again. If ever two people were soul mates, it would be Noah and Allie, from their love spats as youngsters to their deep mutual devotion until the end of their lives.<br /><br />The acting was great, and I was impressed with the range of Rachel McAdams.  I kept thinking, that girl looks really familiar, until I realized she had been Regina in Mean Girls.<br /><br />I look forward to renting A Message in the Bottle soon. Nicholas Sparks must understand his female audience very well--we love stuff like this!  Keep it coming!!!
I love this movie to bits ends.<br /><br />It's not because Ryan Gosling and Rachel McAdams catapulted to stardom or moved from reel-to-real live lovers,but rather,THE NOTEBOOK moves you tremendously as this is a heartwarming tale of two lovers who met as teenagers and were forcefully separated before reuniting some seven years later.<br /><br />Ryan Gosling is the perfect candidate for Noah.He acts pretty well,and the transformation from a young teenage Noah (who reads poems and resorts to tricks fof girls to go on a date with him) to a angst and bitter adult (drinks and work at his workshop.Oh,that moustache helped too.Or is it a beard of a stubb or something? Gosling plays it well as the pretty boy who is innocent and falling in love for the first time to a bitter man seeking solace in a young widow.<br /><br />Rachel McAdams fare better since her Mean Girls and The Hot Chick days.She plays Allie,and it proves that McAdams is a versatile actress.In Mean Girls,she was part of The Plastics,and she was clueless in Chick,while over here,in the Notebook,she's either busy kissing Gosling-turned real-life lover or screaming and yelling (she does that in the movie regardless whether she's happy or sad)or crying.She's a good actress.Allie seemed to come to life.Here,we see Allie falling in love with a country boy,Allie feeling bitter and miserable on leaving the love of her life,Noah, and Allie making a decision,Allie making love with Noah...<br /><br />The movie is definitely better than the book.Nicholas Sparks is a good author,and please do not get me wrong.He is one of my favourite authors.It's just that the movie brings the book to life,it makes the book,and not vice-versa.<br /><br />A good cast (thumbs-ups to the older Noah and Allie coupling! I never knew love can still be so passionate when you're greying and suffering from stroke and Alzheimer's),wonderful directorial debut and nice,lovely,paranomic scenery and views,what more can you ask?
I found this film to be an excellent portrail of the book, unlike the rather disappointing A Walk to Remember. The actors were believeable and the scenery ws exquisite:)
It's this simple.  This is the best love story on movie i've seen in a while.
Too often romance stories are heavy handed and fall into soap opera territory at its worst.  But the Notebook manages to convey the relationships in a realistic, entertaining way without relying on emotional manipulation.  The leads are all great and the chemistry works.  If you are in the mood for a romance, this is one of the better ones that I've seen.
I had heard of this movie before but there was no way I was going to watch a mushy love story.  After someone recommended it, I decided to watch for myself.  To my surprise, the movie was really good.  It shows what true love is all about.
Oh My Gosh! I really didn't want to see this movie at first. Like seriously I thought it sounded so stupid and I just didn't want to see it (and that's pretty bad because I am a hopeless romantic). But then i go to the video store and there is like literally nothing there that appeals to me there. So i say, "sure, i can always try it."  So i take the movie home and i get half way through it, and then i have to leave. So about three days later i pop it back into the DVD player and i start it over again. When i finished that movie the only thoughts going through my head were, "I loved that movie, i have to watch it again." I have seen that movie like 6 times since then and i still feel the need to watch it consecutively. It is such a great movie, one that when you're a grandparent you're going to tell your grandkids about how they don't know what they're missing by not seeing this movie.<br />This is like one of the best movies i've ever seen in my entire life!<br /><br />(Please Note this is not the listed C. Hamilton, it is his daughter)
This DVD came in perfect condition and in a timely manner.  Thank you so much!....  ** This movie is WONDERFUl, but should come with a warning label... if you are emotional, be careful with this one!  A great love story that you'll never forget.
Having seen Rachel McAdams in Mean Girls, and loving the trailer for this movie, I was really looking forward to seeing it.<br /><br />I was not disappointed. Our two leads (older and younger) were breathtaking. I did feel The Notebook could have been edited some more since it is quite long and slow in places but I give the director the benefit of the doubt. Since The Notebook is based on the novel by Nicholas Sparks, I do compare it to A Walk To Remember, and I do think A Walk To Remember is a better movie, but this is a close second. Recommended for the romantics. And even more recommended for the non-romantics since we need more romance in the world.<br /><br />Watch out for the Rachel McAdams screentest on the DVD where you'll really get to see how much of a beautiful and awe-inspiring actress she is. 4 stars for the movie and other special features. 5 stars for the trailer and Rachel McAdams screentest.
I found this movie very good. Yes there were some scenes but it has a strong story that made me laugh and cry. It made you sit at the edge of your seat everytime there was a climax and then a flashback to the present. I highly recomeed this movie but i don't think anyone under 13 should see it because of those 2 scenes.
After hearing someone talk about it, and hearing about it, I decided to watch it because it was on demand. Yeah it was pretty good and I really liked the duo (both old and young). Also, there was some serious eye candy in there for me (and please don't call me a teenybopper, because I saw Ryan Gosling in other films before this). Now, as for recommendations, I think there will be a lot of people who will like this movie and some who won't. The people who won't would probably not like it because it is indeed a sappy movie, no joke. I'm sure there were boyfriends or husbands dragged to see this movie and they were probably rollin' their eyes throughout the whole thing, as long as some girls too. But I did think it was well put together and well acted. I thought the McAdams girl was absolutely adorable...along with Ryan...he just looked really good (in all of his movies).<br /><br />The movie is basically about a rich girl and a not-so-rich boy who fall in love but her parents are not so chill with this fact (yeah this is a common theme, but it turns out a bit different than most of those type of movies). I'm not gonna give anything away, so you have to see what happens. You'll see why it's called "The Notebook". While there were some rather sad parts, I would not consider this movie to be a tearjerker. If you like Gone With The Wind, Titanic and love stories like that, then I'd go see it. If you have no tolerance for sap and some cliches, then just don't waste your time. I don't watch much "chick" movies or romantic comedies, but I found this to be in my best word "pleasant".
This is updated version of that ole love story most all of us love and endures.  Here, though is added the modern dilemma of Alzheimers, and its pain, but its defeatedness by a vibrant, mature love.<br /><br />The acting here is superb from the young Noah and Allie to in my mind the excellent performance by Garner and Rowlands.<br /><br />The cinematography is excellent, around vintage low-country mansions and towns of Charleston coastline.  The opening scenes are superb work and the soundtrack is adequate.<br /><br />This is lighthearted movement of the developing story between two young lovers from across opposing sides of the tracks and their struggle through parents, war and new found loves.<br /><br />Won't divulge any of this excellent Sparks written work.  Will definitely now take this volume off the wife's shelves to read and compare with the movie version.
I think that was because I saw the movie first.  The movie reflects more on the youthful relationship while the book goes more into detail of their reuniting and their elderly years in the nursing home.<br /><br />Also, what really bothered me was the point in the movie when the old Noah is looking back at photos of his wedding and they showed pics of James Garner as a young man....with jet black hair and Gena Rowlands....with platinum blond hair!!  Well, the young Noah was light haired and the young Allie was strawberry blond....so were we supposed to think that the young Noah and Allie that we were watching the whole time were just figments of an elderly woman's imagination?????????  The two who portrayed Allie and Noah in their youth looked NOTHING LIKE the wedding photographs in the album.<br /><br />But, overall, I loved the movie, saw it twice and bought the DVD.
I love this movie!  The feeling, the excitement, the passion, the whole thing makes me want more!  I almost can't watch it too often because I don't want to make it just a movie, but keep the newness and thrill alive when I do watch it!<br /><br />Although I bought it and within 2 weeks had watched it 3 times!<br /><br />This movie instills feelings inside of you that make you think about the road to come with your spouse or significant other, it makes you appreciate what you have and bond throughout cuddling together in it.<br /><br />Yes, the Titanic was a great movie with a love story that was awesome.  But of course no one liked the jerk she was destined to end up with.<br /><br />I like the realness of having two good guys in this movie, because often that happens, there isn't a good and an evil choice, it is where your heart leads you!<br /><br />Definitely BUY this movie!  All of the women and MEN I know that have watched it have cried!  Wonderful movie!!!
There is really only one thing to say about this movie. I really believe it is as close to perfect as it can get. I know there are probably alot of people who disagree, but I dont know why.This movie was exceptionally good.I havent cried this much in my life.I mean there hasn't been such a good love story/tearjerker out since Titanic.I doubt there will be a better one in the future.The Notebook is definately a great movie that I think you should really see.I know so many guys who saw this and left crying.You dont see that alot,do you?I really think everyone should give this movie a shot. It is really a wonderful love story.Sure,it's more of a girl movie,but I bet every guy could sit through it  and actually enjoy it.Well, I hope this helped in anyway.It should because I'm telling you to go out and buy this movie...NOW! And now I am done because what I wrote really seems gay.But I really am serious,this is a good movie that you are not going to want to miss out on seeing.I just got it today and I think I am going to watch it again,except this time I will have kleenex!
I loved this movie.  It's right up there with The Thorn Birds.  I loved the era and the characters and I couldn't wait to see who Allie winded up with.  It's a keeper.
Let's face it, "The Notebook" is what used to be called a "woman's film", and these days, "a chick flick".  It's a romantic tearjerker, based on a book that was... a romantic tearjerker.  With the exception of James Garner and Gena Rowlands it's a well made movie. Let's be honest, there is no way in the world that Ryan Gosling and Rachel McAdams would ever grow old and look like Garner and Rowlands! The best thing about this film is Rachel McAdams.  This young star gives such a luminous performance as Allie, that it's impossible to take your eyes off her whenever she's on the screen.  It's a warm, human and heartfelt portrayal that's so refreshing to watch that you just know this young lady was made for the part.  Ms McAdams has a bright future ahead of her, make no mistake about it.  Ryan Gosling does some of the best brooding captured on film as Noah.<br /><br />This is not a great film, but it's rescued time and again by the wonderful Rachel McAdams.  Her smile alone is worth the price of the DVD.  Sorry folks, I know the entire plot revolves around Garner, Rowlands and the notebook, but I was satisfied with the 1940's love story told in flashbacks.  High marks also for the period detail, but five solid stars for Rachel McAdams!
Love and nurture produce happiness and sanctuary to those who receive, yet it is the giver who is most rewarded.  The awareness of being the provider of tender affection is soul pleasing along with viewing the loved one being nurtured with loving care.  In times of difficulty this affection means the world, as it helps point out that they are not alone.  Often the person watching a loved one suffer will feel a mutual pain, as a deep sense of understanding exists between the lovers.  When time is taking its toll on two lovers they are there to help confirm each other's existence--a worthwhile existence, as they have devoted their life to their partner as a means of expression of the most fundamental concept of human existence - love.<br /><br />The director Nick Cassavetes who made John Q (2002) released his version of Nicholas Sparks best selling novel The Notebook.  The story takes place at a nursing home where Duke (James Garner) is a patient and a day while he is at the hospital he reads a book for one of the patents, Allie (Gena Rowlands).  The story that Duke reads for Allie brings the audience a flashback that is interrupted by medicine intakes and visiting children, now adults.  Despite the interruptions Duke continues to read for Allie with strong affection, as Allie persists that she wants to know what happens next.<br /><br />When the audience first gets to meet Allie her behavior vividly depicts someone who is suffering from Alzheimer's.  It hard not to feel sorry for her, and it makes it understandable why Duke would spend time with her.  In addition, Duke is also a patient there and is not about to leave.  As the story unfolds Allie keeps repeating that she recognizes the story, and she might have heard of it before.  These cues together with the girl in the story who has the same name as her and the title of the film should help the audience deduce that it is the same person.<br /><br />Through the flashback the audience gets to follow Allie's (Rachel McAdams), passionate summer romance with Noah Calhoun (Ryan Gosling) to which Allie's parents object.  When the summer ends Allie leaves the South to begin her college studies in New York leaving Noah behind.  Noah writes a letter a day for a year, but when he does not get any response he moves on with his life.  World War II breaks out and Noah enlists, as he gets to fight the war in Africa and in Europe under General Patton.  Allie volunteer as a nurse and through every person she helps she sees Noah's face.<br /><br />Through the volunteering she meets a severely injured man, Lon Hammond (James Marsden), who asks Allie out on a date. Allie does not think that is appropriate, but Lon returns to ask her out again after he has healed up.  The two fall in love, and eventually Lon asks her the big question.  As they plan their wedding, Allie notices a picture in a newspaper that has a photo of Noah.  Old memories come rushing back to Allie.  Overwhelmed by the old feelings being drawn back into the light she decides to return to the town where she once met Noah.<br /><br />Notebook deals with Alzheimer's and how it affects those near and dear, but it does so with kindness as the true dark nature of the degenerative disease that affects the central nervous system is never truly illustrated.  In the superior Iris (2001) by Richard Eyre one can follow the novelist Iris Murdoch (Judi Dench) and her struggle with Alzheimer's as it affects her work and beloved.  This version is darker in the sense of how the disease truly affects people from the beginning to the end.  Notebook merely touches the tip of the iceberg in regards to this horrible disease, and it also does so in other aspects.  Nonetheless, in the shadow of Alzheimer's the audience gets a feeling for how it might feel when the loving partner suddenly begins to forget to confirm the meaningfulness of each other's existence through love.<br /><br />Notebook has an intriguing way of telling a love story, and it intends to keep the audience guessing until the end.  However, it fails in this regard as the story has too much emphasis on one of characters, which generates an unbalance between the characters.  This unbalance removes any intention of suspense, as the climatic end draws nearer, which leaves the audience with a flat "well, I told you so" feeling.  The technical aspects of filmmaking are very good, as they help elevate the cinematic experience.  In the end, Notebook leaves the audience with a good romantic tale, which had strong potential to be much better.
A perfect romance movie. Young love that never dies. Simply excellent. Good soundtrack as well. A must see movie. A well justified tear jerker. Excellent, FYI grab the kleenex.
I loved the movie The Notebook. The book was wonderful and so is the movie. I cried at the end of the movie. Story was great, actors were great. An A+++. Go buy it and enjoy....<br /><br />HB
If i could give it more that 5 stars i would, 50 stars wouldnt be sufficient.  Quite possibly, no the best romantic movie ever, its so beautifully acted, written, directed, everything. It blows you away.  Fantastic Movie.
I'm an emotional movie watcher, but The Notebook was..amazing. One of the most amazing love stories ever brought to film. I have never cried harder in my life. I absolutely love stories like this, and I love crying at movies. The end was my favortie part. Now, I have to read the book. I would recommend this movie to anyone who wants a good cry. The actors and actresses are amazing. Go see it!
Having watched the movie and loved it, I couldn't help but read the book as well. Very moving love story and has a realistic side of showing that love stories don't always go like the fairytales do!
The movie was very good, but i was upset about the box, because the box was cut on the barcode part in both<br />sides. I supposed buy a new movie not a promotional cut movie.<br /><br />Thanks,<br /><br />Juan.
This movie is a must watch and if you have already watched it like I have many times,it does'nt hurt to rewatch again, you can watch it instantly and for so cheap, which made it even better, even the quality is great.
Incredible story line! I cry every time I see it. Truly amazing movie. It will tear at your heart strings every time.
Great quality streaming video. No buffering not pauses. Great movie also. Always thought it would be a "chick flick" but really liked it. I recommend it to everyone
This was such a fun movie to watch. Acting was superb. No real surprise at the ending. Maybe more of a Chick Flick.
The notebook reminds us all of how deep true love is intended to last. It made me smile so much and of course, the crying was inevitable. You can not watch this without it tugging at your heartstrings. I loved it.
An uplifting story where all the characters weave a tapestry, motivated by selfless desire to help this man and this woman find a harmonious happiness by remaining steadfastly true to their selves and their lives' paths.  The conflicts are real though subtle,  and many loves are portrayed:  for a child, for a parent, for a man, for a woman, for a friend.  The story's  eternal value: integrity and triumph of the human spirit's ability to strive, to seek, to find, and once love has been found, not to yield.
This movie is among the best I have ever seen. Had to grab tissues and it is SO real. Reminds my fiance and me of us!
I absolutely love this movie! I think it is definitely the best romantic story I've ever seen. I've watched it countless times and it still brings me to tears. So timeless and beautiful. Everyone dreams of finding a love like Noah and Ali had.<br />I highly recommend getting the Limited Edition Gift Set. It has lots of pictures,a scrapbook, bookmarks, note cards,and stickers. A nice collector's set. A must have for anyone who loves this movie like I do
I loved this movie.  Unfortunately it was just a pipe dream, because where is there a guy who is that perfect?  Who falls in love forever these days?  It seems that anymore a movie without cursing, drugs and almost pornographic sex just won't make it.  This movie has none of those things and blows them all away.  People need to remember their innocence and happiness before it's swallowed up completely by the immorality of the world today.  Thank you, Mr. Sparks for your gift of this story.
For anyone who is looking for love, or in love already, this movie brings back the pureness and trueness that love should be about. It makes you remember what it felt to love for the first time, that there is no wrong in finding that one that is meant to be, your soulmate. This movie is very realistic and inspiring, and it makes you feel that you should never give up on love, regardless of the flaws that come with it. Great movie, can't wait to buy it when it comes out on DVD.
Is love politically out of fashion? You'd think so reading some of the reviews of "The Notebook". Many critics scathingly dismissed it, more or less, as a vehicle strictly for romantics - those quaint, uneducated people who, unaware that love is a fiction, happily wallow in `sentimentality'.<br /><br />Well, to tell the truth, I am not a romantic. My personality is ill-suited for a life long relationship. I am, in fact, quite content to go my way by myself most of the time. And, yet, I HAVE known couples who have been faithful, loyal companions for decades and decades. I HAVE known couples for whom the romance has never ended. I think "The Notebook" is a fair reflection of how these people are. While all of the events probably would not be experienced by one couple, many of them have been experienced by some lovers, up to and including the movie's `ultimate' happy ending.<br /><br />The film opens in an obviously expensive nursing home. An old man called Duke [James Garner] spends a lot of his time reading from a notebook to an Alzheimer's patient named Allie [Gena Rowlands]. The notebook is a love story. It begins in North Carolina in 1940 when a rich girl [Rachel McAdams] from Charleston, SC meets a local boy named Noah [Ryan Gosling], who works in a lumber mill. She's vacationing for the summer with her parents. A torrid summer romance ensues. Both the vacation and the romance are cut short when the girl's snobbish mother [Joan Allen] realizes what is going on.<br /><br />It turns out, of course, that the notebook is really the story of the old couple in the nursing home. It is Duke/Noah's way of reaching out to his beloved wife. How that summer romance is rekindled is a fascinating story on its own.<br /><br />The key, perhaps, to the success of "The Notebook" is in the superb acting by all four of the lead players. All are absolutely believable in a movie which needs to synthesize 60 years of love into two hours.<br /><br />Frankly, I am not sure why we don't believe in love in the movies. God knows we believe in absurdly violent tales, ridiculous fantasies aimed at children, impossible sci-fi stories, impossible depictions of famous people and laughable scenarios about macho sports figures.
I saw this film as the in-flight movie on my way back from Las Vegas to Pittsburgh on American Airlines last week. I generally fall asleep instead of watching the usual drivel shown on long flights. This was a red-eye flight and sleep was foremost on my mind. WRONG!!!!! I watched the first 10 minutes of this film and I was hooked! Even though it is a "chick-flick," I was drawn into its tale of everlasting love and devotion between a lovely couple expertly portrayed by James Garner and Gena Rowlands. (Cudos and Oscar nominations should be given them!) I glanced around the plane and saw dozens of people equally fixated to their monitors watching this story unfurl (even the flight attendants were engrossed in the film between the usual beverage/snack service! It was the first time the film had been shown.) The scenes were beautifully filmed. Even though you can predict what will happen next, you can't wait for it to materialize on the small screen. The ending is the denouement of the whole story about the notebook! I won't reveal it but there were many sniffles heard on the plane and some quiet sobbing as well (both men and women!) FANTASTIC! As soon as it is released on DVD, I will buy a copy. It felt good to cry and see other men cry unashamedly about a true love as well. After all, we all need a good cry sometime -- either from joy or sorrow. This film elicits both. Make sure you have a good sturdy hankie or a large box of tissues handy -- you'll need it!!!
This is the most incredible moving, cinematic, best looking film out there.  The acting is superb.  The story is wonderful.  You will not think of getting up in the middle of this movie.  What a great love story.<br /><br />Bring some tissue.
I can't say it enough how much this film means to me. It was one of the most touching stories I have EVER heard. I read the book which was wonderful, but seeing it on screen helped bring out the true emotion brought forth in the story.<br /><br />  I loved the way the actors were portrayed. It was not a typical love story where everything is happy and everything works out. The characters, Allie and Noah, have a unique chemistry that is believable. They have REAL moments where they fight, break up, fall in love, and also those moments where they look into each others eyes and know that everything will be ok.<br /><br />  I loved the scenery, the cinemetography, the story line, and most of all, the characters. Rachel McAdams and Ryan Gosling are truely a once in a lifetime couple that will lift your spirits, and once again make you remember your first love.<br /><br /> I can't wait to own this movie on DVD. It will definitely be a prized possession. Too bad it's not going to be released before the Christmas holidays. What's up with that!?
I read some reviews that paint The Notebook in a bad light, but I liked it. It was a touching film, well written, well acted and directed, and in my opinion the actors were perfectly cast for their parts.<br /><br />The Notebook tells the tale of a summer love that stands the test of time. In a retirement home nestled along a picturesque southern river bank, an old gentleman, "Duke" (Garner), reads regularly to a charming elderly woman (Rowlands), who suffers memory loss and confusion due to dimentia. He reads to her from a book that tells the story of a young couple (Gosling, McAdams) who were drawn together during a summer of love in a small southern town. This love proves to hold strong even through separation and the impending marriage of the young lady to another man.<br /><br />My wife and I actually cried at the end. Call me shallow, but The Notebook puts things into perspective for those in a relationship. It reminds us how important love is, how special life is, and how we need to make the most of things and focus on life and really living it
I saw The Notebook in the movie theatre and I will say that there was not a dry eye to be seen.  Young, old, women and men were trying to choke back their tears in the silence of the room.  After buying the classic love story, I felt free & safe in the privacy of my own home to just *let it go* and let the tears fall as they may. I went to work the next day with swollen eyes, but my soul felt cleansed.<br /><br />The Notebook is filled with beautiful images & scenery of South Carolina which will have you pondering this destination for your next vacation.  You will laugh. You will cry.  You will learn the true meaning of love.
Well, I won't go into the plot as others have already done so, but I will tell you that this movie rates right up there with the best of the best love stories.<br /><br />To me, it doesn't even matter who starred in it or who produced it, or who's photos were in the album.<br /><br />The story emphasizes that two people who 'click' upon dating and feel that driving passion of wanting to be with each other WILL find a way to do so in spite of all obstacles - even if it seems to be fate that brings them together for the long duration. I believe there really are men out there who desire one woman only and will do anything to have her return the feelings. Some will remodel a house and wait for years for his love to find him again. Some will write letters on a daily basis, even though there's no return from them.<br /><br />I also believe two people with opposite upbringing can complement each other, as this movie so eloquently demonstrates.<br /><br />All lives twist and turn. But when we KNOW what is right for us and make the decision to follow our hearts, only good can manifest. This movie is more than a story about two people who fall in love or about dying in our old age. It's about doing what we feel led to do from within, in spite of opposing views and opinions.<br /><br />If you have any emotions at all, you will love this movie, as many others have done before you.<br /><br />Gail Gupton, Author: The 31-Day Diet of Spiritual Enlightenment and Seekers of Truth.
While flying back from Hawaii, I was able to watch this movie.  I didn't really know anything about the movie and wasn't too excited about seeing it.  But, without much else to do, I decided to give it a try and boy am I glad I did!  This has got to be one of my all time favorite movies.( I don't want to give away any of the story)  Afterwards, I got up to strectch my legs and saw the  whole plane full of people crying, both men and women!  Later, the flight attendant asked if I had seen the movie(I think she saw my teary eyes).  I told her yes and that I loved it.  She told me there was man in first class around my age (26) who told her that he wished his wife was with him on that flight so they could have watched it together.  She then told me that he told her that he would now be a better man and husband for having seen this movie!  I am preordering copies for almost everyone on Christmas list!!!
I have heard about this movie for yearsand missed it in theaters assuming that it was just another sloppy romantic movie aimed at women that traditionally I don't tend to like very often.<br /><br />I have to say that I was plesantly surprised at the film as a whole and enjoyed it. Highlights for me are Ryan Gosling as his natural portrayal felt real and honest and he deserves the acclaim he gets. Rachel McAdams was also good in her role as well. James Garner and Gena Rolands are beautiful in their roles and are wonderful to watch. The direction from Nick Cassavetes is very clean and he allows the natural performances to shine with the script. A solid film and well executed as well.
I was forced to watch this with my wife and daughter. They loved every minute of it. Although the storyline is nothing new, it was a pretty good movie - and that is coming from a grown man who generally dislikes romantic movies.
I got this for my wife, and she absolutely loved it. She already had the movie on regular dvd, but having it on blu ray is way better. Its a must have for all he women in your life.
I generally don't like dramas, but this was one of the best movies I've ever seen! eye heart ryan gosling!
This was actually a good flick.  Tugs at the ole heart strings a bit, I can admit that.  From a dude to any other dudes reading this, its really not too bad.  Theres fighting, war, stuff blows up a couple times and then also some mushy stuff.
This is one of the greatest love stories ever I have watched this movie over 30 times and i still cry!
This movie is a must have for all the romantics out there. Great acting and story line. Still makes me cry when I watch it.
Cannot say too many good things about this movie. All the acting is suburb. It tells a story that most of us will never have to experience and brings forth how fortunate we are not to have to go through this in our lifrtime.
Amazing! The best movie I have ever seen, a true love story. I definately will watch over and over again.
They shipped it the day they said and the product was as they described it it looks good and i love it :)
Was a great experience .Was fast delivery.Movie was in perfect condition.I am not a sappy movie goer but I just loved this movie.Was so very romantic.James Gardner was as always great to watch.Was sorry I had taken so long to watch this. I will  continue to purchase more items from Amazon.
I think I wrote a review for this before. It is about a true love that stands the test of time, who knows how much time or neverending. It begins with their meeting as teens till their time of departure. The things I liked, the carnival, holding hands with a girlfriend, laughing, flirting, riding the ferris wheel, having someone love you more than anything, pancakes with realness, a house with a porch and a swing, someone who never leaves, memory, old world charm, playing, being yourself with someone without being afraid, and not giving up.
This is my fav movie! I just wanted to get it on blu ray! This was a great price too!
Having read Nicholas Sparks previously, I knew that this would be a story to pull at the heart strings.  However, I was just convinced that Allie and Noah had fallen in love - their characters seem to be "one-note".  Ryan G. had a stupid look on his face most of the time, and Rachel M. did that funny high pitched laugh most of the time.  And the ending was just too contrived.  I did think that the visuals in this moving were stunning - that was the real star here!
Got this movie quickly and it is the best movie ever. i recommend this for anyone who enjoys true romance!
Originally started watching this without hubby.  He kept coming in and out of the room until finally he just sat down and watched.  He admitted this one seemed different than your typical chick flick. Picture quality over Amazon app for Roku very good.  Did not read the book, so I can't say how it compares.
Its an amazing story an a all together fantastic movie!!! My wife says its a must see an a super great movie.
havent watched it yet, but arrived packaged and in a timely fashion. awesome price for an awesome movie that ive seen several times and will see several times more when i need a good cry.
The reason this got four stars instead of five is the cheap packaging. That's my only complaint. As far as the actual movie goes, hello, it's the Notebook. The movie itself deserves 5 stars.
A beautiful movie from start to finish.  Well worth the money.  Acting is strong from the full cast.  This is a dramatic romance so that even my husband really liked it.
cant go wrong when your buying a blue ray copy of a movie you . everythign i purchas trough amazon arrives on time and as specified when prdered...thank you
I'd always hear about how a great amovie this was, but never paid any attention. This year, I decided to give it a try. I bought it on March 27,2012. I got it about a week later. Couldn't wait to see what it was all about. I LOVED IT!!. It's the kind of movie you can watch all over and over again!! Makes you want a real-life Noah for yourself! TRY IT! you won't be disappointed..
It's pretty moving.  There were a couple scenes that will stay in my memory for a long time.  I like fast cars and guns and cigars, but this was a real love story, and that's a good thing.  And it carries a pretty stern lesson also: if you have something really special with somebody, don't ever let circumstances scare you and squash it out.  The story, acting, and dialogue were great.
This was a great gift idea for a friend of mine....she loved it, the quality of the product is awesome for the price!
One of the best love stories I've ever seen! Can watch it over and over and I have.The actress playing Ally is such a great actress,I loved watching her and her energy in this movie.It made me cry more than once and still does.I absolutely LOVED this movie and the parts were played very well by all! If you don't know what happens in this movie then you will be surprised (in a good way). A definite must see movie!!
My whole family loved the movie....ages 16, 56 & 65.  We originally saw it through streaming and then had to buy it!
I love this movie it portrays what love everlasting should and needs to be. I love the story line and how this movie ends in a happily ever after till death do us part way. Nicholas Sparks writes amazing stories of true love and everlasting hope and joy. Highly recomend the book and movie
I gave this movie to someone very special to me.  They have not stopped thanking me for this.  And, I was very impressed with how Amazon sent this DVD.  It arrived looking as though it was just made.
When I first heard of this movie I thought it would suck. But then my best friend let me borrow it and I fell in love with it. It shows how much you learn and grow in the arms of someone you love. It also shows that if your love is real then that person no matter how far they travel will return back into your arms.
Great movie, lovely history, I like the drama in this movie, it is really nice how they meet and they stay together that long, Amazing film
This is entertaining, more than 5 stars.  Story carries you along and you are enveloped!!!!<br />The characters are wonderful and you can feel their emotions.<br />Great, great story!!
Interesting and somewhat provocative story of young love lasting through old age, and extremely trying medical issues.  Shows the true strength of both characters love for one another, 'til the very end.
If It makes your wife happy on date night how bad can it be?  The Notebook is a formulaic love story sure to please your S.O.  I even found myself (Shhhh) liking it quite a bit.<br /><br />The screenplay and direction is better than most Romances. Rachel Mcadams and Ryan Gosling are both very good in the film which manages to keep it's pacing even during slow periods.<br /><br />This one is worth a rental on Amazon Instant Videos or pick up the Blu ray if it's on sale for $9.99.
The Notebook deserves a 5 star rating because it emotionally effects people, holds your attention, and has a great moral. The Notebook is about an old man that is so faithful to his wife that has Alzheimer's. He is so faithful that when his kids tell him to come home from the nursing home he stays with her. While staying with her he reads her a notebook about their past by the end of the movie as she is dying she remembers everything and they die holding hands.<br /><br />The last time I saw this movie was last Wednesday, I've watched it numerous times before, and despite that I still cry at the end.<br />The first reason I think this movie deserves a 5 star rating is the plot of the movie. The reason I like the plot of the movie is that it emotionally affects you. There are so many parts in this movie that are emotionally effective mostly because the girl (Allie) gets her hart broke twice but in the end it all turns out so good.<br /><br />The second reason I think this movie deserves a 5 star rating is that it holds your attention. For example the viewer knows that Noah (the boy character) writes her 365 letters a letter everyday for a year but Allie doesn't know because her mom hid the letters from her. A few days after he tells her that he wrote her, her mom brings the letters to her. That's when she finds out that he actually did write her.<br /><br />The third reason I think the movie deserves a 5 star rating is it has a great moral it tell you never to leave the people you love. Because one day they could come through to you and that there is nothing stronger than love. It also says never marry someone for their money you will wind up unhappy in the end. You should marry someone because you love them. For example the old man never leaves his wife's side even though she doesn't know who he is and she don't even know who her kids are.<br /><br />It was very difficult for me to find a downfall to this movie but after long and hard evaluation came to the conclusion that I disliked the mother in the movie. I dislike her because she is a hypocrite, I think this because when she was younger she liked a man that was poor. Now that she is grown and her daughter is in love with a poor man she gets so mad at her ant even makes her move out of town. when she should've been the one that understood the most.<br /><br />If you are looking for a movie that emotionally affects you, holds your attention, and has a great moral, than I highly recommend the movie "The Notebook".
I like this movie. It is beautiful and touching. But I am so sick of it. It seems like this movie is all they play on tv. I'm sure this movie is lovely to a lot of people, but don't they know it can start to suck if they over play it?
this is one of my favorite romantic movies. it's very touching and heartfelt. it's very realistic, most of us can relate to losing someone you love and dream you'll find that person again someday.most of us can also relate to having your parents when you were younger,think you weren't in love with that person and not understand. of course the person in love is the only person who can decide that is the person in love. i love the ending of this movie. it's one of the best possible endings a movie could have. a must see for those who love romantic movies and happy endings.
I love this movie. One of my favorite. HOWEVER, if you are downloading on amazon..it takes forever...they need to fix this issue.
Grabs you gradually and brings you along for the ride. Very well done, The acting is about as good as it gets, the story better. Nice watch.
N. Sparks writes these emotionally over the top books that are portrayed in emotionally over the top movies...and I love that!! The movie did the book justice and I loved the cast.<br />Only problem was that the quality was HORRID!! I have fast internet so I was confused as of to why it was so blurry. Amazon changed rules so I could no longer download movies that I purchased if I don't have certain devices from them. I think that's dumb and it's made me purchase less movies from them. If I'm in a waiting room or on a trip I don't have internet (esp good enough to load a movie) to watch it online.
Hello, just writing to let you know that I am very happy with my purchase, for this is my favorite movie, however I wish you would have described on the details section that the movie is widescreen only and not full screen this really upset me because I prefer movies that are full screen.Just thought I should give you some feedback on that for your future postings. Other than that, the shipping was super fast! Thank You.
I have wanted to buy this movie for a long time, there is nothing I can say about it except that it is the best love story I have seen in many years.  Great actors, great story, if you've ever been in love you will loose yourself in this film.  Buy it and enjoy.
The actors in the movie do a fantastic job in portraying their characters! There is some Nudeity, but the ending is so adorable and makes it all worth it!!!!
it was  just  as expected  i used the dvd  as  part of a raffle for a cancer fundraiser and it was deeply appreciated.
I bought for a friend bought watched years ago.  Powerful movie, showing often part of what authentic love is all about.....beyond the "chemistry" and excitement of a new relationship.  Check it out for sure if you havne't....you'll wonder why you havn't.
This movie grips your heart and soul like none other...Especially for those who have a loved one with Dimentia or Alzheimers...You get so enthralled, 3 hours flies by like nothing..A must see...
I really liked this movie a long time ago when I saw it, so when it was on sale on Amazon, I had to get it.  I'm not generally a chick flick kind of girl, but I remembered liking this one.
This would be one of the best movie I've ever see what a great story, a fantastic insight of married life a commitment of love and devotion.
I purchased this for my daughter. What a great love story, (Every time we watch it). Thank you for the great price and quick delivery. We'll be back for more soon.
This was Christmas gift for my mother. This is her favorite movie and I found such a great deal on Amazon that I couldn't pass it up. Now she doesn't have to watch it when it's on TV with all the commercials.
A friend asked for exactly this and I am so glad I was able to find it on VHS as the common format now is DVD or Blue Ray.  It is gratifying to give a gift that someone really wants.  Thank you so much.
'The Notebook' is a very moving and emotional movie. Had seen the movie once before but my girlfriend Anita proclaimed it to be her favorite movie, so therefore I got her the blu-ray version for CHRISTmas, she absolutely loved it.
Finally saw the movie for the first time in December.  Loved the movie so much I decided to order the movie for my dvd collection.
I ordered this from best buy and They messed up my order and send me the sd version and when I called them and said its not what I paid for they told me the movie in Blu ray is out of stock smh thanks for saving Christmas
I have watched this movie a million times and never get tired of it! The acting is incredible and the movie is truly a great story. It definitely touches the viewer's heart. If you have not seen the movie, you have to watch it. You won't regret it!
One of my alltime favorite movies and many of my friends love this story as well. Have watched this movie at least 6 times already.
I have not received the product yet, but it still says it hasn't been shipped yet, though it says that it will arrive today. I placed my order four days ago, and this is quite worrying. I do not appreciate my order not being shipped until the day it is due for arrival. If it only takes less then a day, which is hard to believe, I do not understand why it had to wait four days and not the day after or at least two to three days after.<br /><br />GREAT PRICE THOUGH!
The movie show really good, and coloring is clear, sound in this movie is good. I would recommend this movie to friends and family members.
Parts of this movie were filmed near my home on Edisto Island, South Carolina. That's about the only reason I decided to purchase it. It's a perfectly fine movie, but not something I would care to watch over and over.
favorite love story in awhile, the movie is worth buying. true love doesn't happen to everyone, so its nice to see a movie that reminds you on what true love is
Great movie, and arrived in great condition. This movie will be one of my top ten favorites of all time.
the dvd was in great condition. its a great movie and i enjoyed it very much. arrived quickly also. thank you so much.
This is one of my all-time favorite movies. I was glad to find it on Amazon for such a great price.
This movie it is awesome, i love the book too, its a great love story, how the love can be forever and never end, i cry every time i see it, i recommend this movie to any person, if u watched with your couple it if even better
If you like romance, you'll love this movie. If you like timeless stories, you'll love this movie. If you have a sore spot for elderly people, you will love this movie. If you have ever had a relative that struggled with Alzheimer's, this movie will resonate with you and I definitely recommend it, but only if you are prepared to cry for hours on out.
I just received this product in the mail today and I could not be any more pleased! I paid less than $14 for this product and it was worth every cent. I love The Notebook (the movie and the book) so when I came across this product on amazon, I just had to take advantage of such a wonderful offer. I know the WHOLE entire script to the movie verbatim... this shows just how in love I am with the movie. Everytime I watch it, I can't help but cry. No exaggeration. I really can't explain why I love this movie as much as I do, but I do know... that Noah and Allie share the kind of love that people go their whole lives yearning for but never finding. I don't know if real love (like displayed in the movie) is even real or if we are even capable of experiencing, but it must be the best feeling in the world to know that there is someone who loves you unconditionally and loves you just as much as you love them. Anyway, back on focus - this product is worth the cost and I advise all "The Notebook" lovers to make the purchase! You won't be disappointed. :)
The Notebook is a great love story and the movie delivers very well. Both Ryan Gosling and Rachel McAdams do a wonderful job as the young Noah & Allie. I watch my copy of this movie quite often and so I obviously love it. Each of us would be so lucky if we had a love like theirs (yes, probably a love found mostly in movies and books).<br /><br />So why didn't I give it 5 stars? Well, there is one reason which I wonder bothers anyone else out there. While I adore James Garner and Gena Rowlands and admit they are both wonderful actors, I question having them play the older Noah & Allie as they look nothing like the younger version of Noah & Allie. From their facial structure to their body frames it's hard for me to see them as the older Noah & Allie. They just don't fit the roles, although their acting is wonderful and touching. This is my biggest problem with the movie. Personally I would have liked to have seen both Ryan Gossling & Rachel McAdams "aged" or at least have someone play them that resembled them a bit better.<br /><br />Plus I have to admit it would be nice to know what happened to Allie's parents. (Going to get the book to find out).<br /><br />Overall The Notebook is a wonderful movie if you're willing to suspend belief for a bit.
I've never enjoyed a book/movie more.  I've read the book twice and watched the movie over and over.  It is a sweet, sweet story.  Of course, Hollywood has added explicit love scenes and profanity, but I scoot past as much as possible and enjoy the rest.  Great acting and really excellent casting.  Thanks Amazon and Seller.
The movie was good. But when I got the box, it was torn up and the case of the DVD was messed up and had been cut.
This is such a sweet movie.  It makes me cry every time I see it.  I don't want to give the movie away for those who haven't seen it, but it is well worth the purchase.  I thought it would be a movie that only women would enjoy, however, my husband enjoyed it almost as much as I did.
I recieved this video on time and as promised Thank God because I got it for my girlfriends birthday and being a guy...I waited till the last minute and although I did have to watch this chic flick with her, I promised I would for her birthday;)
Excellent video tape.  I will recommend this to most people. It is touching & sentimental. Nice to see they still are making nice films like this.
Love this movie so much I had to have a copy of my own, it is a movie about what is happening in our country as the population is aging, and its about a love, true love that never dies, the possibility of not knowing your spouse from one minute to the next would be devastating.  Well written and produced.
I have wanted this movie since the first time I saw itand I got it at such a great price.
The package arrived on time and in great condition. Could not be happier. Watching The Notebook in Blu-ray is like watching it for the first time all over again (slight sarcasm...but the blu-ray is nice)
When I first watched this movie I cried so hard because I could relate to Allie.  She had her TRUE love but was being forced by her mother to marry someone else.  You should never compromise your heart and you should never make trade offs.  If you truly LOVE someone, you should tell him/her and be determined to follow through from that point on.  No one has the right to tell you who YOU should love OR marry for that fact.  I loved James Gardner because he shows how much she meant to him by admitting himself into the senior facility and always being there to help her.  And the end, they both die together.  Label me a romantic but I think we all fantasize about romance some point in life.  Who doesn't!!  I keep this movie in my DVD library and watch it when I want to cry.  This was an excellent movie and I would recommend you buy it.  Thanks for reading and Much happines and joy, Anna R. Wells <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00004WI5F">Where the Heart Is</a>
The Notebook was great! I should have bought it before. My husband does not like to watch movies and enjoyed this one very much.
I loved this movie from start to finish.  I never read the book and now am interested in finding that too as the books are usually always better than the movie.<br /><br />Okay, I only have one minor problem with this movie.<br /><br />Towards the middle of the movie the rich snobbish mother reveals a secret to allie; that she too fell in love with someone from the other side of the tracks and also gave him up for someone that was better off.  So why than, after being through the same thing herself, wouldnt she be more understanding about her daughter and encourage her instead of trying to end her daughter's relationship.  This makes no sense to me.  It seems the father is more understanding than the mother and you would think it would be the other way around.<br /><br />But still a great movie.  A real tear jerker
This was a new video and received in excellent condition.  This is one of those special movies that is a classic in my book!
This review is about: The Notebook (DVD)<br />I was following three Nicholas Sparks stories, !. A Walk to Remember, 2. Now and Then, 3. The Notrbook.<br />As to # 3;  It is a wonderful story! It is  a compelling romance of two young people in  a rural town. While very young the couple engages in a heated physical<br />scene (but not vulgar beyond heavy breathing). As they grow uo they drift apart entering into marriages to others. A lifetime later, they are shown<br />very old and oddly enough in the same senior citizens home,  But they have a journal the lady (now an Alzeheimers victim) had  written<br />throughout the years.  Now that's revealing too much,  just buy the DVD and watch it.  James Garner is perfect in this!<br /><br />  Thanks from "A senior reviewer"
i have not read the book so for now i give this a 5. i will probably read the book at some point and want to demote the rating. This movie portrays love at its more powerful place and that is to love someone who cannot love you back anymore, in her case due to altzheimers. It shows the power of love crosses the barriers of time and space when they are young and separated but finds its way back to them and then they have a life together. And love continues to move between them to the point that even death will not separate their love. As the Bible says, love never fails and endures all things...that is what the message of this movie is about.
What a wonderful story. Heartbreaking at times, but the most romantic movie i have ever seen. I was in tears most of the movie. Great Actors throughout. A must have chic flick!
This is one of my favorite movies ever!  Rachael McAdams is absolutely wonderful in this.  This is the first movie I saw her in and immediately fell in love with her.  I usually don't like love stories, but this one I totally do! I've watched this movie over 5 times and will watch it again for sure.
it was an excellent movie. i recommend  for everyone to see it, most especially if you are dealing with this dementia at home.
Oh my god, what a beautiful, romantic but sad story. A tale of a marriage, a tale of having to choose between your heart and societal expectations. Not at all predictable and that is the reason I liked this love story as much as I did.<br /><br />I totally cried when I watched the part of the movie when the wife slipped into dementia and couldn't remember her husband. I thought it was just amazing how he stuck to her side to the very end...despite all others telling him to give up. A love like that is something to be admired...definitely.<br /><br />If you get the DVD, I recommend watch the deleted scenes in the special features section as it underscores the story rather than deletes from it... and I say the MPAA are a bunch of prudes for cutting the love scenes like they did! Yeah, they were graphic in parts, but it fit the story and wasn't done in a prurient manner.
The Notebook is based on a book with the same name by Nicolas Sparks.  Its a very sweet love story that brought tears to my eyes.  The movie opens with a man (played by James Garner) reading a story to a women (played by Gena Rowlands) in a nursing home.  The story is of young love.  Ryan Gosling and Rachel McAdams play the young couple, Noah and Allie.<br /><br />At one point in the film, Allie has to choose between her love for Noah and love for her fiance Lon.  She says, "When I'm with Noah I feel like one person and when I'm with you I feel like someone totally different."  I thought that was such a great sentiment highlighting the challenges in choosing love.  The scene really illustrates how hard it can be when your heart is torn between two loves.<br /><br />As the film continues, the viewer realizes that the man and woman in the nursing home is actually the young couple in the story.  The older Allie now has advanced Alzheimer's disease.  She rarely remembers her family and Noah reads her their story to remind her of their lovely life together.  This is a beautiful story that is guaranteed to bring a tear or two to your eyes.
I abosolutely love this movie.  It was the perfect love story.  I liked it so much, I also got the book.
The notebook presents a very cohesive story that moves from present to past back and forth without being confusing or boring,.you grow to love the couple and their love seems to be the ideal that anyone wishes for,.a bit on the sad side could bring a teary eye while watching,.I'm not into dramas,.but this movie is just amazing,.great locations and wardrobe an extraordinary film.!
I ordered this for myself but I can see this being a great gift. It is very true to the movie and is really cute.
God's inspired word states that "if I have the gift of prophecy and can fathom all mysteries and all knowledge, and if I have a faith that can move mountains, but have not love, I am nothing" 1 Corinthians 13:2 (New International Version). The undeniable power of love is eloquently depicted in the film, The Notebook, directed by Nick Cassavetes and based on the best-selling novel of the same name written by acclaimed author, Nicholas Sparks. The filmmakers and casting directors unearthed a treasure when they chose Ryan Gosling, Rachel McAdams, James Garner, and Gena Rowlands to portray, through time, the main characters of Allie Hamilton and Noah Calhoun (New Line Productions, Inc., 2009). Each of these actors brings a fresh, interesting, and distinctive ambiance to their characters. The costumes are beautifully authentic, the cinematography is excellent, and most importantly, this tender love story has the ability to capture viewers' hearts and transport them to another time and place. The emotional power of this extraordinary film is that, if we stop long enough to ponder the thought, each of us has probably had the experience and inspiration of knowing a real-life Noah and Allie. Maybe your own romantic relationship is a testament of true love. This story resonates with anyone who has ever loved another passionately with all their heart and soul. It is a film for anyone who values a beautiful story that demonstrates the astonishing power of love.<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000SNQWXS">The Notebook</a><a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00023B1E4">The Notebook</a>
If you like "chick flicks" you will undoubtedly enjoy "The Notebook".  It has all the ingredients for success.  Good looking actors/actresses, nice setting and scenery, as well as great story line.  There is plenty of romance and more than enough "hanky" scenes.  My daughters and wife loved it, and I had no trouble (the only man in the room) staying interested.  If you like this type of movie, this is definitely one of the better ones.
A friend recommended this to us and we were not disappointed!  This is a moving story of real and selfless love--I could watch it over and over.  Don't forget to have a box of tissues handy with this flick.
This is certainly a girls movie, but I got my husband to watch it w/ me!!! He actually enjoyed it too.<br />The movie is awesome in Blue Ray!!
great movie, great watching quality, and i loved that i could stream the movie to my television.  I enjoyed it better than my Netflix.  will def. be watching more movies thru here more often.  oh and this movie is super beautiful and so sad.  i cry every time i watch it. :)
An excellent movie with a moving story line that pulls you in, I actually liked it(and I hate chick flicks)
Greetings....<br /><br />This is an awesome movie. A truly marvelous love story.<br /><br />When ones love disappears a bit every day,<br />the heart tears bit by bit with this journey<br />into living oblivion. There is no resolution. For<br />memory fades like the sun going down in the west.<br /><br />Watch the movie and you will get some idea of the<br />effect on the one cognizant of a life disappearing<br />and the effect on the one remaining.<br /><br />Recommend the movie highly.
This is an excellent film, the way it introduces one in the beginning and the way it takes you through the young lives of the main characters prior to the days of visits and conversations.<br /><br />The purcahse was priced right, sent and received quickly and in good condition, one of my all time favorites about life and love.
This movie is the greatest love story ever!  Everyone should have their true loves just once in their lifetimes. For people who are with their true loves are very lucky. For people who let their true loves go,  Go get them back before they are gone forever.  Also for people who haven't find their true loves, keep trying and good luck!  Everyone (Women and Men) should watch this movie and it's about great love story for all ages and generations.
The Notebook Movie<br /><br /> The Notebook(2004), by Nick Cassavetes is beautiful, romantic, has a love that surpasses all obstacles and the greatest love story this century has seen, it should not go unseen.  Though, be prepared to go through a few tissues, and do not worry, it brings some good laughs and warm feelings as well.<br /><br />The movie is set in the 1940's in South Carolina.  With a beautiful music score and gorgeous scenery, this movie will take your breath away.  It is carefree, fun, and it takes you back to a time without high technology and security alerts to get in the way, all you get with this is love.<br /><br />The entire story is being read by an old man to an old woman in a nursing home.  He is telling the story of a young man, Noah and a young woman, Allie, and their love for each other.  He goes through their entire lives from the moment they meet at a carnival to the moment Allie has to choose between her fianc&eacute; and Noah.  The movie goes through all the obstacles and circumstances that test the true strength of real love.  In the middle somewhere it becomes apparent that the old man and the old woman are really Noah and Allie all grown up, still together.  Though the biggest obstacle of all time is present, Alzheimer's, but Noah is still there by her side trying to bring her and her memory back.<br /><br />The Notebook has its clich&eacute; moments but the actors Ryan Gosling (Noah) and Rachel McAdams (Allie) really pull it off beautifully.  Anyone and Everyone can connect and yearn for the love in this love story. Guys and girls alike will fall in love with this movie.
I found this movie to be a breath of fresh air compared to a lot of the other garbage that seems to be making its way to the the big screen these days.  Why don't they make more movies like this anymore(?).....beautifully filmed & choreographed, meticulously acted, terrific costumes, characters you really care about and feel for.  The only minor complaint I have....and maybe it is just me being pessimistic....but I felt the ending was just a little too perfect. I mean it's nice for a movie to end with a beautiful gift bow wrapped around it, but come on!!!  I don't want to give away the ending for anyone who hasn't yet seen it so I won't say anymore than what are the chances of something like this happening in real life....? In fact, at moments I felt as if I was suddenly developing a cavity from the sweetness of it all. Now on the other hand, I absolutely LOVED "A Walk to Remember" and highly recommend it to anyone who hasn't yet seen it.  I also feel that the ending was a little more realistic.
First off, I'm a 24-year-young male, and I absolutely adore this movie for more reasons than I care to expound on right now. When I heard they were releasing this limited edition set 2 days after my birthday, I knew it was pretty simple to find out what I was gonna get myself this year as a present :). I had this on pre-order for almost 60 days I was so excited to get it! I can probably say I was AS excited, if not more excited, to get this DVD set than when the original came out in 2005. And I'll be honest, I'm almost tempted to go out and buy a Blu-Ray player right now just so I can have it in upscaled 1080i and TRUE 1080p! I know, ridiculous, but like I said, this movie is fantastic, and I'm a true fan through and through.<br /><br />But this leads me to the biggest reason I'm only giving it 4 stars and not 5 (I could easily give it 5 stars based on being bias, but I'm gonna be truthful). I was really hoping for the two infamous, remaining deleted scenes on this L.E. DVD set (bathtub scene, and kitchen table scene), but they were not on there. In fact, the DVD that comes with this set is an exact replication of the stand-alone DVD that came out 4 years ago. I'm so disappointed that they did not provide ANY additional extras for this movie than what all us fans have already seen. Additional "Making Of" featurettes would have been nice, maybe some bloopers/gag reels, maybe even an extended version of the filming locations and stuff.<br /><br />The stuff that did come in it (the spiral-bound picture book, bookmarks, stickers, notecards and envelopes, etc.) are all great, but it would have been great to spruce up the DVD features as well if there's all this focus on "Limited Edition." Not disappointed overall, cuz I would be owning it either way it came, I just think it left me surprised they didn't give us die-hard fans anything extra on the actual DVD to watch that we hadn't seen before.<br /><br />Still a good buy though if you love the movie.
I love this movie and I can watch it over and over.  I think every good thing has already been mentioned by other reviewers.  The main thing that made it so beautiful to me was their love even at their age.  In our current times where divorce is rampant, love that lasts til death is something that should be so cherished.
This is my all time favorite romance movie....can watch it anytime to get that warm tingly feeling of happiness and peace with the world!  I recommend this movie to all!  It can take you back to that innocent, sweet, passionate remembrance of your first love!  Great watch!
A lot of friends recommended that I watch this movie.  I've rented it a few times and then returned it never getting around to slipping in the DVD before it was due back.  I finally watched it on Amazon Video on Demand on my computer (nice way to do movies by the way).<br /><br />Anyway, I knew it was about an elderly couple and their memories of the past.  However, I didn't know the twist that the wife had dementia.<br /><br />I found the story familiar and predictable - one that has been told quite a few times in various ways in romance(even I'm guilty of that) - the rich boy/girl falls in love with poor lower class boy/girl causing obstacles.  Those scenes were definitely predictable, however, what kept them on the cutting edge of interesting was the heartbreaking tale of a man who still loved a woman so desperately that he would do anything to help her remember their love.  Do men really love like that?  (Sorry, had to throw that in there.)<br /><br />Not a five-star Hollywood Oscar winner, but an interesting few minutes of watching a story of two people in love.
Its refreshing to see a movie like this for a change. I almost felt that hollywood could not make a movie that was not lewd and crude anymore. Its a love story thats you will enjoy.
I was very pleased with this purchase! It came very fast! There were few if any scratches and the dvd worked when I watched it! I would definitely buy from this seller again! Thank you!
Word gets around about a good movie and The Notebook was mentioned to me with high marks and that is why I purchased this movie.<br />Unlike many movies today that has foul language this cinema has none of that and has honest-to-goodness good performances by two seasoned actors reliving their life story by two young people who also hold nothing back in their feelings for one another.<br />I would give this movie five stars because of the script,the venue, and the performances. One of the best love stories I have seen.
I enjoyed this movie.  Great love story.  I recieved it in good condition and in a timely manner.  I would recommend this if you like love stories/chick flicks.  It is entertaining.
History is riddled with lovers who overcame the odds, be they social or cultural, to be with each other. Think Romeo and Juliet, Pride and Prejudice, West Side Story, Beauty and the Beast, and now, love it or hate it, Twilight. It's their courage and faith in their love that makes these stories so memorable to billions down through the centuries. It's a story that's been told a thousand different times with a thousand different variables thrown in. And yet somehow it never gets old. The Notebook is nothing new. It's been done before. But somehow it captures the essence and passion that goes deeper than mere obsession into the real purpose that lovers find in each other. To quote a main character "Our love can do whatever we want it to". With society's rising skepticism and disillusionment with real, true love and commitment (demonstrated by the decreasing number of relationships making it to marraige and the staggering increase of divorce), it's stories like these that lend a glimmer of hope and belief in a darkened world. There is such a thing as love and there is someone out there who's made for you.<br /> This is an unambitious, simple film about love but it's that very simplicity that makes it so charming and extraordinary. The story centers around Noah (Ryan Gosling) a quiet, simple Southern small-town boy, and Allie (Rachel McAdams), vivacious Southern belle born into Southern money. Their improbable summer romance might be viewed as mere infatuation by some, but watch these two scenes: the beach scene where Allie insist that she could have been a bird in another life and Noah delivers one of the film's most memorable lines. He might not know about reincarnation but he knows this much: "If you're a bird then I'm a bird". The second is the first love scene in the old house when the tell each other "I love you" for the first time. You can feel it's true. Such an emotionally rich scene. But at their age, there's just too much to overcome and Allie's rich and protective parents put an end to the imprudent match. The rest of the movie tells how their live's path led them in different directions but ultimately wound up bringing them back to each other. However, in the seven years that have past there is now a fiance in Allie's life and she must choose which path to follow. Apparently a very difficult decision to make. In my opinion, if you're having trouble deciding between two men it's not likely that the right choice lies with either but I've never been in Allie's position. Regardless, the storyline is great, music is effective, beautiful without being cliche or predictable. The script could have used some revision I thought. I couple of key scenes are golden, but some would have been better if the lines were different. The acting is good, especially Rachel McAdams with her convincing portrayal of the wild, impulsive, but carefully brought up society belle in emotional upheaval. This was her breakthrough film that opened up her career to movies such as Wedding Crashers, State of Play, and Sherlock Holmes. Ryan Gosling does a good job with the homeboy role. Even though I'm a guy, a romance film is very difficult for me to enjoy if i don't like the guy (How to Lose a Guy.., The Proposal) but not only is he a heartthrob with my sisters, he's an unpretentious and honest performer.<br /> So while this film will not be received with tireless enthusiasm by everyone (especially us guys) simply for the fact that it's such a common Hollywood theme, it's so beautifully crafted that I would recommend at least viewing it once. You don't have to like it, but I did, my sisters did. And I think, if you keep your heart open, then just like love it might catch you by surprise.
GOOD STORYLINE BUT TO PREDICTABLE.  NEEDED A LITTLE MORE SPICE AND CURIOUSITY.  GLAD I PURCHASE FOR LITTLE OR NOTHING.  ONCE AGAIN THE SERVICE OF AMAZON WAS GREAT.  KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK.
This is the most beautiful love story I have ever seen. I rate it 10 tissues.
I absolutely Loved this movie! I'd have to say one of the best love stories I've ever watched. But at the same time it stirred the emotions for me as well. As my mother died from Alzheimers. I can't think of another illness more heartbreaking then this one. James Garner and Gena Rowlands brings not only the realization of this to life in the movie The Note Book, but also shows what true love is really all about! Standing by the love of your life thru the best of times as well as through the hardest of times. Rachel Mc Adams and Ryan Gosling performances were excellent as well, such talented young people they truly lived their parts. Just an incredible movie! I give it five stars.<br /><br /><a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B003B1X80Y">The Notebook [Blu-ray</a>]<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001HZK8FY">The Notebook (Limited Edition Gift Set)</a>
Excellent story.... I've seen this about a 3 or 4 times already and enjoyed it each time. Got this for my daughter and she loves it.
One of the most beautiful, romantic movies ever made. The music, the scenery, the actors. Perfectly done. Romantic and moving, not cheesy. A must have.
I was undecided about buying this product, because there are other people selling it, but here you'll pay less, you'll receive the same product, and in less time, because the shipping whas great.<br /><br />The movie comes with two subtitles: English / French, and it comes in a great hard cover that protects your package, also the movie case is fully protected (sealed), ther'es no trick in this product, what you see is what you get.<br /><br />I was very happy i made my purchase with this people.<br /><br />Things i didn't like: I didn't receive a tracking number, but the seller always answered all my emails right away. great comunication with the seller.
The movie was incredible! Excellent love story. A little slow to start (first three to five minutes) but then, when the love story begins, when it unfolds, and when it ends, you find yourself devoured into it. The ending was totally unexpected; a wonderful surprise. My husband and I watched it and we were both sobbing throughout the movie.<br /><br />I normally read the book before seeing the movie, however, this movie was so wonderful, I'm purchasing the book.  I bought another movie for a friend as a gift.<br /><br />This movie is very well directed, full of passion, superb actors and I love seeing the classic cars and fashion of that era.<br /><br />This movie is a must!
This is one of the most gorgeouse romantic stories ever! Great for couples to watch, something for every one here!! And the actors had such great chemistry...so perfect. Makes me cry every time I watch.
i love this movie!  It arrived on time & in good condition.  I would definitely use this vendor again.
This is my all time favorite movie. Every time I watch this movie it moves me more and more. I just can not get enough of this movie. I love it! What true romance and love!
Story about young and old love.  Two young kids from opposite ends of society fall in love despite the dissatisfaction from the girl's parents.  They go through many tough times, and the twist at the end of the movie depicts how strong love can be and what one is willing to do to be by the side of their soul mate.
I love the Notebook!  It's the best and most romantic love story I've every seen!  Better than "Love Story" and better than Romeo and Juliet!  And it is beautifully done!<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000683VI4">The Notebook (New Line Platinum Series)</a>
Read the book, I enjoyed it much more than the movie. The movie is abridged plus added material which isn't in the book. If you like Hollywood drama is one thing but the book goes into detail which relates to real life and gives you a feeling of essence of life and what it is to love another human being. Nicholas Sparks is an exceptional writer. Every time I read the Notebook I cry as if it is my first time. I will mention in passing I saw the movie "A Walk to Remember" and also read the book. There too the movie is much more removed from the book (than the Notebook) with a lot left out. To be in sync with real life better read the books than to buy the dvd's!
A very good love story. I liked it more than I thought I would. Very well done. I would see it again.
It would be very easy to simply dismiss this movie as another tear-jerker chick flick.  But soon you get caught up in its pace and the story line.  Before you know it, you find yourself immersed with the characters.  And even though you can probably predict the ending, you still want to go along for the ride, it is that enjoyable!  An excellent family movie anytime!
Have plenty of kleenex ready before watching this movie.  You will need it at the end.  The build up is a study in bad chemistry.  The two seem not made for each other, but they go against all to prove everyone wrong.  A normal person would just walk away so many different times.  I wonder if one of the characters were abusive whether this would be the same movie?  See it for yourself - it is worth watching at least once.  Then decide for yourself.
My 90 yr old friend loves this movie..He requested that I get this for him.
Excellent - my DVD was delivered on time and in excellent shape. Thanks so much!
I really liked this gift box, I'm obsessed with the Notebook so this was the perfect item for my collection.
product arrived quickly but was scratched.  vendor responded immediately and sent a replacement and offered to credit the purchase price.  I was impressed, but haven't seen the credit yet.  :(  but he was eager to replace it.
Wonderful romantic movie about two people, Noah and Allie, and their lives.  The movie is told with an older set of the charactors, played by James Garner and Gena Rowlands, who are wonderful in the roles.  She is often disoriented and confused and he takes care of her and reads to her.<br /><br />We are then introduced to their earlier lives and how they met and struck up their relationship and see how their love developed through the years.<br /><br />It may be a bit sappy at points, but not overly so, and overall the story is well told with warthm and also some heartbreak along the way.  Even my husband, who does not particularly care for these kind of movies, found it very enjoyable, and he even became a bit choked up at points.
This is one of those rare occurrences where the movie is better than the book. I am a hopeless romantic and this film tugged at my heart strings. Some parts are a bit sappy, but overall the story is fantastic.
Yes, it's a must have for the romantic peoples, it's a great package, the only thing that I'm disappointed from it, is that this edition doesn't contain French audio as it is referred about it on http://www.blu-ray.com/movies/movies.php?id=1969, otherwise it's really excellent. I advise everyone to have it.
If you love this movie, you have to buy this Limited Edition Gift Set. WOW!  I LOVE IT! It came with a bunch of cute keepsakes and memorabilia (stickers, pictures, scrapbooking nic-nacks, stationary etc.) Simply worth EVERY penny. Huge fan of this movie.
A wonderful addition to any collection.The HiDef sound helps bring this love story to life even more.
Actors I loved  as I was younger, still captured my heart.Their love was so strong... oh to have a love like that...
This was a tremendous movie, and a moving account about Alzheimer's and loving devotion. I highly recommend it.
Prepare yourself for one of the best love stories around.  This story will make you laugh, cry and fall in love with the characters.  It has an ending that you do not expect but eventually think it could not have ended any other way.  I loved this movie.
I love, Love, LOVE this movie. It is the best romantic movie from the past 10 years!
Overall, a very pleasant transaction.  This item was delivered within the deadline and in the condition promised.  I would gladly buy from this seller again.
I read the book and had a copy of the movie.  Somehow the movie got misplaced and I was heartbroken -- as I had been loaning it out to my colleagues who work in the Senior Care profession.  The story carries a deep message for those working with Alzheimer's patients - LOVE.  I could not readily find this movie on VHS and securing a copy via AMAZON was a true blessing. Thanks!
It is a great gift for your girlfriend. If you buy this movie, she will think you are a very sensitive and romantic guy.
one of the best romance, relationship, films out there. seeing it once is not enough!!  i feel monthly would be a good idea.
this was a great purchase. was exactly how it was descirbed. Played without problem. would definitly buy from here again
I absolutely love this movie.  A friend told me about it only recently.  Even though it has been out for awhile I never saw it before.  I think it is charming and yet intense.  It is a beautiful love story.  I think it is a movie for the younger generations as well as the older generations.  Even though some may call it a chick flick, I know plenty of guys who will admit to really liking it too.
This is a lovely movie and is one of the best romantic movies I have ever seen. It is not cheesy or silly, but is a realistic, poignant love story. It is about enduring love, a love that lasts forever, a love that everyone wants to find at least once in their life. When you watch this movie, it makes you laugh, it makes you cry- you feel intoxicated as you watch these two characters fall in love, and  heartbroken when you see them as an older couple, dealing with the issues that befall older people. It is a great movie- I highly recommend it.
IF THIS MOVIE WAS BASED ON A TRUE STORY, IT WOULD DEFINITELY SHOW THAT YOUR FIRST TRUE LOVE WOULD BE WORTH WAITING FOR IF IT WAS MEANT TO BE.
This movie is a tearjerker but it is so sweet, it has beautiful scenery and the acting is great.  Loved it!
I had viewed this movie on cable.  I then bought it for my Mom for Xmas.  It is a tear-jerker but so believeable and down to earth.
This movie is wonderful. It displays what real love is and what a lot of marriages are missing-love, honor, and cherish til death do us part. Excellent characters and a magnificent story line.
This was a gift for my daughter, she loves "the notebook" story. This movie isn't quite the same as the book version, but very enjoyable and a must see if you've read the book.
not sure writing a review is even necessary, theres 700 other reviews on this site alone, and if you havent heard of this movie, lets face it, its not your type of movie.  just had to mention its the greatest movie ever.  the end.
It's just such a great movie and love story you have to see it and read the book! Anything by Nic Sparks is worth buying movies or books.
The Bottom Line:<br /><br />The Notebook is better in its "past" sequence than its "present," but overall the movie is well-acted and succeeds in creating a likable couple and maybe bringing a tear or two to the eye.
The book and video that I have read and watch was very touching<br />and enjoy very much. To love somebody still death even if she<br />has forgotten you due to sickness.... there's no words in the dictionary<br />to describe the story.
It's easy to just sort of shrug this movie off at first glace as a classic "girls" movie, but the actors, especially Gosling and McAdams make this film special.  The chemistry between these two is electric, so rare in movies these days, and Garner and Rowling are good as well.  I really was not a fan of Gosling before this, but in The Notebook he exudes charm and he really makes you root for him.  The movie, though long, really never wains, the pace is evermoving and the leads keep it interesting.  There are few moves by McAdams character that make you puzzled and certain other characters are a bit, uh too charatible to be believed, but you really dont care because your so vested in the out come of the leads.  If your looking for a romantic movie, that will touch your heart than you wont be disappointed in this film.  If this movie does not make a tear run down you face, then you need to get to a cardiologist and have him check you for a heart.
Product was promplty delivered, in great shape.  Couldn't have asked for a better price and quality, A++ service.  Thanks!
Beautiful story.  Made me cry my eyes out & I'm not the type to bawl over a movie.  My husband even likes it!
This is my all time fave movie !!<br /><br />This movie coverd all interests, well besides extreme action...lol<br /><br />Ok, if you haven't seen this movie yet....WERE Have You Been Hiding ???:S<br /><br />I watched this movie over and over and needed a box of tissue<br />every single time.<br /><br />It's by far the best Tear Jerker EVER !
This is a love story for the ages. It is interesting, touching, and deeply emotional. Watch it with someone you love.
Actually a pretty good movie. Watch it with your lady and she will be melting into your arms by movies end.
I have purchased many different things from this distributer and I love it!! product is guaranteed as asked for.
The Notebook was all I had hoped it would be and more. My friend recommended this movie a long time ago. I finally decided to buy the DVD and watch it. The story kept moving from beginning to end. There were a few twists, turns, and surprises. Two heartwarming stories all wrapped up in one.<br /><br />This is a great movie to sit down with just you and your box of tissues, a friend, or the love of your life. It's not just a chick flick. The Notebook has a great story line, lovable characters, and a couple characters you love to hate. I highly recommend The Notebook for a quiet movie night at home. I'm glad I finally took my friend's advice and watched it.  You will be too.
I so enjoyed the DVD/ Story. Have seen it twice and will be viewing it again soon. N. Sparks doesn't write a bad story!!
I don't know why I missed it at the theater, but a friend gave it to me to watch one evening.  My 14 yr old daughter watched it with me and we both cried all through the movie - not because it was sad, but because it was so beautiful. The kind of love this movie portrayed is the kind of love we are all searching for. This movie is for everyone who believes true love really exists. This is the kind of love worth waiting for!
I love this movie and have watched it over and over again since receiving it. An excellent buy and I am completely satisfied.
I already had a burned copy of this movie,but I wanted the actual dvd and box.It's a great movie and it's one of my faves =)
The Notebook is an excellent chick flick.  It is a tear jerker with sweet characters.
This is my all time favorite movie! It is one of the best love stories of all times! it makes me cry everytime! The Notebook is one of thoes movies i had to own!
Definately a two kleenex box movie! A beautiful story, thank you for making this movie. I loved it.<br />jahs
I love this movie.....The story is so touching and realistic !! Love James Garner and Gena Rowlands.  This is the type of movie that you can watch again and again, especially on a rainy Sunday. I would highy recommend this to anyone who enjoys a good story with great acting....I really enjoyed the flashback scenes and watching the story unfold. Get yourself a copy and enjoy !!  PS.Keep a box of tissues near by.....
This is an excellent film, even for a guy to watch, tell me what James Garner film isn't. I purchased this as a gift for my grandmother and she really enjoyed it as did I.  I would like to add I had problem getting this order - NO it was not Amazons fault, at least I don't believe so; but Amazon took responsibility and sent me a whole other order, without cost to me, and even paid for an upgrade in the shipping for the whole order which included the classic Wizard Of Oz.
I sat on this dvd for almost two years before finally deciding it was time to enjoy it, like a bottle of wine you let age in the cellar.<br />I am glad I watched it. Ok, there are some parts that are not completely credible, but relegate them to the fact that it IS a movie and it doesn't have to be 100% crude-headlines real. Gena Rowlands is one of my favorite actresses and that was my only reason for buying the movie. I am now a fan of Ryan Gosling as well, Rachel McAdams I have only seen in Mean Girls and I have to say she was pretty good here, as well as good old James Garner.<br />I cannot put into words what the final act of the movie did to me. Sadness, joy, surprise, shock, happyness. Tears, a lot of tears. Of happyness, of sadness, of shock....well. Wow. I loved it.<br />And Gena Rowlands is still beautiful as ever.<br />I am glad that movies of this kind are still being done, once in a while.<br />I think I have only seen one other movie of Nick Cassavetes and it's not even comparable to this one but I will definitely add him to the directors whose work is worth looking out for. I guess he must have inherited something from his wonderful parents :)
This is a beautiful love story which began in the 1930's? Anyway, if you liked Bridges of Madison County, I'd say this is around the same vein.
'The Notebook' was light and romantic.  A great movie for a girl's night or a 'stay-in-with-your guy- night. Gena Rollands give a great performance.<br /><br />~ Elizabeth Essenfeld
I love this movie. Great story that is being told and then it turns out to be the older man reading it to the lady hoping that she'll remember who she is for a while in her older age. I love how they never stopped loving eachother over the years. The love never went away. I love this movie and I had to have it in my collection. I could watch it over and over.
Romance in South Carolina. Noah and Allie meet in 1940 and fall in love. Their love survives the disdain of Allie's mother and a third party who temporarily wins her affection. The story is told in flashbacks by James Garner as Noah. He reads from a notebook prepared by an aging Allie as she sinks into dementia. Hearing their love story brings her back for fleeting moments. The couple die in bed together in the institution where she resides. I saw my parents and the passing of the World War II generation. This is a tearjerker.
This is the most romantic story EVER. it is a total tear jerker, but i love it!
Love this story, the characters along with the quality and values!  Bought two... one for me & one for a friend...
This was my daughters (she is 37) favorite movie (and my favorite book I am 57) I got the DVD for her for Christmas and she loves it. Very tender and sweet movie that will touch your heart. My husband even watched it with me and he liked it so that was a big thumbs up !
This is the best love story I've seen since Titanic! Rachael McAdams and Ryan Gosling made a perfect match for this film :)!
This is a great love story.  I highly recommend it.  Watch it with someone you truly care about.  Or wtch to remember the one you lost...
If you are in the mood for a wonderful story, this movie is for you.  You will not forget this movie.  It is that touching!
I've always been a sucker for the sappy tear-jerkers.  I don't know what more I can say in defense other than the fact that I like to be moved to tears.  It's a good emotion and it's one that us men too often flee from rather than embrace.  That said, as much as this film conventionally falls into genre typecasting and fails to really add too much to the same broken record of the `boy meets girl, boy loves girl, parents ruin everything' synopsis of almost every post-`Romeo&Juliet' romance film, it still has so much good in it that I'm forced to defend it's honor.  For one thing it's one of the most beautifully shot films I've seen in a long time.  Director Nick Cassavetes does a brilliant job in capturing the feel of the film, the subtle beauty within the environment that only illuminates the subtle beauty of the films stars.<br /><br />The story may be regurgitated teen romance, but it's sweet to say the least.  The poor boy, rich girl visa-versa concept is tired and worn by now, but it seems to be the catalyst for just about every romance film to date so we just have to get used to the idea that original ideas don't exist anymore.  They do, they are just hard to come by.  The film opens with Duke, played by James Garner, visiting Allie, played by Cassavetes mother Gena Rowland, in a nursing home.  She's suffering from Alzheimer's and he comes to read to her.  He reads her a story of young love that blossomed into so much more.  It becomes apparent that this story is actually the story of how Duke, or Noah, met Allie, how they fell in love, drifted apart and then ultimately were drawn back together.<br /><br />As Duke reads to Ally we meet their younger selves.  Noah Calhoun, played by the electric Ryan Gosling, is a blue collar lumberyard worker who falls for the young, and very rich, Allie Hamilton, played by Rachel McAdams.  The two get off to a rocky start but soon become inseparable.  Noah proves to be an escape for Allie, an escape from the normal routine of having everything decided for her and never being allowed to decide for herself what's best.  Allie lives under the strict thumb of her parents, namely her mother.  After a falling out instigated by Allie's parents the two become separated for seven years, in the meantime Allie goes on to become engaged to another man and Noah goes on to purchase his dream home and restore it to the home he promised Allie.  Shortly before her wedding Allie finds Noah's face in the paper and decides to see him one last time.<br /><br />We all know how the story ends, at least for the younger couple.  The ending for the older couple is not as dreamy but equally as moving.  What really makes this movie work is the chemistry between the cast.  Ryan Gosling is a brilliant actor, always has been, and here he is brooding with sex appeal and charm.  Rachel McAdams is convincing as seventeen year old Allie, and while I'm not so convinced by her adult version she still does a fine job shuffling her onscreen accent and trying to stand out next to Gosling.  James Garner is fantastic here and Gena Rowland is impressive.  Surprisingly, as much as this could be labeled chick flick, it's the two male leads that bring the most to the table.  Garner's breakdown scene towards the end of the film is heartbreakingly realistic, and Gosling devotes enough charm into his character to make him real and alive.<br /><br />`The Notebook' may be just another in a long line of sappy teen romance films with the same or very close to the same premise, but it deserves some sort of recognition for sporting a deserving cast and a beautiful canvas for which they are exposed.  The script is well written and based on a very well known and much loved Nicholas Sparks novel.  My wife claims to prefer the film to the book, but she's never been too much of a reader.  I can't say which is greater since I have not read the novel myself, but I can say with certainty that the film adaptation is splendidly entertaining and invested with enough charm and sentiment to make up for it's blatant unoriginality.
I rented this and decided it was one I could enjoy again and again<br />I figured the story right away which was good as it made it more enjoyable
I'm glad I finally got to buy this movie, it is one of my favorites. If you want to know what love could do to somebody and how powerful can be just watch this movie and you'll see what love is all about...<br /><br />Just to let you know make sure you have a box of tissue handy, or maybe two haha!
a beautiful movie about what true love is.my husband normally doesnt like chick flicks but he enjoyed this one
It is an excellent movie.  I am glad i was able to get it from you all.  It was fairly priced and the shipping time was pretty good too.  Thank you so much.
Good movie, my girlfriend loves it, so if you have to get your girl a present get it from these guys because it is a lot cheaper than getting it from a retailer.
This movie is so great!  The charisma and positive energy that this movie generates are awesome!  How could it not be?  Gosling and McAdams were apparently smitten with eachother when they met because they got together after meeting on the set of this movie.  Talk about making the love scenes feel real...they were!  First rate romantic comedy material right there, folks.<br /><br />Ryan Gosling and Rachel McAdams play the lead roles of Noah and Allie: two seemingly star crossed lovers torn apart by Allie's posh parents.  They think he is "trash" and thus not worthy of their daughter.  Noah works at a lumbar yard and is poor.  But his skills in carpentry and architecture will turn out to be worth more than gold!  Allie is sophisticated and popular; never at a lack for luxury or want of affections.  After an unforgettable summer of being together her parents decide to move and take a quite a trek too!  Can the two get past this unsurpassable cliff hanger that has unfolded before their very eyes, and if they do will their love not die?  Noah and Allie have no problem proving to other people that their love is true..but can they convince themselves of it?  Especially after such a long, agonizing separation?
I absoulutely LOVE this movie. It is one of my favorites. A wonderful story with wonderful actors.You will not want to leave this movie for one second. It is warm and full of surprises.A movie to watch over and over.
Great movie; touching, sweet, well-made.  Starts out a bit slow, but picks up soon enough. Great acting and makes you think, if it's true love, it's worth the sacrifice. Buy it; you'll like it.
Excellent dvd.  My mother really loves it.  It arrived as promised and in great condition.  Amazon is the best place to purchase products like this. I tell all my family and friends to purchase from amazon other then going to the stores. Keep up with the great buys and products.  Thanks again AMAZON. A+++++
This movie is the BEST ROMANTIC MOVIE EVER... I LOVE IT.... YOU JUST HAVE TOO SEE IT TO BELIEVE
I would like to know what girl didn't cry during this movie or feel an emotional tug during this movie. It's a great movie. Men more than liekly will not want to watch it. But i think that it's a wonderful romance. What most women are wishing for.
if you love to cry find a copy of this movie! An excellent movie.
Perfect condition, wasn't expecting the "special edition" DVD, but I am so glad I got it!
I've had this movie for a few months already but never really felt like watching it.  The other night, I thought I would give it a try and it was wonderful! It had been a long time I had seen such a romantic movie.  It's on the verge of being cheesy, but it's not, and it's just a wonderful story.<br /><br />I just wish a love story like that could actually happen in real life...
A tender story of Life , Love and Sacrifice, bring your hanky, James Garner continues to make it happen on screen ...
Great movie. Bought it as a gift for my sister and we always watch it together. It has a story line both appealing to guys and girls. Great date movie too. Me and my girlfriend love it. A must have for anyone who likes Love Stories or are themselves deeply in love with someone special.
I love this movie! So much so that i bought it! It's romantic and not overly unrealistic.
What a wonderful love story.  We should all be lucky enough to find true love and have it last forever.  Everyone in this film did an outstanding job and I have watched it over and over again.
It's been quite a while since I enjoyed a good love story. This one really moved me, and I would certainly recommend it. It was nice to James Garner on the screen. I haven't seen a movie with him in it, in years. The story wasn't your typical love story, but had some unique elements. I really did enjoy it.
i dont know how to describe it, but it made me cry, it made me smile.  a must have!
Truly Amazing<br /><br />There is much more chemistry between the older couple than the younger couple, but the chemistry is still there, and that's very important if you want to make a succesful romance movie. All the actors and actresses do an oustanding job in the movie. I cried at the end, its very touching at the end. Deffinately a good movie and I recommend it for ages 13 and up. There are some scenes that are a little much for a PG-13, but its not too bad. This love story is very original and though it is different from the book by Sparks, it was only changed to make the movie better. It's a remarkable story and I hope you all enjoy it! Hey, just make the guys go watch football somewhere else so you girls can relax and watch this movie!
This was one of the best movies I have ever seen in my life....It hit me so hard....It is a beautiful love story about 2 young adults growing up, falling in love, taking different paths, and then reuniting.  I don't think anything else could have made this movie any better.  Rachel McAdams is beautiful and Ryan Gosling is GORGEOUS...This is the best love story I have seen in a LONG time.  It is so real....the love they had for each other....everyone should have a true love like that.  My favorite scene was the very ending (I can't spoil it to all you people who haven't seen it, but I CRIED MY EYES OUT!!)  It was really the saddest movie I have ever seen.  It was a great movie.  A well deserved 5 stars.
I don't know why I bought this DVD. I had never heard about it but the "most romantic" tag on the sleeve probably did it. I am here to tell you that it is a stunning film that reminds you of what human love is possible of achieving. And that means what we all are capable of achieving. This is a film for the soul. Just see it!
When I first started watching the movie, it was just another movie to me. But after about 45 minutes into it .. I was hooked to the screen, and even cried which hasen't happened in a long time watching a movie! One of the best love movies ever seen! A MUST SEE.
Okay, let's admit it up front---this is a chick flick, unabashedly sentimental and designed to tug your heartstrings and keep Kleenex in business.  But as a guy, I found THE NOTEBOOK a remarkably well done and entertaining movie.  Based on Nicholas Sparks' hit novel, the story tells the familiar tale of two young people from opposite ends of the social scale who dare to fall in love.  Of course, parental interference, coupled with a World War, intervene and our lovers don't get together.  He becomes embittered but builds his dream house; she falls in love with a wounded soldier.  But as in any good romance novel, fate intervenes and our starcrossed lovers meet again.  Framed by sequences involving an elderly gentleman and an Alzheimer's stricken lady, we realize very soon that this elderly couple is our starcrossed lovers.  Despite its unrealistic ending, we do find ourselves engrossed in their love story and can't help but hold back a few tears at its sad, but understandably romantic, ending.<br /><br />What makes the movie work is a composite of remarkable acting and director Nick Cassavettes' embracing of the period costuming, and the gorgeous lighting and romantic sequences.  Ryan Gosling and Rachel McAdams are wonderful in the roles of young Noah and Allie.  Consider that Gosling played the evil teen in MURDER BY NUMBERS and McAdams was the bitchy villainess in MEAN GIRLS and one can appreciate their multi-leveled performances.  The Academy should have found a supporting spot for both James Garner and Gena Rowlands, as they are great as the elder Noah and Allie.  Garner should have gotten Jamie Foxx's place for COLLATERAL, since its obvious Foxx has the best actor sewn up.  Oh, well, what the hey?  Garner is marvelous in a role that seems tailor-made for him, and Rowlands (who is the director's mom) is radiant and tragic.  Joan Allen as Allie's mother plays a rare despicable role, and even with a secret revelation, one cannot condone her interference in her daughter's life.  Add Sam Shepard in a nice role as Noah's father and you have one of the best love stories in recent years.  So sit back, enjoy and keep those hankies handy.
Ryan Gossling and Rachel McAdams!<br /><br />Stuning performances!  They are the characters, conveying all the hurt and passion of separated lovers.  Directed and framed with a lot of class by director Nick Cassavettes and cinematographer Robert Fraisse.  Wonderful work all around!! Thanks for enriching my life, guys!!
The Notebook is, without a doubt, the best love story I have seen in my 25 years on this earth.  It paints a bittersweet picture of enduring love that leaves a mark on the hearts of all generations.  (Also, 3 people have told me that Ryan Gosling is the mirror image of my husband.  Lucky me!) =)
This was one of those movies that make your heart skip a beat and your eyes tear up out of happiness and sadness all at the same time. This film captivated the audiences as it introduced the true meaning of true love.<br /><br /> The characters in this movie, Noah and Allie (played by Ryan Gosling and Rachel McAdams), are some of the most wonderfully casted couples in film history. They truely made this film what it was. Their affection for each other made this film that more real. With that said, Nick Cassavettes was able to re-create both North and South Carolina in the 1940s very well. The cinematography is wonderful and the sex scenes were intense and tastefully decent. I would give this movie 10 stars if it were available. However, you can be the judge and watch one of the greatest love stories ever placed on screen for all to see and to fall in love with themselves.
Storyline for this movie was awesome.  Telling the story about two teenagers was well thought out.  I would recommend this movie to everyone.
What a great story to demystify the condition of dementia and Alzheimer's. The opening scene of birds flying over water is spectacular. Well acted.
One of the sweetest, most romantic, realistic movies I've seen in a very long time.  I've watched it about 15 times and enjoy it each time as if it is the first time.
Almost everyone loves this movie and it'll make even the most stoic person tear up a little.  If you haven't already heard about the story, you will not be able to predict what happens.  While a movie like this might have been considered a "chick flick" once, I've noticed that many young men proudly proclaim that they love it too.  In difficult times, this movie represents what everyone hopes to find: a fairy tale romance.
Want a good cuddle tear jerker to watch with your significant other?  Build a nice fire and put this movie on the DVD.  Guranteed to get results.
I've owned this movie since the release date; this was a gift for my 15-year-old granddaughter who loves the movie as much as I do.  I've watched it several times.
I love this movie, it is such a romantic film, great to watch over and over again! Great when you want to sit down and cry, also great when you want a sweet film about love.
One of the greatest love stories ever made.  It is believable and searches the soul, causing the viewer to compare elements of the story to one's own life.  At various points you find yourself saying, "That happened to me!"
This is a wonderful love story of the old fashioned kind. This kind of "Love" we could only wish to experience once in our lifetime. I could watch this over and over. Don't forget your Kleenex you might need it.
I am not one typically for time pieces and this one surpassed and time line..it is a truely timeless love story that would inmpact anyone who would watch it.  Amazing.
This is one of the best love stories. It is completely worth watching. There was great chemistry between the main characters - nice eye contact. I like movies where you can really feel that love, the heat, that special magic. You truly want them to find each other and be together. Sometimes less is more so I'll say this...It's really good.
How strong is your love - does it truly mean "in sickness and in health"?  What would you do to bring your love back?  Would you do anything you could...even if you knew it might be for only an hour, a minute, or even a second?<br /><br />This movie is wonderful!  The acting is beautiful and the characters are truly lovable.  If you don't cry at this, you don't have a heart!
OMG - What a truly wonderful heartwarming romance movie!! I have to rate "The Notebook" right up there among my all time favorites including "Titanic", "Sweet Dreams" (story of Patsy Cline), "Coal Miner's Daughter", and "Pretty Woman"!<br /><br />I've watched this movie over a dozen times, and even though I own the DVD, I continue to watch it every time it appears on TV! I just can't seem to get enough of watching this movie, and enjoy it each time - just as much as I did the first time I saw it!!<br /><br />A superior cast, comprised of some of my favorite actors, really shine in bringing this beautiful heartwarming love story to life! Rachel McAdams is an absolute doll and just sparkles in her role as beautiful, charming, sophisticated, bubbly, energetic, full of life - young Allie. I've always admired and enjoyed Gena Rowlands in her past movie roles, and believe this role as Allie, in present day time, is among one of her best roles, yet!<br /><br />Movie veteran, James Garner, is a delight as present day Noah, and as for young Noah, portrayed by Ryan Gosling - Hey, what can I say except -<br /><br />OMG, what a cutie!! No wonder Allie fell head-over-heels in love with him - right along with every other female on the planet that has ever seen this movie! Lol<br /><br />All in all, it is definitly a "must-have" to add to your romance movie collection!
This is a love story personified.  And I am sure this goes on in real life every minute of every day.  This is what LOVE really is.  . . . in sickness and in health till death us do part.  And I do not believe it ends there.  So if you want to know what LOVE really is - watch this movie or read the book.  It is fantastic.
Had seen the movie on STARZ but enjoyed it so much I wanted it in my library. Good Chick flick, somewhat of a tear jerker, but good none the less.
A romantic movie must be seen once in a while to remember a part of our life and some of our emotions. Nicholas Sparks is a great romantic writer and this movie inspired by one of his first novels is pretty effective.<br /><br />It has been reviewed so many times that I only want to point out what I believe is the reason for it great appeal on the public.<br /><br />I am a doctor and it goes without saying that the way Alzheimer disease is described is totally unrealistic since loss of recent memory is the first feature of this terrible disease, while past memory is well conserved until the disease is far ahead.<br /><br />James Gardner and Gena Rowlands are excellent actors but their parts were either miscast or they were not convinced of the script.<br /><br />The reason the movie works is in the two young actors, which even if too young to play the part of the adults that meet again after 7 years, are very good at manifesting their attraction for each other. They are having fun and kissing with "gusto" and they are talented enough to show attraction for each other in their gaze.<br /><br />The peak scene, when under the rain they give way to their true feelings, is one to remember. The love making is clumbsy and fresh and sincere.<br /><br />The editing of the movie is annoying, some on the scenes are cut off when you least expect it.<br /><br />I would leave just the love story between the two teenagers and young adults, taking away all the the part on them 40 years later.<br /><br />The setting of the film in the 1930-40's is very well done and I can't but remember Norman Rockwell illustrations.<br /><br />Ryan Gosling and Racheal McAdams are promising new faces of American cinema!
This was a great movie. I would recommend everyone except children see it. I loved it! It was funny at times and sad at others. The sexual scenes were not so distasteful that it was disgusting. It made you feel how much in love the characters were. It let us know that no matter how vibrant and full of life a person is there is no guarantee we will remain this way forever. It can be taken from us without any warning. It made me feel what real love is between two people.
This DVD was sent to my sister-in-law as a Christmas gift, and she was thrilled with it.  Thanks much!
One of the best love stories I have ever seen.  You better have plenty of hankies available when you watch this movie.  I never get tired of watching this.  It's great.
Fantastic story, very touching, made me cry tears of happiness, sweetness, and sadness.
GREAT MOVIE,  RACHEL MCADAMS IS AWESOME,  NICE PERFORMANCE AND GRAET PHOTO SHOTS
This was the best love story movie that I have seen yet in my 21 years of living. It really touched me and my family because it was cute and reminds me of love with my fiance and I. This is a great movie for guys and girls and you should watch it if you love these kinds of movies.
This is the best movie I've seen in ages. I watched with my granddaughters then purchased from Amazon and sat with my husband and watched a few days later.  Excellent movie with surprise ending.  A must see!  A true romance, well written, with a hint of nostalgia.
This is one of the best movies I seen in a long time.  Has alittle of everything!  Ya wanna know how well I like it?  I bought the DVD after seeing it and loaned it out - as so often happens - never got it back.  Had to order another!  I wanted THE NOTEBOOK in my library!
This movie was a gift for my wife! Let's say both of us enjoyed the movie. It was very touching...
the notebook, it`s a great movie filled with passion, and hope.<br /><br />the man didn`t give up on his wife! did he save her or not?!<br /><br />watch the movie and you`ll know :)
The Notebook is an old-fashioned love story with the subject of Dementia thrown in to heighten the tear jerking experience. The movie opens with James Garner telling a story (from a notebook) to an elderly woman played by Gena Rowlands. She appears to have a memory problem. The story is about a summer romance, a tale of love between a society girl (Allison Hamilton) who meets a young mill worker (Noah Calhoun) at a carnival, June 6, 1940. They are both 17 years old. Allison's (Allie) parents don't approve of Noah, because of his social standing (meaning, he doesn't have one). Young Allie's heart is broken when her parents try their best to split them in two. After their summer romance is over, when Allie is sent off to college in New York and Noah has to enter the military and World War II in Europe, you would think that there would be no way for this uncommon romance to get back together. However, true love has no boundaries.<br /><br />The performances by James Garner (old Duke) and Rachel McAdams (young Allie) are outstanding. The screenplay is based off of the Nicholas Sparks heart-warming book. I'm not normally into romantic movies, put this movie was so well put together that I had to give it 5 stars. If you miss seeing the old-fashioned Hollywood love stories, then you must see this movie.
I recomend this movie to anyone who is tired of the normal high school drama love story between the nerdy girl and the hot high school jock. Every one knows there are always at least 2 of these movies released a year. The Notebook takes you on a different journey as well as another time. It was taken during the 1940's. One of the best movies I've seen in a long time. The relationship between Noah and Allie is something to be admired...its not always perfect but you can feel the love between the two of them. Even with her parents disapproval, she still loves him. When she is prematurely rushed away, she cries herself to sleep for monthes. Noah writes her everyday, hoping that they could continue this great love. While her mother takes all the letters and hides them. Years later when she goes to see him..she gets that same feeling as she did at 17. She falls in love with him all over again. Needless to say..this movie makes any girl want a Notebook romance. Enjoy!
I rented this movie and then purchased it used from Amazon.  Overall, I loved it.  Ryan and Rachel were EXCELLENT and the story really moved me (have watched it 3 times total, including once with Nick Cassavettes commentary).  Also, the many "special features" make it a price bargain.  However, the movie has one serious drawback for me.  I don't think James Garner was the right choice for the older Noah.  Don't get me wrong, he is a fabulous actor and did a very good job--but I never believed he was the same character as Ryan Gosling.  They look nothing alike and if we are supposed to believe in a movie, it has to at least seem feasible.  Another problem I had with Garner is that he is so well known to me, that I kept thinking of Maverick and Jim Rockford and that made it impossible to believe he was Noah.  I thought Nick Cassavettes had another wonderful actor and a much better choice for this part right under his nose in Sam Shepard.  Instead of giving this also great actor the tiny role of Noah's father, he should have been the one to play the older Noah.  On the contrary, I did think that Gena was believable as the older Ali and she did a fabulous job, too.  Another problem for me was that the photos in the album at the end should have been of Ryan and Rachel since the audience just spend 2 hours seeing THEM as the young Noah and Ali.<br /><br />I don't want to seem too critical, because I did love much of the movie and overall, I would recommend it. However, I feel it was almost perfect when it could have been completely perfect.  Sorry, Jim, sorry Nick.
This is a great movie if you're alone one night and are in the need for a good cry! Get cuddled up on the couch, get out some popcorn, and have a box of tissues by your side. This is a classic movie about finding out who you are and listening to your heart. Although decisions in life may be hard, there are just some things you have to do and risks you must be willing to take. I also loved how "real" their romance was. They fought all the time, but always made up!<br /><br />I was a little disappointed when the movie started coming to an end. I didn't want it to end the way I thought it was going to, and I was starting to get frustrated. When the movie finally ended, I sobbed it was so good! It was perfect and was one of those images that really stays in your mind and carries you throughout the night and into the next day.<br /><br />One time I sent out a survey to some of my friends via e-mail. One question was "When was your last good cry?" I had 5 come back to me and they all said the exact same thing (including mine): "When I watched the 'Notebook' it was such a grat movie!"<br /><br />I recommend the movie to anyone, but I suggest watching it alone or with your girlfriends. Please don't make your boyfriends/husbands sit through it (I am sure it will be pure agony for them!). ;)
Ryan Gosling and Rachael McAdams star in this beautiful love story about summer romance.<br /><br />As an old man reads passages from an old notebook to his wife, he tries to help her remeber the years in which they were younger and more romantic with eachother.<br /><br />This movie is a heartbreaking movie to watch, so bring a box of klneex with you, and be ready to ball your eyes out.
I don't usually read or watch this genre, but I've been a Garner fan since *Maverick,* so I got me a big box of Kleenex and got ready for the flood. And it sure enough did. The romantic leads - young and old versions - do a fine job and the cinematography is gorgeous.  I'm not going to go through the whole summary - you can look above or below for that - but I just want to warn potential movie viewers that they might want to read the book - which I hear is pretty slim - first.  And skip on to the next review past this<br /><br />**SPOILER**<br /><br />I have just ordered the book to answer the following questions, which must have gotten lost in the translation to screenplay (1) How does Noah, former lumberyard laborer, who bought the Windsor Plantation with the sale of Daddy's old house & GI bill, refurbished with sweat equity, become a man of leisure prior to Allie's return? (2) Was Allie's Ice Queen Momma saying that that guy out there at the quarry was Allie's biological daddy?<br /><br />/TundraVision, Amazon Reviewer
Rich girl meets poor guy.  They fall in love.  Rich girl's parents nix the romance.  They're still in love.  She becomes engaged to another man.  They're still in love.  And so it goes...as Allie and Noah go through a lifetime of barriers to an unlikely, but never-ending love story.  The acting is good, the scenery is beautiful, and all in all this is a great tear-jerker.  In his autobiography/travelogue, Three Weeks With My Brother, Nicholas Sparks writes that this book is based on his grandparents' love story.  That makes this movie even more poignant.  Watch this movie, but don't forget the Kleenex box.
I had wanted to rent this movie for a very long time and finally got the opportunity a few weeks ago.  What a seriously amazing flick that makes your heart ache to be young and madly in love again.  I cried my eyes out for the last hour of the film.  I am now looking forward to reading the book as I have heard it is even better!
The movie begins with  a man reading from a faded notebook to a woman in a nursing home. The story he tells follows the lives of two North Carolina teens from very different worlds, Noah the son of a poor farmer, and Allie the daughter of a rich family from the northeast who summer in Noah's hometown. Despite their economic differences, after much persistence on the part of Noah, Noah and Allie spend one summer together before they are separated, first by her parents, who were disgusted that she fell for a man like Noah, and then by WWII.<br /><br />After the soldiers come home, everything is different. Despite the letters Noah wrote Allie everyday when he was away, Allie is engaged, to a man more in sync with her parents wishes, and Noah lives alone with his memories in a 200-year-old house he lovingly restores. (The house he promiesed to buy for Allie and fix up that summer) But when Allie sees an article in a local paper about Noah's handiwork, she knows that she's got to find him and make a decision once and for all about the path her life and her love must take....<br /><br />And so they meet again... and the truth about Allie's family comes out... Allie, all these years, has believe that Noah forgot about her, having not recieved any of the letters he sent. Come to find out Allie's mother took all the letters from the mail and hid them away before Allie saw them (we later learn this is because Allie's mother had a similar relationship with a poor man when she was younger).... but now things are complicated... Allie is engaged to a man who loves her so much, and whom her parents aprove of...<br /><br />Noah has loved Allie for all the years they were seperated. He could have been with other women but he never had the desire to, Allie owned his heart... Now that she is back in his life he does not want to let her go...<br /><br />What will Allie do?<br /><br />This story is amazing. The power of the love is felt through the incredible cast of actors.  The emotions are so powerful and the characters so full of life. I am usually not such a sap for romantic movies but this one was different. I cried and cried... in the theatre! So ladies wear that waterproof mascara for this one.
ok, this review wont be very helpful probably, but its worth a shot. i saw this movie at home for the first time about a week ago, maybe two, and i absolutely LOVED it! it is very heartwarming, and parts are sad, it is a total love story and you might even cry when you see it its so sad and amazing...i loved this movie and definatly recommend it for anyone, especially females, because it is definatly a moving worth seeing, if not owning!
The Notebook is a great movie for the type of movie it is supposed to be. A young couple falls in love and the rest is pretty predictable. It has a type of Romeo and Juliet theme where the girl is from a wealthy family that looks down on the poor while the innocent boy works hard to get by. The girl's parents do not want them to see each other and eventually separate them.<br /><br />This movie is definitely a tear jerker. At times your eyes fill with tears because the onscreen love is strongly felt, they are incredible young actors. You may notice the actress is the same from the teenage movie "Mean Girls" (the snotty rich blonde), but she does an amazing job switching from teen drama queen to play in an adult love affair.<br /><br />I recommend this movie to those who enjoy a good love story, but not to those that complain of movies being too cliche. The film lacks the fifth star because of the dialouge which at times is random and unclear.
After hearing many positive reviews about The Notebook, I decided to see what the fuss was about.  During the first strains of the opening music, I found myself wondering if I was going to be able to watch the entire movie.  "This is going to be BORING...", I thought to myself.  But, I felt committed now that I'd paid the $3.95 to Blockbuster, so I was going to watch it whether I liked it or not.<br /><br />However, as the plot unfolded, I found myself being pulled into the storyline subtly - identifying with Allie - not expecting to feel the emotions I felt when Allie had to choose between Noah and Lon.  The last few scenes were heart-wrenching and bittersweet and I was moved to tears.  I didn't want the story to end.  This story makes you want to go out and find that one GREAT love and live each day to the fullest with that special someone.
The Notebook was the best movie of 2004. It was very romantic and cute too! The message of the movie is exceptional. I recommend this movie to anyone. Watch it with your man (or woman). It's definitely a tear-jerker, though. After the Notebook, my friends and I are always talking and laughing about finding our Noah! :) I think he's every woman's dream!
One the best love stories EVER! If you don't see this movie your are truly missing out!(Have some kleenex handy).
I am currently in love and this movie totally has depicted my life, the mother reminded me of my own mother and the movie is just an overall great movie
This has to be one of the most beautiful and touching love stories that I have seen in a long time.  It will stay with you.  It makes you wish that you had a love as intense as the main characters.  The acting was believable, I felt right along with all the characters.  I found myself hoping that Allie and Noah would be together when they were apart.  I would definitely recommend this to anyone that likes romantic movies.  This is a keeper.  And yes, don't forget the Kleenex.
I usually cringe when movies are made from novels like this and more often than not avoid them so that my memories of the book are not ruined but I was told this is a must see and I just watched it last night on DVD...The movie ended up wonderful and was thoroughly enjoying. Wonderful acting and direction. I recommend reading the novel first though.
I have to start out by saying that I was not a huge Nicholas Sparks fan, I had read &quot;A walk to remember&quot;, and had seen the film version of it, as well as the film &quot;message in a bottle&quot;...I wasn't taken by either of them...they fell short in my books. So when I saw this DVD in the video store, I picked it up because frankly there was nothing else to get...but I am so glad that I did. <p>I have often said that if a movie can make me cry...it will be a favorite of mine for ALL time! This story is so sweet and heartwarming.  Beyond the story, I think that the actors did an amazing job of portraying the characters. I fell in love with Noah Calhoun along side Allie...I even said to my husband half way through, &quot;I really like that guy...he's really cool!!&quot; There is just something about him, that drew me in. (Ryan Gosling)<p>I love that throughout the story you never really know whether the man reading Allie the story is Noah, or Lon...they leave you guessing until the end (I won't give away the secret!!) But after the movie my husband and I were saying that either way...it would have been alright. <p>It is a MUST see in my books...the actors are amazing, and the story is amazing!! I felt emotionally drained after watching it!! There is nothing like a good cry...especially when it is not something in your own life that you are crying about!!<p>I LOVED IT!!<br />5 stars!!
The Notebook is in a category different from mere "chick flick". Women I know melt at the mention of either the book or this movie.  I joined my Mrs. watching it last night on Valentine's Day and we both enjoyed it.<br /><br />We get to see Noah and Allie at two different times during their life.  The story takes place largely in South Carolina, except for a brief period in New York and with Noah overseas for World War II.  Allie's family comes from money.  The men all wear white linen suits and have dinner parties in front of mansions with tall white columns.  Noah is being raised by his father over on the poor side of town.  He works in the lumber yard, but in the evenings Noah and his father (played by a vigorous Sam Shepard) sit on the front porch and read Whitman and Tennyson.  Not your typical white trash.  Allie's mother is played by Joan Allen in a wonderfully subtle performance - in one of the best sequences of the film she drives Allie to the sawmill to show her the big burly man she had a mad, passionate affair with 25 years ago, to get Allie to imagine life with a poor laborer years from now.  Allie's father is played by David Thornton, and I don't know the man at all, but I have lived and traveled in the south for decades and NO ONE has a moustache or accent like those he uses in this film. I bring it up because almost everyone I know who has seen this performance find it distractingly unconvincing.<br /><br />James Garner and Gena Rowlands play the older Noah and Allie.  The film is directed by Gena's actual son, Nick Cassavetes, and he cast Mom well.  James Garner is absolutely wonderful, casting a warm glow over all his scenes.  The "hook" is that the older Allie has advancing Alzheimer's disease and Noah reads to Allie from the Notebook that describes how they fell in love half a century ago so that a brief window will sometimes open and Allie can recognize Noah through her deteriorating dementia.  In an early scene Allie doesn't know her own children, and they beg Dear Old Dad to come home.  James Garner tells them "That's my sweetheart in there..." and you know he has no intention of ever leaving his sweetheart.<br /><br />I don't want to give away the ending, but have tissues handy.  If you're prone to crying at movies, you'd better have the whole box.
How could you not love this movie? It has the typical chick flick love story plus explosions for the guys. This movie is definately the best love story of all times. It makes you want the same kind of love that Allie and Noah have. If only it could happen in real life.
Everthing has already been said about this movie, so I will not bore you with another summary. All I have to say is, that it is such a wonderful and moving movie about what real love should be like: from a summer teenage romance to full grown love - until the bitter end.<br /><br />It was such a touching love story that even my husband joined me in the search for tissues while watching it...<br /><br />So everybody in need for a "good" cry don't miss this movie !
There are some films that have touched me very deeply and have immediately become a favorite for life. This is one.
This one is ageless and will always be the unique love story that we all want to find, and hold onto forever....
I saw this movie in theatres when it was first released, and again on DVD. Ryan and Rachel do an amazing job, and Nicholas Sparks makes you fall in love with the book all over again. Absolutely amazing!
When I went to the movies to see The Notebook with my fiance, I was impressed. By the end of the movie there wasn't a dry eye in the theater(even the guys). I don't mind watching chick flicks with my fiance and this one really got me. I mean, I don't cry during movies but this one was an exception. Guys...if you watch chick flicks with your woman, I believe you would like this one. Besides the sex scene was very passionate and hot. Who knows what might happen after you watch the movie with your woman ;). This is defintely a movie to add to any movie collectors selection. I know cause I'm adding it to mine and I'm a guy.
This was the best movie i have ever saw.  Ryan and Rachel were perfect for the part. Nobody else could have done as well as they did. They warmed up the hearts and made the tears fall.
This is a fantastic movie. It has an amazing cast, with a great mixture of fresh faces and more familiar ones. The plot and script are wonderful. It makes you laugh and cry throughout it's 124 mins. One of my personal favorites of all time!
I absolutely lived this movie it is the best love story ever! My Fiance bought it for me & brough it to my work cause he knows U love it.  EVERYONE should see this movie
A tale of love at first sight, "The Notebook" is a story about finding a love that endures the test of time.  Noah Calhoun (Ryan Gosling) is no one special.  He leads his life as best as he can, until one summer evening, Allie Hamilton (Rachel McAdams) steps into his life.  A simple courtship soon turns into a true summer love.  Allie and Noah fight for their relationship as Allie's upper-class parents insist that Noah is not good enough for a girl of her status.  Separated by meddling parents, the two live out their separate lives.  Several years later, they meet again.  Their passion is rekindled and soon, Allie is forced to choose between Noah and her new, upper-class fianc&eacute; (played by James Marsden).<p>Many years later, an older Noah (James Garner) shares this special and intimate story with his wife (Gena Rowland).  Each day, he reads a portion of the notebook, where the stories of a younger Allie and Noah are captured on rippling pages.<p>Based on the bestselling novel by Nicholas Sparks, "The Notebook" moves back and forth from past to present, as an aged couple revisits history and relives a romance that began during a summer so long ago.<p>A must-see for all the romantics of the world, the movie is a bittersweet mix of joy and heartbreak.  A definite tear-jerker, this movie is for those who believe that true love CAN last despite years of separation.<p>The actors do an amazing job.  Ryan Gosling and Rachel McAdams are realistic and believable as they deliver a powerful performance that moves with such great emotional force.  The DVD also includes many deleted scenes; a definite essential for any romantic movie fan.  There are many other enjoyable features such as screen tests, movie-documentaries, and commentaries (just to name a few).<p>A must-have for every romantic's movie-library, "The Notebook" is a movie that will never leave your heart and will leave you believing that true love CAN last a lifetime.
This movie is about the amazing story of true love.  It will leave you breathless and motionless as the credits start to roll.  Noah and Ally found each other as teenagers, fell in love, and then was torn apart.  However, 10 years later the meet again and must confront their pasts, together.  It is easily the most romantic movie ever, and if you've seen it, I KNOW that you'll agree!!
Ge the klenex ready!  This movie was the most amazing love story I have ever seen.  It will make every man and woman cry.  It portrays a beautiful ove story that most people dream of.  It will be one of the classics some day.
This is definetly the best movie version of a love story I have seen in forever! And the best part is that it was derived from the novel version. Usually one or the other is better, but in this case I would say they both exceeded my expectations. I ran straight to the store when it came out and got this movie. It would make a wonderful valentines gift, or just an everyday gift. Definetly not a disappointment!
it was a very decives movie that ne girl would love. it has lots of drama and BRAD PITT
Be prepared.  This movie will move you like no other.  You will laugh...you will cry...you will argue over who she should be with...you watch it once...you'll watch it over and over again. Ryan Gosling (Noah) will win your heart over in his pursuit of the woman he fell in love with at first sight.  He knows that she is the one for him, and he won't let anything get in his wife...not even her wealthy, upset family.  This love story will wrap you around its finger and not let you go until the end.  I highly suggest you read the book as well, even though it is different from the movie.
A young woman must choose betwen the man she loves and the man her parents want her to marry. this movie is based on the book by nicholas sparks, brought to the screen with unforgettable performances.<br /><br /> very touching film that deserves being watched with a loved one.<br /><br />  the DVD includes audio commentarie, deleted scenes, profiles of the director, and two behind the scenes featuretts.
This was one of the best love stories that I have ever seen, I also read the book and it was great too.  I could watch this movie over and over again, I have seen it twice.  I give it a close to first place in love stories, my first would still have to be Splendor in the grass but this one comes very close.
This movie touched me in so many ways. It was beautifully made, mastered, and acted. The people who acted in it really made the characters come alive; they became those characters. If you missed it when you were in the theatre, rent it. This is one movie that for me was the best movie of 2004. There are so many things that I could tell you about this movie; but then that would spoil it for you. I will only say this: It's flawless in every way. As you watch it, you feel like you are watching a true story of someone's life unfold; you feel passionate, you feel sadness, and at other times in the movie, you feel gladness. My recommendation is that you rent it, and make sure you have a box of tissues near by, and a friend to hang on to. Don't see this one alone; much better to have a loved one with you as you watch it. You will love this movie each time you see it, and you'll want to pass it on to your next generation. It's a love story that you will not tire of seeing over and over and over. It's a beautifully - woven story painted by a wonderful author Nicholas Sparks.
This is the sort of movie that would bring back the 'Honeymoon Period' feeling back into relationships! It is the perfect film for couples to see.<br /><br />I have to say that it beats My Best Friend's Wedding and all my other favourites. Ryan Gosling is adorable. ANYWAY, this movie is about hope, devotion and holding on. With the use of flashback, viewers are taken on a journey back in time, to the summer when Noah meets Allie, and falls head over heels in love at first sight. Their union seems impossible, as Allie is disinterested and they appear to be complete opposites. But Noah is truly besotted by Allie (wish I was her) and it is not long before Allie surrenders to his charm. The thing I like most about this film, is its ability to make me laugh AND cry. It really evokes a lot of feeling. At the end, I feel warm and fuzzy inside with the hope that I will find that true love. Every time I see this movie it makes me smile.
I'm not into the girlie movies that always end up w/ the girl getting her prince charming but this film really got to me and left me craving for more.  Something about the pure raw emotion displayed in Noah and his undying love, that's what every little girl hopes to find in her life! I've already pre-ordered my copy.
this movie is amazing! it is so romantic without being corny or stupid. ive seen this movie 5 times and will buy it as soon as it comes out. even if you are not usually into romantic movies, like myself, you will still like this. truly amazing.
I absolutely love to read any of Nicholas Sparks' books, and I have read just about all of them as far as I know.  But, this one is by far and away, the best of his work.  Now, onto the movie...I loved how the people of Hollywood stayed very true to Sparks' book 'A Walk To Remember' (see my review for that too), and was pleased to see that they did the same for this movie for the most part as well.  Without giving away the ending for those of you who haven't seen it, Hollywood left no room for following The Notebook with it's sequel 'The Wedding' at some later point in time.  I was very impressed with how they brought these characters to the screen, and how they seemed to be jumping right off the page.  This is DEFINITLY a tear-jerker, even if you have read the book.  I saw it twice in the theatre with two different groups of friends, and was SOBBING at the end of both showings...and passing out Kleenex to everyone around me.  A definite must see and will be gleefully added to my DVD collection the day it hits shelves!
Most people snub romance stories when they are textbook and typical.  But its because most of those people have never really taken the time to SEE what real love is.  This story is a great movie because it demostrates the perfect fairytale love that overcomes obstacles and time and finds its true place.  This story may be the same ol thing.  But it still is a great, heartwarming story that really touches your heart and helps you realize how important love truly is.  This move is a 5 star movie, A MUST for any romantic.
This is one of the greatest movies. James Garner is amazing. This is story that makes you think about your life and what the future holds. This is a great movie for you to rent and watch with your spouse or a girls movie night.
This is the best movie I've seen in a while.  It was just great.  The storyline was interesting, the characters fit their role and it brought suspense to the viewer.<br /><br />This movie was about a rich girl who fell in love with a poor boy during her vacation.  Her parents didn't approve of him so they left.  He sent her letters everday but her parents hid them from her.<br /><br />Years later she gets engaged and goes back to the town where she had her vacation.  She meets her old love again and things start to get really tense.<br /><br />Can't say more.....it ruins the ending.<br /><br />See it....it's worth every penny.
I saw this movie 3 times in the theater. The first time I bawled like an idiot and had to sit in the theater for a few minutes after the show was over.. I was not alone.. The 2nd time I saw the movie I took a male friend and he even cried! This movie is for women who like "chic flicks" or a good romantic story. I will buy this DVD the day it comes out.
This is SUCH a sweet and romantic movie! So sad, too. I TOTALLY cried when I watched this! Nicholas Sparks is a GENIUS! And that b@#$% from 'MEAN GIRLS' played a great leading lady. Rayan Gosling was amazing as well! This is TRULY a classic love story! You will laugh, you will sigh, and you will cry. This movie shows us just how strong a person's love really is! :-D
This movie is a refreshing change from the usual smashing and killing of most movies out there. This whole point of this movie is young love. It is a chick flick, but I think guys would like it too, especially if they remember their 1st love.  Tears were brimming in my eyes during almost the entire thing. I think it's good that they showed how the relationship wasn't always perfect, but Noah and Ali made it work. The sex scenes were a little bit awkward, but I LOVE THIS MOVIE!!!!!! It's soo sweet! Bring tissues when you see it.
This was by far the best movie I have ever seen.  I cried throughout the whole thing, it was so sad and touching and beautiful.  I only wish I could find that kind of love.
A bit-part actor whose family legacy and inherited skill (from Mom Gena Rowlands and dad, the legendary John Cassavetes), Nick Cassavetes scored less than perfect grades in his last directorial effort, the mediocre "John Q", starring Denzel Washington.  Cassavetes fairs far better with a romantic movie.  While some of the premise of "The Notebook" is weepy and easy to predict, in general, Cassavetes took a fine book by a popular author and converted it to the screen in one of the more memorable movies of the summer of 2004.<br /><br />The casting of this film is brilliant, and the cinematography is incredible.  In scene after scene, moving between the current era and the 30's and 40's, Cassavetes creates a beautiful tapestry of color and movement, aided by an unobtrusive, but inspiring score.<br /><br />Actors James Marsden, Sam Shephard, David Thornton, and the thin-lipped Joan Allen, (as Allie's disapproving mom) provide a strong backdrop for the four lead performances.<br /><br />As the elderly couple who are reading the notebook in a nursing home, James Garner and Gena Rowlands capture your imagination as two people who have been truly in love.  Rowlands, who is required to act the part of a still beautiful and vibrant woman who has been crippled by Alzheimer's, is achingly lovely.  The scenes in which she recalls some of her memories, only to cruelly push Garner away in the savagery of the disease, brought tears to the eyes of nearly everyone in the theater.<br /><br />Garner is a tad miscast, because his body type and image cannot, no matter how much you stretch your imagination, be the catharsis of the young Ryan Gosling character, Noah, grown old.  It was difficult for me to make that leap, and it did quell the film's impact for me.  He gives a workmanlike performance, however, as the devoted husband who will not leave his wife's side, even though she remembers little of their life together.<br /><br />In flashbacks, the past beauty of the love affair of Noah and Allie is portrayed by two of the most talented young actors to hit the screen.  Ryan Gosling, best known for his dalliance with Sandra Bullock after his role in her movie "Murder by Numbers", looks to be an indie actor who can follow the same path of Sean Penn.  He's not a movie star, look-wise, by any stretch of the imagination, but his skill in his portrayals, and his wry irony shines through in his characterizations.  He's a great Noah, and Cassavetes is a great judge of talent in having cast him.  And Rachel McAdams, seen only briefly before in the Lindsay Lohan movie " Mean Girls "  and the horrible "The Hot Chick" lives up to her reputation as the next Julia Roberts, with her performance as Allie.  Allie's a tough character to play, since, to the naked eye, she is so perfect, but McAdams manages to capture her character flaws as well.  Like Roberts in "Pretty Woman", McAdams captures your imagination with her smile, her animation, and the deft way in which she delivers a line.  I would warrant to say that the camera love McAdams, and that this role will lead to many, many offers for better parts in her career.<br /><br />Cassavetes puts all the elements together, doesn't get hung up on the sadness, and runs the picture only a bit too long.  When the story of a couple through the years - from a forbidden courtship, to separation, to renewal and then to the quiet end of their years together, closes, you'll find yourself touched by the movie in an even better way than readers were touched by Sparks' fiction.<br /><br />A real summer sleeper that should do very well in DVD - by all means, see it.
Wow...this is a GREAT romance. The best I've ever seen. I want to see it over and over. It made me long for a love like the one protrayed. I will buy the DVD the day that it's released. This is a must see for everyone.
This is the first time I've rated a movie higher than the book from which it spawned. Though I rate Nicholas Sparks a superb author, The Notebook on the screen is the better of the two.<br /><br />I particularly like the explanation to a grown up Allie from her mother, expressing her own dilemma at Allie's age. It explains her confused but driven motives as a mother of the teenaged Ally. I like the movie's end.<br /><br />Though there was more in the book concerning the children of the marriage that Allie chose, the movie focused on the relationship of the adults. Most marriages produce children, but the focus on the love of the courtship and marriage was correctly portrayed.<br /><br />This is an incredible story.  It is one I'm sure more people than would admit relate to.  See the movie.  Read the book.
I read this book a while ago and basically loved it, but time had me forget the whole story.  The movie is excellent!  As I watched it, it all came back!  The acting is well done and the actors were perfectly choosen.  Forget when others say it's too romantic- it's tells a story like no other.  Even the guys/men in the cinema were choked up and admitted they enjoyed it.<br /><br />If you cry easy, take the whole box of tissue.  It's that good! Kudos to the cast and crew.
Ten weeks after its release and still going strong after plowing past the $75 million mark, it's clear director Nick Cassavetes did a lot of things right with 'The Notebook.'  Most importantly, he nailed the casting.  It's the reason I went, despite the possibility of this bering a maudlin 'chick flick' (it exceeds those expectations, thankfully).<br /><br />You've got Ryan Gosling as the lead - having seen 'The Believer', I'm now willing to see anything Gosling is in.  There are a lot of people who feel the same way, I'm sure.  Here is a great actor.  The single thing that makes the film work is that Gosling is nobody's idea of a romantic leading man.  He admits that himself.  So when Rachel McAdams' character falls for him, it's not because of his looks, but rather what he's done to earn her interest.  There's a feeling of reality there that doesn't come with most films.  Let's credit Nick Cassavetes for seeing that in Gosling (Cassavetes personally wooed him for the role).<br /><br />In fact, if you were to reverse the roles of Gosling and James Marsden (McAdams' other suitor), the movie simply would not work.  And that's no slap against Marsden's work here.  He shines as well, and Cassavetes works hard to keep him a sympathetic character (tough, because he could easily be cast as the villianous other man).  But Marseden's movie-star good looks would actually work against him were he cast as the lead.  It's that type of playing against expectations and the good eye of Nick Cassavetes that makes 'The Notebook' continue to reap in box office dollars.
This movie is wonderful.  Ryan Gosling and Rachel McAdams have such great chemistry onscreen.  I actually believed that they were a couple madly in love with each other.  Rachel McAdams blows my mind-she went from snobby teen in Mean Girls to southern bell fighting for love in this movie and she does a brilliant job.  The story is wonderful and the ending is sad but good. I recommend this movie to all couples who are madly in love and woman who want to be.
I am not one for emotional movies, but this movie gave me a new look on life and love, and made me re-evaluate my relationship with my boyfriend and my family.  It's so touching how romantic, disagreeing, and different this movie is from the rest of the movies that try desperately to portray love.  Everyone I know that has seen it agrees with me, and has since understood from a more simple and basic point of view.  I would reccommend anyone to go and see this movie, if not to see it for the story, but for the meaning of love.
Just when you think their is no hope for true love in this world today, A movie like this comes out. The movie took you away from reality and you wanted to be in a relationship just like that one.<br /><br />I was overcome with emotion and for the brief time I was watching this movie, all the problems that we face in this world today seemed non existant. I can't wait to buy the dvd. 6 stars to Nick Cassavettes.
This has to be the most emotionally beautiful movie of the year.<br /><br />James Garner and Gena Rowlands are outstanding as the romatic leads in their elderly years dealing with the wife's senile dementia. Ryan Gosling and Rachel McAdams are perfect playing the romantic couple in their younger years, as they first meet and are torn apart.<br /><br />I went through nearly an entire travel-sized package of tissues during this movie. I just cried and cried. It is wonderfully romantic and touching. Just the story of Garner's character dealing with his wife's illness is moving enough. But then add in the story of their life together, and it is brilliant.<br /><br />Everything in this movie is high quality - the acting, direction and script. I would give it ten stars if the rating here went that high. A definate "must see".
You'll definitely need a small pocket-pack of kleenex, because this movie is hard to get through without getting choked up or shedding a tear. I was all choked up inside, and luckily I was right under the wire and managed not to cry a tear.<br /><br /> It's the story of Noah and Allie, two different teens brought together by love. Noah's the country boy who lives with his father and doesn't make much of an earning. Allie's the rich, spoiled girl from the city. They meet the night of the carnival, and they fell in love soon after (Allie was resentful at first).<br /><br /> I'm not going to go on, in order not to ruin it, but it is the most beautiful movie I have watched since &quot;La Vita e Bella&quot;. I especially liked Ryan Gosling, who was tough but had that little bit of sensitivity and emotion that actors these days cannot seem to pull of.<br /><br /> I also liked Rachel McAdams, the lead actress. But I preferred Ryan Gosling as Noah, only because he pulled it off decently and made it seem as if he was Noah, when Allie constantly reminded me of Rachel McAdams.<br /><br /> Nevertheless, this was a stunning movie with some brilliant actors who really seemed to come together and work as a team.
i watched the movie before reading the book. i loved the movie. it was more arranged to work around the character of the young Noah and Allie rather than the book. but both wonderful. i can't wait for the dvd. this is a really nice told story. it just gives so much hope that everyone deserves to be happy and deserves a second chance in a lost love.
This is a beautifully narrated story that I feel will be a classic someday.  How refreshing to finally view a movie that doesn't require nudity to make a point.  The love scenes are tastefully done.  The cinemetography is incredible as well.<br /><br />The relationship between Noah and Allie is more realistic than any modern day film.  The time period (1940's) is one that different ages can relate to as well.<br /><br />This is definitely one that I will purchase for my DVD collection.  If you loved Far and Away, The Titanic,this one is definitely worth it!<br /><br />I bought the soundtrack and love every song on it.
Believe me when I say, &quot;Take a box of tissues with you!&quot;...this story will pull at your heartstrings and make you cry: if you're like me, you went in expecting to tear up a little (that happens once in awhile, but crying buckets?!...come on, I didn't expect that!), but came out with wet cheeks and wadded up napkins in your hands...<br /><br /> This touching story by Nicholas Sparks (A Walk to Remember, Message in a Bottle) begins with two people in a old-folks care center: Duke reading a love story from a notebook to a woman named Allie. The story revolves around two young people who met, fell in love and spent a wonderful summer together, before being torn apart by life, circumstances, and interferring people; when they are reunited again many years later, things have changed in both their lives...but will they ever be able to forget each other and move on, or are they really meant to be?<br /><br /> For those of you worried about content, I should first say, please don't take any young children or tweens to this film: there is some intense fighting, family scenes, a fairly graphic sex scene, some nudity, lots of sensuality, many implied affairs and liasons, and some language.<br /><br /> The acting in this film was very well done, both by the older couple in the care home and the younger people in the love story, read from the notebook. Take a box of tissues with you to this one: trust me, you're going to need it!
This is a thoroughly engaging, very sentimental love story.<br /><br /> The film opens with a long, beautifully filmed shot of a man (James Garner) rowing across a lake, he docks and enters a lovely mansion and is introduced to an woman (Gena Rowlands) as &quot;Duke&quot; who has come to read to her. As he begins to read the action shifts and we are taken into his story of a wealthy one woman who falls in love with a poor young man in the summer of 1940. Although the action is predictible (young lovers are torn apart by disapproving parents) and many of the characters are old relibles (Southern good old boys, disapproving socialite mother, faithful friend etc) they come to life rather than being mere stock players.<br /><br /> The action shifts back and forth between to older couple in the present day and the young lovers in the past, at times wrenching the audience away at crucial moments. The outcome is familiar and yet is still touching and manages a surprise or two.<br /><br /> The acting is superb, Gena Rowlands is particularly effective as her character struggles to break free from the grip of Alzheimer's, James Garner is touching as he stubbornly refuses to leave her.<br /><br /> This is a film that is beautifully filmed, written and acted. Definitely a 'must see'.
This is one of, if the best best love story I have ever watched. The Chemistry between Noah and Allie is undeniable. The casting was phenomenal, Ryan Gosling drew the audience in with this performance. This is a movie that all should see at least once, it will ignite feelings and memories that may have been forgotten.
The piece that Ellie played was by Chopin Prelude No. 4 in E minor Op. 28, it can be found on Amazon.com under the title of 'Chopin: Preludes & Nocturnes'.
I saw The Notebook with a few friends last night. I was anxious to see it because my friends have raved about it, but I was convinced they were right last night from the beginning to the very end. I usually don't cry during movies, but I honestly couldn't stop the tears from rolling down my cheeks. It seemed as though the rest of the audience reacted the same way, because at quiet times during the movie all I heard was sniffling.  The Notebook is an amazing love story and I felt like I had a connection with the characters. It emphasizes the joy of falling in love and being in love. I really enjoyed every aspect of this movie and I am planning on seeing it again very soon. This is one of those few movies you could watch a thousand times and never get sick of it. I highly, highly recommend The Notebook!! It's definitely a "must-see".
I saw this movie a couple of days ago and I have to say it was money well spent. The acting was near flawless, very good script, excellent direction, and beautiful lighting techniques that really stood out above everything else. It's not your classic " run of the mill" over the top romance films. No, this movie had more depth, more genuine emotions, and good character development. I think you too will enjoy this film, especially if you like romantic movies that inspire you to fall in love all over again .
Ok, I will write this review despite the fact that probably noone will read it.  This is my all time favorite movie. Why? Because it never gets boring to watch. Yes I am a chick. Yes, this is a chick movie. But, guys like it too, even though they won't admit it. My very manly husband has watched this with me 2x, and CRIED both times. Don't let that scare you off, especially the guys. It is absolutely one of the best love stories ever ever ever put to film. Never cheesy, despite other reviews. It tells the story of two young adults finding love for perhaps the first time. If that isn't universal, I don't know what is. The satisfaction of seeing them finally end up together is so gratifying.  The kiss in the rain (as shown on the cover of the movie) is worth watching all by itself. Yes I am a hopeless romantic. Deep down, who isn't?  EVERYONE should see this movie. Then you will know why it is so beloved. If i could give it 10 stars I would.
This romantic and beautiful film begins at a rest home for the elderly.  "Duke" (James Garner) spends his time reading from a notebook to a woman suffering from Alzheimer's disease (Gena Rowlands).  The story in the notebook centers on two teenagers, Noah Calhoun (Ryan Gosling) and Allie Hamilton (Rachel McAdams).  Noah is a underprivleged boy who lives with his father (Sam Shepard) and works at a local lumber yard.  Allie lives with very well-to-do parents and has aspirations of attending a prestegious college in New York.  Despite their very different upbringings, Noah and Allie begin a whirlwind romance that develops into genuine intimacy.  Allie's parents intervene to stop the romance, insisting that Noah isn't good for Allie, but the romance continues until the day comes that Allie must leave for college.<br /><br />Despite writing to her for 365 consecutive days, Noah never receives word from Allie after she leaves for college.  Noah and his best buddy join the Army after the Japanese attacked Pearl Harbor, and Allie becomes a nurse volunteer, where she soon meets Lon Hammond (James Marsden).  Lon and Allie begin a romance of their own and fall in love.  Lon is much more appealing to Allie's parents, due to his wealth and fine upbringing.  Meanwhile, Noah returned home to restore his dream home.<br /><br />However, after a chance meeting, Noah and Allie rekindle their earlier relationship.  This reunion has forced Allie to choose between her true love and "class order".<br /><br />By this time in the movie, the viewer should be able to figure out the connection between "Duke" and the lady suffering from Alzheimer's.  "Duke's" caring and concern for the woman is a high point throughout the course of the film.  As for Allie, will she choose Noah or Lon?<br /><br />This is an excellent film.  James Garner and Gena Rowlands give moving performances as the aging couple, and Ryan Gosling and Rachel McAdams are superb as well.  The story is very cleverly scripted, and it is heartwarming to see true love win in the end.  I highly recommend this film.  Watch and see how true love can overcome any obstacle.
Seriously, I don't get the rave reviews for this movie. People I know are ranting about it as if actually came within a mile of such love classics as "Titanic", "Pearl Harbor", and "A Walk in the Clouds". Trust me, it doesn't; this film doesn't set a toe on the royal grounds of films like that. And what beats me is, why? This movie has an excellent story, is based on a breathtakingly moving book, and stuck almost entirely to the book; what went wrong??<br /><br />Maybe it's the characterizations. Let's start with romantic hero (or maybe fanatic) Noah. The initial meeting between them, so gently lovely in the book, is nothing even close in the movie. Instead of a mutual attraction like the one in the book, we have heroine Ally on a date with someone else and Noah chasing her like some lovesick clown. She's not interested, he won't take no for an answer, and he follows her around the whole date, even hanging from a bar on the ferris wheel, dangling in front of her seat at one point! Is this supposed to be endearing? I found it annoyingly idiotic: this guy isn't a romantic, he's a clownish dope. Eventually, for reasons I can't remember, Ally agrees to a date and finds herself slowly drawn into him. It's beyond me why; his idea of quiet time is lying on a street beneath a traffic light, late at night when the street's deserted. When he does this in front of her, she slowly lies down and joins him on the pavement with a thoughtful look on her face, as though she actually finds what he's doing to be clever or interesting (or maybe I mistook that look on her face; she could have been wondering if he'd resist when she drove him to a mental home. I rather prefer that theory). When a car nearly hits them as they're lying in the street, they scream, jump up and run, and for some reason afterwards Ally decides he's fun enough for her to date again (I guess almost getting killed by a car does give one a thrill). Their relationship progresses ever deeper after that.<br /><br />The good news: Noah's character stops being an idiot and becomes deeper, along with his love for Ally. The bad news? Once Noah gives up the title of date-hungry goofball, Ally's character picks it up. Ally, to my disappointment, becomes a needy chatterbox. In the first sex scene, they go into an abandoned house and begin making love on the floor. Once they're naked and halfway into the act, Ally wrenches her lips from his long enough to say, "Are we really doing it? Are we really having sex?" He grabs her lips again, but she pulls away and says, "No really, are we actually doing this?" Well honey, he's halfway into you and your clothes are lying over there; what do you think? For some reason, the girl doesn't shut up. She keeps yapping about what a big thing it is they're doing and the scene, for me, was totally ruined (judging from poor Noah's exasperated face, it was ruined for him too). Why the director felt the need to give Ally so much unnecessary dialogue at such an unnecessary time is beyond me. This isn't the only time there's a flood of unnecessary chatter, either: when they break up not long afterward, their painful argument ends with Noah hopping in his truck and preparing to speed off. Ally watches in quiet anger and the pathos of the scene is effective..until Ally runs up to the truck and starts yapping in the window "Are we really breaking up? No seriously, are we really doing this, Noah?" Naturally, he gives her a disgusted look and speeds off anyway. WHAT is with this scene? Silent anger one minute, the girl blathering like an idiot in his face the next? Are movies like this the reason people think women can't make up their minds?<br /><br />The rest of the plot is completely contrived, from them getting back together and face-sucking like mad in a rainstorm, to the scene where they finally make love, with Ally yanking Noah's pants down and Noah carrying her up the stairs with his trousers down around his ankles. And the killer is, it SHOULD have been moving! What's missing? Credibility I guess, or real pathos. The single flawless scene in the movie consists of Ally sitting on Noah's porch in early morning, painting while wrapped in a blanket the night after their love-making. If every scene had been as gentle, as sincere and vulnerable as this, the movie would have soared. Instead, it just came off as a would-be model for a moving film. Don't let anyone fool you into thinking this is a classic on the same plains as a Shakespeare or a Titanic. It's a semi-effective chick flick, and that's it. If you want to know my views of the film's ending (which I don't wish to spoil here), please read the first comment in this review's comment section.
I can't even think of this movie without almost crying!  I'm not one to get into the tearjerker movies and didn't want to watch it, but it was on a movie channel so I thought "What the heck?"  The acting was magnificent throughout the movie.  I was on edge when I didn't think love was going to work out the way it should.  I thought "Where's MY guy at who hounds me and reveres me??"  Oh..and how it ends.  Don't get me started.<br /><br />I'd write much more about this movie but I don't want to give the plot away.  While it wasn't hard to figure out who was who and what was going on, it still moved me to tears.  It wasn't the art of surprise, but the overwhelming dedication that two people can have for each other.  A must see!
This has to be the best movie I've watched this year.  This is a movie so<br />loaded with emotion that tears still cloud my eyes as I<br />write this.<br /><br />The story is about a couple, Noah and Allison, who, as<br />teenagers, discover first love.  Their love for each other<br />is breathtaking and it spans the entire breadth,  depth and<br />height of their lives.<br /><br />The story is so well told that I wouldn't attempt to ruin<br />the movie by giving my intepretation of it here.  This<br />mppovie is about **true love**.  A love that fills one so<br />completely as to give life new meaning,  purpose and<br />fulfillment.<br /><br />This movie will inspire those who have become jaded with<br />love.  In a world where heartbreak is the norm and our lives<br />are dominated by a perpetual emptiness punctuated by short<br />meaningless trists with people we *hope* are our soul<br />mates.<br /><br />In such a world,  it's hard to believe that anyone can find<br />true love.  It's hard to imagine that we can actually marry<br />someone who we never tire of.  Seeing someone every morning<br />three hundred and sixty five days of the year every year<br />of one's life is often viewed as the ultimate chore.<br />That perception is far from the truth.<br /><br />When one meets their better half,  their whole being is<br />emancipated.  Waking up everyday to see the one you love is<br />far from torture.  It's a welcome repreive<br />after walk around for years as half a person.  When your<br />soul mate travels or leaves for work early,  the moment you<br />wake up is one filled with brief ancienty and a slight<br />emptiness.  You ask::<br /><br />  "Where is my other half?"<br /><br /> This movie tells that story.  The story of completion.  The<br /> story of discovering that there is no greater purpose in<br /> life than to spend that life dedicated to the service of<br /> one you truly love.  To give up all you are to become who<br /> you should be,  all through love.<br /><br /> The Billionaire path is one that has precious little time<br /> to spend on that risky investment called love.  I rarely<br /> have time simply to go out and meet *potential soul<br /> mates* let alone spend time with the lady that I am<br /> truly attracted to.  This movie provides a poignant<br /> reminder that the investment spent in search of love is not<br /> in vain.  The journey,  and not the end,  is the reward.<br /> For those who do find love,  they will accelerate even<br /> faster along the Path.<br /><br /> This movie reassures us that True love is empowering,<br /> motivating,  inspiring and constantly energizing.
This movie can be summed up in one word - commitment.  Noah (the husband) is faithful to his wife and in his own words he has loved someone with all his heart and soul and that is success enough for him.<br /><br />Yes, the story is a bit corny and simple but then these two people who met in 1940, married sometime in the late 40s and are STILL happily married in 2004, come from a simpler time.<br /><br />This is not about action, violence, sex or $$.  If you don't understand the depth of love the two characters have for each other, then you don't understand the movie.<br /><br />Watch this movie with your significant other......this is not a chick flick.  It is about the way marriage commitment should be....
I have read "The Notebook" three times now. After I read it and fell in love with the story; I bought the book for a friend. She then became hooked on Nick Sparks work. I went to see the movie in the Theater and at the end of the movie was left feeling disappointed. I remembered things from the book that should not have been left out of the movie. And a few things were added to the story that should not have been.  The fighting and making out for instance was not in the book and should have been left out of the movie! After watching the movie I reread the book to see how my memory was of the book. I was even more upset after i finished reading. The book really is so much better. A beautiful love story that I will stick to reading over. I will not watch this movie again!
As is the case with the book, "The Notebook" is an unexceptional story. The overall experience is improved, however, by the presence of Rachel McAdams, one of the brightest stars in Hollywood today. This is McAdams' movie from start to finish, in spite of interesting performances by James Garner (my favorite actor) and Gena Rowlands. The character of Noah is not as appealing as he is in the book, and I think this makes Allie's dilemma less dramatic than it could have been. Parents beware that the sexuality in this movie is "R" caliber.
This movie is fantastic.  Noah and Allie's relationship is portrayed very believably, and their chemistry is impeccable.  Ryan Gosling seems made for the role; Rachel McAdams proves she will be a household name in the near future.  Buy/rent/go see this movie--you are not likely to regret it.
Okay so you might call this movie completely predictable. But that's what a love story is all about. It's not made to have you keep guessing. It's a feel good, makes you want to cry type of movie. I mean finally we have something that is all about the love and not the high pack action that seems to revolve in almost all movies now a days. How can we have movies that have the guy blowing up some person one second and then in two seconds falling for the women he saved. It's not realistic. The Notebook it a good film and if nothing else just one that will make you cheer up on a sad day. Plus you can also see it over and over and it will never get boring. A little tip as well, if you have yet to see the film I would recommend reading the book first. It's really a great novel and they contrast quite well.
I have never cried so hard in my life especially at a movie. This movie made you want to feel the most passionate love, and it makes you hope that there is such a love and thats what everyone should be striving for regardless of everything. It was truly engrossing, the actors were perfect for their roles, it was truly a beautiful movie i can't wait to own it!!!
Yes, this is a love story! One that I will never forget.In today's world of "throw-away-marriages" it was very refreshing to view the commitment displayed. Many people that were crying I'm sure wanted this for themselves...and what a great picture to all the teens in the audience. Marriage IS hard work, it's not all romance & roses. But what a reward when commitment and love persevere!!
Great movie.  I saw it with someone I love and did my best not to cry.  Thing is, it's not a sad movie, rather one that tells of true love, one so profound that it endures relatives, Alzhiemers' and time.  Gosling and McAllen were tremendous in their roles, but I was most impressed with James Garner and Ms. Rowlands' performances.  Most of the couples left the theater arm in arm.  Nice.
The Notebook is the best movie i've seen in a while. it was the first movie i bawled like a baby...and you see ryan gosling in a number of half-naked scenes :D. so bring your girl (or a guy) and watch this compelling story of two-star crossed lovers. it's definitely worth your 7 bucks.
After the tearjerker film, A WALK TO REMEMBER, and reading Sparks books, THE RESCUE and A BEND IN THE ROAD, I was hesitant about suffering through so much emotion.  The music chosen by Aaron Zigman was well done. In one party scene, Count Basie performed, later on the soundtrack there is 'Opus One' and 'Where or When' which add to the atmosphere.  The star of this movie looked like a young Richard Chamberlain when he played the priest in THE THORN BIRDS. The girl's mother looked like an old Lee Remick.<br /><br />There was a beautiful sunset over the lake. In the beginning there are seagulls flying in from the water. Then the place is full of white ducks which she feeds, like I used to do for a bunch of geese not so long ago. At the end there are seven geese flying in formation over the old Windsor Plantation (about 250 years old) which he had redone to suit the woman he had loved 'with all my heart and soul.' They'd met on June 6, 1940, at a carnival similar to the East Tennessee Valley Fair held each fall in Knoxville; he took her to the Buster Keeton movie, LIL ABNER, at the American Theater in a dumpy little place sorta like Middlesboro, KY. There we witnessed the vulgarity of the ultra rich. The debataute wore hooker's shoes. Their strip tease scene was emotional in the old mansion; it was like a soap opera on t.v. with lots of heavy breathing.  This was about young love, with seventeen yr. old emotions.  A lost love is always tearful; a renewed love a marvel to behold. Nothing is lost forever, fires will flame again: paraphrased from Walt Whitman. There was some nudity, the row of naked men was just plain silly. The nude artist was just as crude. He was not afraid to hurt her feelings (like someone I know) and they were always at odds, not agreeing about anything.<br /><br />Time flies when you're lost as she was later in life; he told her as they read the Notebook of his Memories together, "You just went away for a little while." The Empire Theater in New York was nice.  Supposedly about a common man with common thoughts, I find him to be very uncommon. A person can get used to anything, if given enough time. Gena Rowlands and James Garner, seasoned actors, did a commendable job as the oldsters. Sam Shepard is also in this movie.  It just proves the Lakota belief ...that miracles no matter how unbelievable, are real and can happen.... I've had a couple of miracles of my own.  He's a good writer and sometimes I have wondered where he finds his material; this story was based on his wife's grandparents. Now, we know. Fiction is mostly about real people.  The ending is bittersweet.
Cloyingly sweet tear-jerker that overflows with sentimentality that left this reviewer feeling emotionally manipulated. The first 20 minutes or so are soporifically boring as the two main characters meet and slowly fall in love. After that, the plot moves forward at a more rigorous pace. However, the plot revolves around the standard "rich girl-poor boy" device that has been done many times before, including their separation and reunion many years later. Then comes the dilemma of the woman having to choose between her current fiance and her previous lover. Snore.<br /><br />What is somewhat redeeming are the terrific performances by James Garner and Gena Rowlands who play the lovers in their old age. The ending is contrived, but will wrench tears from you nonetheless. Recommended for those seeking a romantic cry-fest.
This type of film is so rare these days it is definately welcome. This movie is a proper love story which will go down well with romantic-fans.
I had zero desire to see this last summer in the theater but ended up going w/my parents on a trip home.  It's not perfect but it packs a wallop, mainly because of Ryan Gosling and Rachel McAdams.  They commit themselves fully and their performances are incredibly moving.  Yes, Gena Rowlands and James Garner are reliable and deliver good work, but it's Gosling and McAdams who make you believe in the story.  I don't care how tough or macho you think you may be; if you even have one shred of romantic sensibility, you'll be swept up by The Notebook.  And you'll bite your lip, call yourself a sucker, and clench your fists during some of the less subtle moments because you'll know, deep down, that this is one of the finest love stories you've ever seen.
I barely noticed this movie when it came out last summer in the theatre. It was not my type of movie, or so I thought.<br /><br />Looked mushy and probably corny to some degree. I heard all the teachers at work talking about it, and some of them read the book. I just ignored it to the best of my ability.<br /><br />I have come to think of myself as an epic movie lover. I have gravitated toward "boy movies" for the past 10 or so years (with the exception being Steel Magnolias--which has some parallels, but moving on...).<br /><br />Last week I had a day to myself with nothing much to do. I decided to pick up a few movies and spend a day watching films wrapped in a blanket.<br /><br />I found a few I wanted to see and was searching for one more to add. I walked past The Notebook. I thought about it. Why not?<br /><br />I watched all of my other films first. It turns out I saved the best for last, however unexpected.<br /><br />I could not take my eyes off the film. I have watched it many times this week, and I cry every time.<br /><br />It is a beautiful love story to say the least. The appeal I think is the deep love conveyed by actor Ryan Gosling (Noah) for his sweetheart Ally (Rachel McAdams).<br /><br />I guess girls are suckers for that whole undying love thing. The thought that this gorgeous sweet man loves so deeply for this women, that no amount of time or tragedy can get her out of his mind or heart.<br /><br />I am torn on my overall feelings after the movie. It makes me very sad, but I fight that feeling. I try to relish in the positive and beautiful parts of story. It makes me realize that love stories are my cup of tea after all.
"The most romantic movie since Titanic."<br />When I read this in the headlines, I wanted to see this movie.<br />And trust me, this is a very romantic, emotional, beautiful film.<br /><br />The actors make the story come to life. They act so good, that you have the feeling that it's all happening 'live' right before your eyes. The way how they express their emotion, their feeling, there love for eachother is very realistic.<br /> The locations and sets that are used in this film are maqnificent to give the movie a great look. You feel like you're really there.<br />Also the music is used as a perfect background to bring even more emotion to the scenes.<br /> Then, there is the story. A strong love story about two young people who fall in love and have the romance that everbody wants to experience. But then, it goes terribly wrong, and the lovers go different paths, but are brought together again by faith. But of course, the life around them has changed, bringing them in a difficult situation.<br /><br />I really recommend this movie to you if you loved the lovestories in movies like "Titanic", "Romeo + Juliet", or even "Pearl Harbor", or any other great romance movie.<br /><br />A few minutes ago I was still watching this film for the first time. All I can say is that I'm breathless.<br />When the credits were rolling over the screen I was just thinking one word: "Wow"<br /><br />I hope you'll have the same experience.
I don't usually cry during movies, but this movie was an exeption. From the time they broke up, till the end I was nearly bawling. This movie is great and I can watch it over and over without getting board. I would recommend it to anyone.
I've had people tell me they didn't want to watch this movie due to the fact that it's a "Chick flick".  I'm here to tell you that this movie is oh so much more then that.  It is a movie about life and love that lasts a lifetime!<br /><br />For the record, of the people who told me they wouldn't watch this movie, I got two of them to watch it with me.  One has a new favorite movie and it is this one.  The other buried his head under his shirt to hide his crying at the end.<br /><br />More often then not, the book is so much better then the movie version.  But in this case, I've got to say that although I did enjoy the book, the movie is by far better.  Ryan Gosling and Rachel McAdams were fabulous; I am very much looking forward to seeing them in other movies now.  Of course James Garner and Gena Rowlands were wonderful too.
I do not like ratings that tell you the entire story.  What's the point of watching the movie after someone has already laid it all out for you?  So my ratings will not tell you every detail in this story.  Instead I want you to know this is the best love story ever.<br /><br />This couple knew great passion.  That is what held them together until the end.  By the last 10 ten minutes of this movie you feel their passion, and their pain.  That is when the kleenex comes in.  I found myself crying uncontrollably.  That is the secret.  THIS MOVIE MAKES YOU FEEL.
I saw this movie with 2 friends, I knew about the plot, and was intriuged. When I sat down in the movie theater I wasn;t expecting what I saw. The acting was tremendous, the story was hearwrenching. I started crying 20 minutes into the movie and didn't stop until 1 hour after the movie was over.I read the book and it was wonderful but the movie captured the essence of the story, and the characters. It was one of the most amazing films I've ever seen, and I would watch it a thousand times again.
This movie was simply the most beautiful love story I have seen in a long time. It was tender and bittersweet at the same time and it made one think about "that" first love... you know the one that you still think about on that random Tuesday afternoon. "The Notebook" made the tears slip down my cheeks throughout the entire film, but it also made my heart smile so big and wide... I left the theater with a feeling I can't quite describe... but it was happy and sad all rolled into one... it was a feeling like love.
This is one of those movies that I've seen countless times, and whenever it's on TV, I end up watching it again.  It does make my heart ache though, because I'm not with the woman I love.  The story of Noah and Allie is one that is timeless, and will tug at your heart(if not, you're made of stone).  I love a woman just as deeply as Noah loves Allie, but she's moving away.  I've loved her for the last 10 years, and now I have to just watch her move away.  It breaks my heart, and I can only hope that she somehow comes back to me someday.  I long for the day when I can watch this movie with her, and wake up next to her every day.  The Notebook is a powerful movie and will always be one of my favorites.
I think everybody has covered the movie itself in their reviews so I'm not gonna go into it in mine... mine is all about the packaging.<br /><br />Don't get me wrong, the packaging of the limited edition Blu Ray is awesome, i loved it but, it's too big!  I hate it when movie boxes are of all shapes and sizes.  I hate it even more when there's no title on the side of the boxes (not the case with this one) making it hard for others to find a movie when they're looking for something.<br /><br />I bought this edition out of haste and didn't realize it had all the extra stuff inside until it was too late. I think it's a nice bonus to get all this but I could have done without it.  I would've preferred an additional disc with extras.  You might say I should return it or exchange it but it's too much hassle... so I'm keeping it.<br /><br />I wish all movies would follow The Godfather's steps.  I mean, they managed to put all 3 movies and an additional disc with extras in a slightly wider Blu Ray case.<br /><br />I'm still giving it 5 stars because, despite the fact that it comes in a huge box, it still is a beautiful big box with nice extras.
This movie seems to have taken its inspiration from The Stepford Wives, except that all the men are perfect. The women are not bad, either, which makes for a pretty boring story. There are no real conflicts, no really hard choices. Noah and Allie supposedly argue a lot, but you never hear what they're fighting about. Some of it's just kind of stupid - for example, you would think that Allie would check the mailbox at least once in a year. Some of it's just a bit absurd - for example, why does Allie answer the door wrapped in a blanket? Noah starts off charmingly crazy - dangling by one hand from a Ferris Wheel - and quickly becomes dotingly earnest. Well, there's something to be said for men who are passionately devoted to their wives. But I'll let someone else say it.
It doesn't get much better than this!  The onscreen chemistry is so obvious that it won't surprise you to learn that they are together offscreen (http://www.squidoo.com/rachelandryan)<br /><br />This is a must see film for anyone who likes romantic movies!
This is a MUST for your movie collection.  James Garner is at his best in this movie as he plays the patient man waiting on his wife to remember a mere second of their past as she has alzheimers.  Buy this movie and share it with anyone that is experiencing this disease in their family
On the surface, this is a smooth Romeo and Julietish styled story showcasing the dance of a romantic love that despite multitudinous strains and tests,  distills over time to something unearthly, uncanny, unnerving and fine. Behind the scenes however, touching nearly every conceivable level, is a production tour de force and synergy that stamps this movie as a timeless classic divining spiritual truths and one worthy of multiple viewings.
On Saturday night, we had a quiet evening in and watched The Notebook on DVD. We really enjoyed this poignant romance, and I'm glad we watched it at home because I was crying at the end. (Point of calibration: I'm a total softie. I get teary-eyed watching Extreme Makeover: Home Edition.) Young actors Ryan Gosling and Rachel McAdams were excellent as two teenagers from very different backgrounds who experience a summer love  that profoundly affects their lives. Their charm and chemistry was enchanting. Director Nick Cassavetes did a great job coaching their performances (as could be seen on some of the DVD extras), skillfully infusing their romance with the added magic of beautiful South Carolina landscape, a Norman Rockwell small town, and general Southern charm. The story of the young lovers is actually a story within a story: in the "outer story", an elderly man is reading the story to an elderly woman in a nursing home. As the inner story unfolds with occasional cuts back to the outer story, we get to see how the inner story affects the elderly man and woman (played beautifully by James Garner and Gena Rowlands). At the very beginning, the outer story seemed like an unnecessary device, but as we learn more about the elderly man and woman, and how they got to where they are in their lives, their story is as moving as the inner story. Other good performances included Joan Allen (as the young girl's mother), Sam Shephard (the young boy's father), and James Marsden (a rival love interest). In its passion and its charm, I found The Notebook to be the equal of Titanic. It's too bad it didn't get the same acclaim.
Any moviegoer hoping to see a heartwarming tale should look no further than the 2004 hit movie, "The Notebook".  The movie tells us about Noah and Allie, the love they have for each other and the trials and tribulations they endure as individuals and as a couple.  While alternating between their current lives together and the beginning of their relationship, the audience is taken on a journey that lets us know that true love can never be forgotten.<br /><br />In present day, Duke a.k.a. Noah (James Garner) and Allie (Gena Rowlands) are in a nursing facility.  Suffering from dementia, Allie has moments of clarity where she can remember different parts of her life, including Noah, their children and things that she once did such as play the piano.  However, during times when her memory has faded, Noah reads to her from a notebook (hence the title of the movie) that tells the story of how they met and the years following, in hopes that it will jar her memory, if only for a few moments.<br /><br />The story that Noah tells begins in the summer of 1940 in Seabrook, South Carolina.  A young Noah Calhoun (Ryan Gosling) meets Allie Hamilton (Rachel McAdams), a young socialite whose parents (played by Joan Allen and David Thornton) are extremely wealthy.  After a whirlwind romance, Allie's parents insist that she return to New York in order to attend college and leave Noah behind.  Over time Allie begins a new life for herself while Noah joins the armed forces during World War II and eventually returns to Seabrook to rebuild the dream home that he had promised Allie years earlier.<br /><br />Will Noah and Allie live happily ever after?  You'll have to watch the movie to find out.  However, "The Notebook" proves you can focus on powerful storytelling without the glitz and glam of special effects or car chases.  With an excellent cast, you feel drawn into this compelling story and actually care about what is happening with each of the characters, whether it's good times or bad.<br /><br />Some movies can be confusing while switching back and forth from past to present.  "The Notebook" is not one of them.  Although you can pretty much figure out where these characters have ended up, it's a nice "journey" to see how they've gotten there.<br /><br />One thing I wish had been added to the movie was Allie's reaction to being in New York and not hearing from Noah, even though the audience knows he's written to her everyday for a year.  We hear in conversation later in the movie that she cried herself to sleep, but we never really saw any reaction during that time.  Also her parents' reactions when she made her final decision would have been a satisfying touch.<br /><br />For a heartwarming and enlightening story of the survival of love, make sure you watch "The Notebook".  Don't forget to keep the box of tissues handy!
I read the book, so I thought I wouldn't get teary from the movie. I also thought the movie might not be as good as, or just like the book. I was wrong. the movie was just as moving and very ownable. I, along with my three daughters and husband thought the movie was great! My sixteen year old daughter didn't think that the "young Noah" was a good choice when she started watching the movie, by the movies end, she thought that they couldn't do better with anyone else. All the characters were so believable! What a great job and wonderful movie.
The notebook is the story of two lovers who come from opposite sides of the tracks and seem to have nothing in common but they are perfect for each other. It is told in a unique way. The audience sees an older couple and the man is reading the woman a story. Then we see the younger couple played by Rachel McAdams and Ryan Gosling. They do a superb job of playing the young lovers and James Garner and Gena Rowlands match them are the couple when they are older. I really liked the way the story was laid out and even my husband enjoyed it. It is a romantic story for both men and women!
I purchased this item not knowing what to expect as i had never seen this film before and also had not heard many reviews about it...don't let this fool you. This is a fantastic film about love and true devotion. It is rare for me to get emotionally involved in a film, and this film definately brought that out of me, crying most of the way through. For more than one reason. The passion and love is literally felt when watching this film.
When my fiancee and I first met, one of the things we found out about each other is that we loved to read. We couldn't decide on exactly WHAT to read, so we went to our local bookstore and picked up one of the newest novels we could find (mind you this was a few years ago). And it just so happened that we picked up Nicholas Sparks' novel, The Notebook. Definitely a "weeper".<br /><br />So when we saw that a film had been made about the first book we'd read together, we decided to give it a go.<br /><br />Like the book, the film dips us into the lives of Allie and Noah, two star-crossed lovers (excuse the cliche') living in the South who are Romeo-and-Juliet worlds apart. The movie moves us between their much older, present-day lives living in a care facility, and their young-love days during the 1940s. Allie now - in 2004 - has Alzheimer's and Noah reads her a story (their story) day after day, repeating it as often as he can, and, sometimes, Allie's mind comes back to him and they can bask in the glory of their love and lives ...but only for a few minutes before Alzheimer's rips her back into oblivion.<br /><br />We also get to see how difficult it was for them to come together as youngsters. Allie comes from a life of privilege and money, while Noah doesn't have two nickels to rub together. Allie is educated in language, the arts, and music, while Noah works at a saw mill factory. But the one thing they DO have is an unbridled love and passion for one another that neither of them can forsake. Not for family. Not for money. Not even for time and a memory stealing disease.<br /><br />******************************************************************************<br /><br />The most impressive things about this movie are the on-location sets and the acting of Gena Rowlands and James Garner. The plantations, in all of their pristine glory, were spectacular to behold, as was some of the cinematography which used a multitude of beautiful white geese.<br /><br />But if there was one thing that held my attention (and kept the tissue box near at hand), it was the performance of Garner and Rowlands. They played so excellently together that it was easy for me to believe that these were once two people who were very much in love. And when the older Allie comes back to the older Noah towards the end of the film, I doubt that there will be a dry eye anywhere in the world during that scene.<br /><br />Although all of the above was near perfection to watch, I did have some problems with the movie. For instance, when the young Allie (Rachel McAdams) finally comes back to the young Noah (Ryan Gosling), the film - with regards to their young lives - ends abruptly. I know WHY they did this, but it still felt stilted.<br /><br />Also, Alheimer's patients fail to maintain their faculties in a linear fashion, quickly losing their most recent memories, while retaining the older ones. So the fact that Gena Rowland's character recognized her nurses in the care facility but didn't recognize her husband, her story, nor her children, rang a bit hollow for me (I'm in the medical field by the way). But most people probably don't know this, so it wouldn't be that big of a deal to them.<br /><br />Even with these problems, it's a very decent film. I loved the performances (including Sam Shepard as Noah's father), and the 1940s sets were pulled off quite well. It's a movie well worth seeing but, like many others have pointed out, keep the tissue box close by. You'll need it!
This movie really touched my heart.  The story line was awesome but the ending was a little bizarre. I have recommended this show to everyone I know as a real "rainy day show" and to definitely have a tissue close.
My title says it all. The Notebook is not the greatest movie I have ever seen (as most women I know would claim), but it's worth your time if your girl wants to watch a sweet romance that won't put you to sleep. The beauty of Rachel McAdams held my attention throughout as did the well told story.
This movie passed me by when it first came out and I admit it didn't really appear on my radar until the 2005 MTV movie awards when Rachel McAdams cleaned up for her performances in both 'Mean Girls' and 'The Notebook'.<br /><br />It's not a perfect movie due to a couple of outlandish and disjointed scenes (the World War II frontline scene in particular) but that's forgiveable since the romantic storyline is timeless. Ryan Gosling and Rachel McAdams are well suited to their roles.<br /><br />The strong supporting cast, nostalgic reproduction of a bygone era and beautiful cinematography makes this movie more than worth the time.<br /><br />To the girls I can only say be prepared with the Kleenex, they rarely make them like this anymore.
I'm a huge fan of Nicholas Sparks and have seen his other book's movies (A Walk to Remember and Message in a Bottle) and love both of them.  I didn't read the book prior to seeing the movie, as I did with the other two, so I went into this one not knowing what was going to happen or what it was really about.  This movie really kept me captivated - I love the way it was put together; I love period movies too and this one was enchanting to look at with the swing music and gorgeous shoes and outfits (1940's).  I agree, it is a sappy movie, but most romances are; my husband watched it with me though and didn't complain.  It's a really really sweet story that you have to pay attention to or you might miss something (at least for me anyways, I had to watch it a couple times).  I'm a big fan of James Garner and Rachel McAdams and I was glad to see James Marsden in it (my favorite hollywood hottie!) too as the beautiful rich boy character!  I would definitely recommend this to anybody who likes romantic love stories.
I thought this was a beautiful movie. Ryan Gosling and Rachel McAdams have great chemistry, and Gena Rowlands and James Garner are incredible. A great film. The DVD is also outstanding with plenty of additional material that is interesting and adds details of how much care went into making this movie.
Loved the movie.  People are too critical.  Take it for what it is a wonderful, suspenful love story!  The actors are great!
The Notebook is...sappy, unrealistic, romantic and everybody wants to say "ugh, it's SO cheesy!" but everybody ends up liking it even though it IS very very sappy. It's a guilty pleasure but they make this movie in a way that gets you into it and feeling not so bad about liking it. Ryan Gosling and Rachel McAdams are great in this film (Rachel is absolutely gorgeous). They DID win best kiss at the MTV movie awards. Haha. It's a great romantic film to watch with your boyfriend/girlfriend os bunch of girlfriends. Guys will say "oh I was dragged to see it with my girlfriend" but secretly they will like it (hah). Don't watch it with people who will be like "this is SO unrealistic!" the entire time. It really ruins it because you KNOW it won't be realistic. It's just the "most romantic movie" ever!
I loved this movie! the movie was one of  my top five i cried so hard in this movie. it was such a greatly directed film. i went out today and bought the book. i have always heard the book is better than the movie. in this particular case i don't see how. this was such and emotional movie. the ending is sad yet wonderful at the same time. this is one of my most reccomended movies. if you watch it you are bound to love it!
I usually write long reviews.  This one is going to be brief because I don't see the need to duplicate what many other reviewers already said about this wonderful film.  I absolutely loved it.  My only problem was with the deleted scenes.  After I watched  the movie, I thought I would give it to my 12 1/2 year old daughter to watch, because it looked like something she would like.  It's rated PG-13, and she's almost thirteen, so I thought, "no problem."  Then I saw the deleted scenes.  Don't get me wrong.  They were very interesting, and I'm glad to have been able to see them.  But a couple of them would clearly have gotten an "R" rating, and the commentary over them said just that.  So, I would have preferred that they be given their own separate disc that I could remove before I handed my daughter the movie.  It's a shame that I won't be able to let her watch "The Notebook."  She always watches deleted scenes on dvds, and since there are R rated scenes on this PG13 rated disc, she's going to have to miss it.
I really only have one thing to say about this movie: despite the fact that it is completely dripping in the nectar of sentimentality and appeals to the hopeless romantic inside of us all, THE NOTEBOOK is good story-telling through and through.  You will not be surprised by the plot.  It is a classic tale of star-crossed lovers: she, a rich queen from a well-to-do family, and he, a simple craftsmen from humble beginnings.  Their summer fling is brought short by fate and becomes the focal point of their young lives.  I won't completely reveal the ending, but as Hollywood is wont to do, our lovers do not remain star-crossed forever and we all share a big cry at the end.  Big shocker.<br /><br />But, as I said, despite the fact that THE NOTEBOOK is a sappy love story, it is a moving one all the same.  In particular, I found the "present-day" love story between James Garner and Gena Rowlands particularly touching.  If nothing else, it helps to break the well-trodden story and provide a bit of originality.  Unfortunately, to do so it simply weaves in another traveled road: a story about a woman losing her memory, only to have moments of clarity brought about by the re-telling of her life's epic love story.  If you do not shed at least one tear during the final scene of this film, you have no soul.  But just keep it at one tear.  I will give the following recommendation: if you enjoy watching romantic stories, THE NOTEBOOK is well-told and will delight you to the ends of the earth.  If you absolutely hate sentimentality, go elsewhere.
I have never seen a girl cry more than I did watching this movie!! She cried seemingly through the entire thing.... It was a great love story, tragic and happy all wrapped into one.<br /><br />Drop the macho trip, enjoy the movie... your lady friend will appreciate the sentiment.
I am completely in love with this movie. (I didnt think it was a tear jerker) The characters are well thought out...and the storyline is very cliche- but still well told.
Described, as a "sleeper" hit , of 2004 , " The Notebook " , comes up, nothing short, of it's high reviews.  With over twenty years, of films that glorify violence, addictions , and sex....it's hard to be taken in, by a film that detracts from the common themes , in today's cinema. Initially , this film starts out as sweet as a gallon of Chocolate chip, icecream. However , the characters , become more complex and the film gains a hefty amount of substance , by the second act. Seemingly, going from 1st shift , to high gear , and before long , you'll be transfixed. Ryan Gosling and Rachel McAdams give great perfomances ( as young Noah and Allie )....but it's the subtle and searing, performances of James Garner and Gena Rowlands ( as the old Noah and Allie ), that make this film memorable. Without the latter actors , I don't think this film would've reached the level of critical success that it has.They simply take the film into a higher plateu. Nick Cassavetes , does a phenominal job , of directing a story about an elderly couple  , who are very much in love. Unfortunately, Alzheimer's  , is slowly erasing the memories , from the wife ( Rowlands ). Therefore , the husband ( Garner ) reaquaints himself with her , periodically , and uses hand written memoirs , of their life together ( Notebook )  , to bring her back to him. As you would expect , there's alot of cheesy sentimentality. But this film's honest approach to telling a simple love story, shines through the modern themes, of today's films. However ,due to some explicit sex scenes, parental guidance is strongly suggested. Finally : by simply , staying the course , "The Notebook" , manages to surpass some of the " Blockbuster" films, of last year. Personally , by the end of the film , I simply wanted to embrace my loved one. More than likely , you will , too. The dvd offers a steady supply of extras and the commentary by the director is very interesting. Even more so , after watching the film , in it's uninterupted entirety.
My favorite movie,I could watch it many times and cry as if I'm watching it for the first time!
I LOVED this movie. I very rarely can say that about a movie based on a book, but I truly loved this movie. It has you twisting in your seat, laughing, and not only crying but maybe even sobbing. "Tear jerker" movies rarely get me crying, however this one did it to me. The movie version differed from the book somewhat, and the ending was completely different, however I wouldn't change one thing about the film version. James Garner deserves an Oscar for his performance, and in my opinion this was his best performance yet.<br /><br />I highly recommend this movie to anyone.  It is a worthwhile old-fashioned romance that even cynics would enjoy.
There are certain parts of this movie I love. Like every single part with Ryan Gosling and Rachel McAdams. I've read a lot of praise for the scenes (which cut in during the teenageer stuff) in which an older man is reading a love story to a senile  woman. True, the sweetness and the tenderness between James Garner and Gena Rowlands is undeniable, but I think it takes away from the story. I don't care how the book goes. I haven't read it. To me that's not important. I'm judging a movie, not how well the movie sticks with the book.<br /><br />It's a classic love story. Boy gets girl... you know the formula. Noah (Gosling) sees Ally (McAdams) at the fair and asks her out. She says no, then hops on the ferris wheel with another guy that doesn't even compare to Noah. Noah is crazy in love at first sight and jumps onto the ferris wheel, mid-motion, and dangles hundreds of feet in the air until she agrees to a date. Their love is everything that everyone wishes they had. They fight, they make up. Most importantly, they have passion, and  man oh man does that show on screen between Gosling and McAdams. I don't think I've ever seen such amazing chemistry. Her parents, of course, don't approve. This boy doesn't make enough money. This boy isn't good enough for you. Blah blah blah. So her parents immediately move when they realize their daughter is TOO in love. Noah still loves her and writes her a letter everyday for a year, which, of course, she doesn't get because mommy dearest hides them. Years go by. Ally is engaged to another man, but still thinks of Noah. What's a girl to do? She gets in her car and goes to see him, pretending like she's utterly happy with her new guy and her new life. But that passion between them is still there.<br /><br />There's lots of little bits to this movie so it's hard to describe in such a short space. Does everything work out? Well, sort of. I suppose it does, but I guess it really depends on how you look at. The ending is so sappy that I could've sworn someone just dumped honey over my head. I know this movie could've been done a lot more gracefully. There's a thin line between sweet and melodramatic and this movie jumps that line right into the dead center of melodrama. Ick. Okay, okay. I did like the movie. But I'd be lying if I said there weren't things that definitely could be changed. I do recommend this movie. Rent it before you buy it, though. It'd be a great Valentine's gift. Or just a nice anytime gift for your sweetie. A gift that says, "Let's die together." Lovely. Really lovely. No, I mean it. It would make a great gift. 3 and 1/2 STARS... 3 is too low and 4 is too high!! RECOMMENDED!!
I absolutely loved this movie. The actors were splendid. And to think that one man could love a women so much to do the things he does for her every day just gives us a sense of hope.
What a spellbinding LOVE story. The Movie is MUCH better than the book! Produced in a Wonderful way to tell a story so heartwarming! I'm no chick, but I recommend this movie to everyone, including you GUYS who might otherwise watch something more "Manly". Get this DVD for that woman you love...she will be forever grateful!!!
AMAZING is the only word to describe this movie. The best movie i've ever seen....by far! I LOVE IT!
I loved this movie! It was definitely a tear-jerker but worth seeing again and again.I can't wait to own this movie!
This story is just, well, amazing. I cried soo much towards the ending of the film, it was crazy. I read the book, and then went to see it. And I definately recommend that you read the book before, because it describes noah and allies love to a point that the movie cannot. I have never cried through a movie. Never, I's usually the one to be laughing through one of the sappy i love you moments, while everyone else is crying. But this time, I just caved and started crying. And when I walked out of the theatre, I wasn't surprised to see that everyone else was crying. Actually, when we all walked out of the theatre, we were smiling at each other, because we all just enjoyed it so much.<br /><br />It is amust see, and if you don't see it, you'll truly truly miss out.
When the movie ended I was very upset for two reasons. Firstly, because the movie was over, secondly because I knew I was going to have to wait months before I could purchase "The Notebook" for myself. I have seen the movie twice already and I have told all my friends and family they must watch it. My boyfriend said it was the best romantic drama he has ever seen! I am a rather critical person, but Ryan Gosling and Rachel McAdams' acting was astounding (I truly believed Gosling's eyes).This is definitely my favourite movie; every time I hear the word `notebook', my heart skips a beat and I am forced to smile. "The Notebook" changed my perspective, and what I have taken away from this movie is priceless. It is more than worth it to scrounge up $7.50 so you too can watch the phenomenal acting, rich storyline and breathtaking scenes.
this was a wonderful movie. it made you cry and made you laugh. it is one of the most beautiful love stories i have ever heard.if you haven't seen this movie you should, or at lest rent it when it comes out.i know as soon as it comes out on sell, i'll most definetly get it. if your in love with someone at this moment it will definetly make you want to hold them in your arms and never ever let go. and if your not in love it makes you wish you were. so go watch this movie, it will be one to remember forever.
James Garner's performance was so moving - I'll go again and this time bring a box of tissues.
ok for one RYAN GOSLING is such a GOOD actor ive loved him forever, RACHEL McADAMS is so0o good in the movie!! Everyone has to see this movie its the best love story EVER! Ive seen it TWICE and i cry everytime!People you may not be into the love story kinda type but this love story is worth seeing !! i cant wait for it to come out of video im going to be the FIRST to buy it !! I think it was cute when he took her out to dance in the middle of the street! HES SO0O HOTT I LOVE HIM!!!
i loved the movie...I RECOMMEND IT TO ALL...
A must see.  Should have won every Oscar available.  Beautiful, endearing Stupendous!!!!!!
I bought this film on DVD because I am a fan of Nicholas Sparks, although his novels, while interesting stories on different aspects of falling in love, still leave a lot to be desired, I was hoping that the movie would be better than the book...but its just as cheesy, with even more filler to complete the short novel.  I bought this dvd, excited about the special features and especially to hear Nicholas Sparks' commentary track, as I'm interested in what he thinks of this film.  The short special feature about him and his first novel was interesting, but too short, and he comes off looking like a cornball.  He should be embarrassed.<br /><br />Someone in a review below said that the movie was more detailed than the novel and that the novel was "disappointing"...well, considering that the novel was published in 1996 and took this long to get to the screen...they had to fill out the story to make an appropriate film, otherwise it would have been an hour long, but maybe that isn't a bad idea.  There wasn't much for me to like about this film, and I doubt most guys would enjoy watching this film.  There are better love story films out there, but this doesn't come close.  However, this one is marginally better than "Message In A Bottle" (adapted from Nicholas Sparks' second novel), but comes no where near the impressive "A Walk To Remember" (adaptation of Nicholas Sparks' third novel).  If there are any more adaptations running around in Hollywood, I'd like to see "The Rescue" made into a movie, as that is my favorite Nicholas Sparks novel so far, but "The Wedding" (a "sequel of sorts" to "The Notebook") might be a wise choice.<br /><br />In the short special feature on Nicholas Sparks, he claims not to be a "Hollywood type of guy", yet I don't see dvds that feature commentary tracks by Michael Cricton or John Grisham on adaptations of their novels.  That's a smart idea though and I'm glad that he does that for his film adaptations.  Its interesting to hear what a writer thinks of the film version to his novel creations.  That alone is worth the price of the dvd.
Im a guy and when I saw this I was amazed Im not into flicks like dis really but after seeing this I said wow, I loved this film, very impressive, tearjerker at the end for me.<br /><br />Overall: 5/5.......Brilliant
"The Notebook" wasn't what I thought it would be like. For so long I have heard that it was the best most wonderful (chick flick) ever made. I haven't seen it merely because, I wasn't too interested. I finally watched it. It was good and it did make me cry. (Of course I cry during every movie.) And it reminded me a little bit like "Random Harvest" (I think "Random Harvest" is way better though).<br /><br />The thing that got me is that they are too physical. I mean in almost every scene they are making out or doing something rated "PG-13". I dunno I found that extremely stupid and wondered if their screenwriters just didn't want to make up any dialogue so just made them make-out. I mean in older movies they didn't eat each others' faces and yet "Casablanca" is the most romantic movie of all time (atleast said by AFI). Maybe because in the older movies they are adults and in this movie they are more like teenagers.<br /><br />I also though the story line was just not that believable. Sure a summer of love can be remembered for a life time but, really can it last for a whole lifetime, especially after you haven't seen that person in 7 years? And I think the ending was wrapped up too short. She came back all of a sudden. I was expecting her to atleast get down the aisle with that other guy and then realize you know she loved Noah. Oh and yeah what about the whole mom thing and her love affair? That was so predictable. Maybe I'm just being a little cynical. I liked the current time scenes much better than the flash back scenes.<br /><br />Wow, I'm being much more harsh on this film than I thought. The current time scenes I guess redeemed the other parts. It's touching that Noah stays with her while she has dementia. Also their one scene when she suddenly remembers and begins to dance with him was so touching and moved me to tears. (James Garner still has got it!!! But of course! He worked with Audrey Hepburn and Doris Day!) I think that James Garner is truly the star of the movie and without him or Gena Rowlands it wouldn't have made it.
Nowadays, due to the fast paced modern life that we are in. It is very rare that movies with such haunting yet sweet perfection ever made the big screen. The characters show such depth of understanding when it comes to the bittersweet taste of falling in love, loosing the person you love and finding each other again that you can't help but cry and cheer with them. The story line is so beautiful and unforgettable. The Notebook has the best scenic backgound I've ever seen in awhile. It also makes you believed that love can create Miracles.....<br /><br />For people who loved this movie. I would recommend " The Love Letter" from Hall Mark Collection and " The Promise" starring Stephen Collins and Katherine Hickland ( this came out around early 80's based on Danielle Steele novel with the same title.
If I could have found something different in the video store I would never have rented this movie.  I'm not a big fan of the scmaltzy romance and I really have a dislike for the novels Nicholas Sparks.  This movie, however, really surprised me.  At its hearts, The Notebook is a story of everlasting love and what we give up in order to embrace that love.  From the very beginning you're attached to the characters of Noah and Allie; their love for each other, their separation during the war, and the class bigotry that tried to keep them apart.  Overall, the cast is perfect.  Ryan Gosling and Rachel McAdams have perfect chemistry as the young Noah and Allie; while James Garner and Gena Rowlands are wonderful as their older versions.  Having seen many of John Cassavetes movies I find it interesting that his son would choose such a romance, but Nick Cassavetes really pulls it off without turning it into the saccharine sweet mess it has the potential to be.  Don't get me wrong, there are definitely some moments in this film, but overall it's just a nice, sweet romance.  Heck, even I found myself a little emotional near the end.
"The Notebook" is a film about feeling, about loving in totality, a point that is emphasized from the film's outset.  James Garner in narration explains to the audience at the film's beginning that he is an unremarkable person whose passing will not cause any stirs, but yet he is proud of his life because he loved as genuinely and thoroughly as it is possible for one man to commit himself to another person.<br /><br />Garner then resides at a convalescent home.  He is bound and determined to make the life of Gena Rowlands as pleasant as possible, a dementia patient to whom he reads from a notebook containing a romantic story.<br /><br />The film takes place on two levels, the current one in which Garner and Rowlands are featured and that involving the subject matter concerning which he reads to her.  It is a potent love story set in a southern town beginning in 1940.  The lovers, played Ryan Gosling and Rachel McAdams, come from opposite social strata.  Gosling is a mill worker from the poor rural section of town while McAdams comes from wealth and is ultimately accepted to attend prestigious Sarah Lawrence Academy in New York.<br /><br />Eventually family pressure along with concern that he might be hurting McAdams prompts Gosling at one point to run away from the relationship.  McAdams believes he has ended it just prior to when she leaves home for college.  He actually sends her one letter a day for an entire year, but her mother suppresses them and ultimately, while working as a volunteer at a hospital during World War Two, she meets a young southerner from a prominent family who is recuperating from injuries and falls in love with her.  Eventually he proposes marriage and, just as she is ready for betrothal, Gosling reenters her life.  A choice must then be made between the comforts and expectations of marrying within her own class and following the passions she feels for Gosling.<br /><br />Nick Cassavettes, son of the late director John, directs with sensitivity while his mother, Gena Rowlands, delivers a sensitive performance, as does Garner.  As the film develops it becomes apparent that there is much more to the association of Garner and Rowlands than the desire to please her in her dementia period.  At the same time his heart is becoming weaker and he does not appear to have much longer to live.<br /><br />The two stories woven in Jeremy Levens's script, an adaptation from the novel by Nicholas Sparks, are ultimately joined by film's end.  The deep and abiding love displayed in the story culminates in a dramatic and meaningful way as two people who care deeply about each other refuse to be parted.
This movie was simply amazing. Although it was full of tearjerking cliches, it's just one of those addicting movies that you still think about days after. Although the whole plot was wonderful, I would have to say that the scenes in the beginning of the movie of the one summer was what I enjoyed most and could watch over and over. I would recommend this to anyone who enjoys a good old-fashioned tearjerker romance, which I must say is my favorite kind of movie. The rich girl/boy from the wrong side of the tracks love story never ceases to get old for me. The image of Ryan Gosling half naked doesn't hurt either.
I really loved the movie, "The Notebook" when I saw it in theatres and love it on dvd too.  It's a really beautiful film.  It's romantic and really heartwarming and well worth seeing.  It's a really well acted and well done story. It's one of those rare gem of a films that can become a classic and really meaningful. I'd give it a ten if I could.
I absolutoely loved this movie, but everyone needs to read the book. I love the book it is a longtime favorite, and the book it way better then the movie. I can't wait for the DVD release though.
Although I'm not going to give away any spoilers ... this is a love story like no others.  I think that everyone can relate on some level to this movie.  You will fall in love with this couple & become drawn in to their story.  I recommended this to my mother who after the movie called up crying her eyes out.  Even my husband enjoyed this movie.  If your looking for a movie that will make you laugh, cry & touch your heart ... this is a must-see.
This is one of the better movies I've seen in quite awhile.  It is a love story, but not your typical love story.  The love story is in fact framed inside the paradigm of a woman who is suffering from Alzheimers.<br /><br />The biggest selling point of the cast is Ms. Rachel McAdams.  I saw her in WEDDING CRASHERS and I've been anxious to see more of her work.  She is gorgeous AND she pulls of a fabulous performance in this movie.  I predict her as one of Hollywood's up & coming stars (at least I hope so!).<br /><br />For a guy whose father suffers from Alzheimers, this movie really hit home.  An interesting facet of the film is that it covers the period of when the characters are very young (their courtship) and the period of their Golden Years.<br /><br />This is a must-see movie, even for people who don't normally care for "mushy" movies.  In a single word, this story is unforgettable.
James Garner portrayed a wonderful, compassionate character. The storyline keeps you glued to the set; get a box of tissues!
Co-workers recommended this movie to me. But, no one warned me<br /><br />about the ending. And I'm not going to give the ending away in<br /><br />this review.<br /><br />My husband and I have never cried over a movie the way we<br /><br />cried over this one.<br /><br />Anyone in love will be touched. Those married a long time<br /><br />will feel real heart ache.<br /><br />This is one of those movies one will never forget.<br /><br />One powerful story, and acting was superb!
I want to start off by saying that even as a guy, I loved this movie.  So yes, it is the ultimate sappy, tear-jerking, chick flick, but it's a really good one!<br /><br />The movie is a mixture of all the right elements : the scenery is utterly breathtaking, the story is beautiful and it's a great adaptation that remains faithful to the book, the casting and acting are near perfection (Ryan Gosling and Rachel McAdams work great on-screen, and McAdams is amazing!).<br />And I also loved the "feel" of the movie image-wise, at times I felt like I was watching a movie from 25 years ago because of the play with colors, etc...which gave it an original feel to it.<br /><br />The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because as beautiful a love story as it is, it wasn't as emotionally charged as I thought it would have been.  The kiss under the rain, for example, lacked the feel of longing and passion mixed together, if that makes any sense.  But then again, that's just me.<br />On this level, I enjoyed "A Walk To Remember" (also an adaptation from a Nicholas Sparks book) much more, I could relate to the characters a little more, which gave it that extra something.<br />There's also the fact that Alzheimer's disease isn't depicted realistically, even if it is put that way to show the power love has.<br /><br />Other than that, there's nothing remotely negative I could say. It's a beautiful, moving story about the power of love, that I'd definitely recommend (as well as the movie "A Walk To Remember").
As much as I enjoyed this movie for its terrific acting, beautiful cinematography, mature and sensitive writing and directing, the depiction of Alzheimer's as a now-you-see-it-now-you don't amnesia left me wondering whether anyone involved in this movie had any familiary with Alzheimer's at all.<br /><br />When Alzheimer's patients' memory has deteriorated to the point where they do not recognize their husband or children, they do not exude the perfectly groomed, impeccably dressed magazine-cover glamour that Gena Rowlands depicted.  Granted, Allie was not in a public ward but in what seemed to be a very expensive assisted living facility.  Nevertheless, Alzheimers is not a disease where you "die pretty."<br /><br />Having had a stepmother die from this disease, I would have preferred a movie that did not gloss over the true viciousness of Alzheimer's. It not only robs memory, it robs every vestige of dignity.
I've seen a lot of movies over the years and this is one of the very best.  Simply put, this is a beautifully told and very moving story that captures the essence of a lifetime of love and devotion.  Do not miss this film!<br /><br />The story begins and ends in a nursing home, but evolves through a series of flashbacks that occur when "Duke" (James Garner) reads a story from "The Notebook" to his companion (Gena Rowlands), who is suffering from dementia.  The flashbacks follow the story of Noah Calhoun (Ryan Gosling) and Allison Hamilton (Rachel McAdams), who meet at a carnival in Seabrook, South Carolina on June 6, 1940.  Noah is completely taken with Allie at first sight and doggedly pursues her until she gives in and goes out with him.  Over the summer the young people become very fond of each other, but Allie's parents (mostly her mother), who are well-to-do, have no desire for Allie to continue her relationship with Noah because he is a hometown boy who works in the lumberyard and has few prospects for ever becoming wealthy.  Thus, Mr. and Mrs. Hamilton (David Thornton, Joan Allen) break off the relationship by taking their daughter back to Charleston a few weeks early.  Although Noah writes a letter a day for the next year (365 in all), Mrs. Hamilton picks them off at the mailbox and Allie never sees them.  (For some strange reason, Allie never writes to Noah, maybe because he had hesitatingly broken off the relationship after witnessing the wrath of Allie's mother.)<br /><br />Noah, with the help of his father (Sam Shepard), who sells the family home while his son is away at war, acquires a local estate with lakefront property, but with a house built in the 18th century that needs extensive restoration.  Noah had made a promise to Allie that he would restore the house when he had taken her there to see the place.<br /><br />Meanwhile, Allie meets and falls in love with Lon Hammond Jr. (James Marsden) of Hammond Cotton, who she meets while doing voluntary nursing during the war.  They are about to be married when Allie happens to see a photograph of Noah in front of the restored house.  Memories then overwhelm her and she tells Lon that she must go back to Seabrook to wrap up a few things before the wedding.  Naturally, she shows up at Noah's house, where they reminisce, eat dinner in the room where promises were made 7 years before, and take a row boat ride out on the lake to visit the ducks and swans gathering there.  What follows is a wonderful scene where they get stuck in a downpour, discover that Noah's letters were purloined, and are swept up in the sweetness of earlier times.  During the few days that Allie remains at the house, there is a wonderful moment when Noah has gone out to buy breakfast and leaves Allie a note to follow arrows on the floor for a surprise, which turns out to be the only thing that Allie ever had time to do completely  on her own when she was young.  It is a precious moment when Allie walks into a room upstairs and discovers her surprise.<br /><br />Allie now has a very difficult decision to make, especially when Lon shows up in Seabrook.  The story of how the decision comes about and the relationship of the lovers to the nursing home occupants is the most moving part of the film.  This is a wonderful story that every viewer will certainly never forget.
Sometimes I am very disappointed with love stories because they tend to follow one type of formula or another.  This movie has wonderful twists and turns.  In brings out one's positive feelings in very moving way.<br /><br />The characters were believable and well done.  While there is plenty of love, it isn't necessarily the typical kind portrayed in this genre.  I can't imagine anyone would be disappointed who enjoys a good love story.<br /><br />Also, prepared to be surprised.  That's all I have to say.
I will admit that I am generally no fan of romantic movies - I hate sappy love stories.  I first watched "The Notebook" on HBO.  I was walking through my den and the movie was on.  I sat down just to see what it was about and got really involved in watching it.  The scene where Noah and Allie were standing by the pond in the pouring rain was on and I was pretty much hooked from there on out.  I later rented the DVD and watched the entire movie from beginning to end.  I have since watched it about 5 times over - it's just that good! It does have the classic overtones of rich girl meets poor boy, they fall in love - rich girl's parents (especially the mother) think the young man is not good enough for their socialite daughter. I can't really describe what makes this movie so good, but it is heartfelt and touching and will get you involved in watching it just to see how it ends.
Wonderful, wonderful movie.  Followed the book quite closely.  I wondered for awhile whether I'd be getting as emotional while viewing the movie as I did while reading the book since I already knew the story and found that I had tears streaming down my face for the last half an hour or so and couldn't talk for about 15 minutes afterwards.  The DVD extras were also nice with a piece on the director, Nick Cassavetes (son of John C and Gena Rowlands), a piece on the book's author Nicholas Sparks, and a piece on the selection of locations for the movie. If you loved the book, this movie is an absolute MUST see. If you haven't read the book, the movie is worthwhile for the wonderful performances of all four lead characters.  I am a particular fan of James Garner and he certainly doesn't disappoint here.
This movie is maudlin, clich&eacute;d, contrived, melodramatic, brazenly manipulative and smothered in syrup. And it works. It does so because at its core, it possesses a heart so large and a love so grand that no amount of theatricality can spoil it.<br /><br />I can sympathize with those who did not like this movie. Blunt and obvious filmmaking usually turns me off too. But I was able to enjoy it in spite of its faults because the story is heartfelt and sincere, and the acting is just magnificent. The young couple, played by Ryan Gosling and Rachel McAdams, have passion and chemistry, but it is the performances by James Garner and Gena Rowlands that anchor the story. When they are on screen, the theatrical contrivances, the blunt tearjerking and even the telegraphed plot developments recede into the background. What comes through is a touching fairy tale about two souls still madly in love after 50 years. Garner gives away this fairy tale at the very start by stating the obvious: he is just an ordinary guy who had the great good fortune to find the one true love of his life.<br /><br />Is this story realistic? Not even remotely. Is it heavy-handed? Absolutely. Is it preserved in saccharine? Definitely. But then, it's a fairy tale. It is not supposed to reflect real life, but rather, satisfy our deepest yearnings. It identifies those yearnings, gives us permission to have them, and then fulfills them for a brief but shining moment. It gives us love and hope in a world filled with more than enough hate and despair. It is escapism of the most generous kind.<br /><br />Works for me.
I just thought this movie was boring. I enjoyed the parts about the old couple but when it switched back to the young couple I just didn't find them appealing or believable. It is not a movie I would keep in my library or ever look at a second time.
The quality of the streaming was excellent, but the movie itself wasn't. While the story of the elderly man's love for his failing wife was touching, the story of how they got together wasn't. It relied too much on the worn out 'good girl gets bad guy' storyline,and has no real, believible romance in it; just an overeliance on steamy physical affection and sex scenes.<br />  I was very dissapointed.
Nice movie, buena pelicula, otimo filme, great film, linda historia. Nice1 movie1, buena1 pelicula1, otimo1 filme1, great1 film1, linda1 historia1
Awesome! I will always enjoy this love story and told in the perspective it was told in. Perfect! Watch this movie with the one you love.
Sorry to have to bring things down to reality, but the only reason I gave this two stars were for the main male leads being played by James Garner (one of my favorites) and the upcoming Ryan Gosling.<br /><br />The film may have "garnered" more stars if they hadn't blown the more-interesting subplot half way through the movie by introducing the children.  If they would have held that to almost the end, the impact of their relationship would had maximum romantic and emotional impact.  Instead, it became more of a case study of Alzheimer's disease.
I think this movie is a better than the book and that rarely happens. Only a few minor problems, James Garner isn't nearly as old as Noah is in the book. The ending is different and I don't like it, but I didn't like the book ending either, so it really didn't matter. I love Ryan Gosling in pretty much anything, and Rachel McAdams holds her own. The movie is very sweet. Yes, there is infedelity, which isn't the right thing for anyone to do, no excuses, but it does happen in real life, and so it happened here. The only thing I didn't like was the online streaming from Amazon. The movie stopped every 30 seconds and was very difficult to watch like that. I watch streaming movies and TV all the time on other sites, this was my first time on Amazon. I didn't like it. Probably won't use the service again.
Everytime I watch "The Notebook" I realize something new.  This movie has got to be one of the best love movies that just show how powerful and sincere a man's love can be for a confused women.
Great movie, my wife loves it and wanted it on Blu-Ray so it was her Sweetest Day present this year :-)
Great movie.  Excelent casting, very good script and story.  Some things same simples however hide deep feelings.<br />  A story about the truly love of a human been.  A film for keep in your memory for long time.
I'm not going to talk more over here about the quality of the sound an image. Let's say it's over the average.<br />The scenario is great, the actors are very good. This is a very great story of love and I think actually, we really need this kind of movie.<br />I'm recommending it for all who have fed up with violence, computer graphic movie, plastic monster and stupid scenario.
I was very impressed at how quickly I received the movie I had ordered and in brand new condition as stated by the dealer. I would not hesitate to buy again from this dealer...
The movie arrived in a timely fashion and was in excellent condition.  I would definitely order again from this vendor in the future.
I love the movie but not with the service from the company,it took almost 3 weeks to arrive I have never had to wait that long....
I have no idea what the movie is about nor do I care it was a gift and it was delivered to me in timely fashion. The end. Gave it great ratings because based on my need only delivery mattered.
THe movie is different from the movie, but stays true to the story and theme, everlasting love still exists even though there are people who struggles with divorce.
This movie is very hopeless romantic, predictable. All in all, i found the movie to be BORING! Why? Just because it's so silly, and the story line wasn't all that great. I could fall asleep throughout the whole movie. I personally thought A walk to Remember was 10x better!
I have heard about this movie from a few people who i think have just jumped on the "WOW WHAT A GREAT MOVIE" bandwagon, so when i ordered it, i was expecting this profoundly, emotional, romantic drama. Well, it was profound in its own subtle way, a little slow at times, but in the end a touching love story that leaves you sighing w/ a tear and wondering if it will ever be like it is in the movies for you!
A great movie. Very well done, but could follow the story line more instead of going back and forth in time.
This is how love should be between to people who are really into each other not just a passing frenzy.  Nick Cassavetes captured the essence of what we want and how that love should be between two people. He did a wonderful job! Brilliant! And just amazing the detail captured in how couples in love interact together.<br /><br />About 4 months ago a friend suggested that I see this story only telling me that it is the ultimate love story ever.  She lent it to me to take home and view.  Four months later I purchased "The Notebook" to add to my collection of DVD's.  At sometime in our lives we all have known someone who actually lived like the characters in "The Notebook" it is too bad that is a dying breed.  Thank you for the memories of how love should be. This is and always will be a "Marvelous Story" for generations to come. Bravo! I can not say enough good things about how this love story is told.
A movie made by a small company-well acted, I was especially<br /><br />impressed by Ryan Gosling as Noah..The whole thing sat very well with me--I'm glad I bought the DVD..However, I DO NOY LIKE THE LETTER BOX FORMAT!
First things first, this was a million times better than the book.  This story is a much better visual story than the amateur writing of Nicholas Sparks.  Better than Message In A Bottle but not as good as Walk To Remember (these were all Sparks' adaptations), this novel has many pros and many cons.  The pros is that it had two great and believable actors with Ryan Gosling and Rachel McAdams (I heard that Justin Timberlake turned down the part to play Noah!).  They do a good job throughout as they battle cliches and syrupy situations.  I thought it was a bit predictable with James Garner and Gena Rowlands' characters (please note that I only read about 75 pages of the book before I could take no more so I did NOT know what was going to happen because of the book!).  All in all, it was an okay film, maybe a great film if you like these syrupy, slightly cheesy chick-flicks.
Beautiful in every way! What a touching movie, even my husband shed a tear.
However, this was remarkable as well. I'm not a fan whatsoever of "chick flicks", but I have to admit I was a sucker for this one.
Set in the 1940s-1950s, this is a wonderful nostalgic film set in the Southern states of the US and that captures that time well from the experience of both upper and working classes.  Ryan Gosling and Rachel Mc Adams are gorgeous in this and if you love romance, this film has TENSION, great tension and an almost 'epic' feel to it.  Whilst the romance genre here may be formulaic, Gosling and Mc Adams completely distract us from any sense of predictability and formula.  Gosling perhaps in particular, has a power similar to Natalie Press in My Summer Of Love to be so in his own world in his style of acting that you almost are in the room, as if you know this guy.  If you hate romantic comedies and think romance is not your thing, this film may actually change that view.  Gosling isn't soppy and is tangible as a 'real guy' making this film avoid the pile of 'womens movies'.  I know men who hate romance films who've watched it and loved it.
The Notebook is AWESOME!!! However if you read the book first I've heard it's not as good....I watched the movie first....And I LOVE IT!!!!
The Notebook is set in an old Southern rest home for the elerly, the film follows four individuals through their respective life journeys. An older man (James Jarner) has volunteered his time to read to an infirm elderly woman (Gena Rowlands). The story he chooses to read her tells about the love of a young couple (Reachel Mcadams and Ryan GOsling) seperated first by social status and later on by war.<p>As the film progresses the couple (Rachel Mcadams and Ryan Gosling) form this amazing emotional depth to the story that simply makes you fall in love wiht the movie. This story definetely opened the tear ducts. My favorite part of the movie ws the ending which really struck me and this movie will probablly stay with me for the rest of my life.  <p>This is a mature story about enduring love, sacrifice commitment and appriciation of you life partner. I think this movie presnted a good message in every day life which is the power of believing and those who really love and believe nuthing can be impossible.
I loved The Notebook!!!  It was funny, romantic and just all around wonderful.<br /><br />I definetly recommend this movie for people who love romance films.  I have seen several guys cry watching The Notebook.  That says something right there.  This movie is a perfect date movie!<br /><br />Candice B.<br />[...]<br /><br />
I've never really had a favorite movie until now. I try not to cry, but you just can't help it. I can watch this movie over and over again.
I don't think this review will be very helpful to anyone, but here goes.<br /><br />If you happen to be a fan of the type of movie that makes you cry, you know the romance movie your boyfriend/husband hates watching, well this movie is for you. I generally do not watch a movie and then feel the need to buy the book it was based on, but after watching the Notebook I bought the novel, and the follow up, The Wedding.<br /><br />So if you love a good love story and a good cry then this movie is for you.
Two stories intertwine in this romantic drama: a retired salesman,visits a elderly lady in a nursing home,whom suffer from Dementia, which relates to memory loss. And he reads her a story about young lovers and their struggle to be together.<br /><br />This movie is breath taking, Film director's writer's etc.need to come up with, more plots like this one here! I watch this movie back to back. I told my male associate that this a must see movie. And he Agreed.
i cried the whole time...it makes me think of exactly what i am living with my boyfriend. we are exactly like them...the ending is so touching and heartwarming, let me tell you guys, love like that does exist!!!!!
I watched this movie 100xs by myself with family and friends and i have cried each time its not a depressing movie, if you are or not in love that is what people need or want in thier relationship that endless romantic love,racheal mcadams and ryan gosling make this movie so real with thier chemistry between each other, rachel(allie) is so beautiful and ryan(noah) is so so sexy ,also not to forget gena rowland and james garner  are also one of my favorite actresses and actors as well both spectacular. i keep trying to picture other actors and actresses playing these parts and i can honestly say there would be NO OTHERS i would have like to have seen. I thinkg the director and producer did a wounderful job picking the right people to play these parts  th characters of the notebook is just so... beautiful from the begining of this movie to the end is just so beautiful, IF U HAVENT SEEN THIS MOVIE PLEASE GO BUY IT. .. THIS MOVIE WILL BE AND IS A CLASSIC.
A beautiful story I really enjoyed it.  I can't wait to read the book.
I've seen this movie over and over...and, I never like to see movies more than once!!!  I cry each time, because it is so touching.  This is the way love should be!!!  I love it.
just watched this movie Over week-end...GOD,Touched my heart and body & soul..Loved this movie with passion,Really Touched my heart,If u really wanna see a good,great,Love story movie to put u back to first love and passion and curshes u had, DONT MISS THIS MOVIE!!!<br /><br />wish i could gives 10 stars,great casting,attractive actor and actors,scrip and views of this picture,breath taking. A++
The Notebook is a wonderful romantic film and I was quite moved by the story, especially the chemistry between the stars who played the lead parts(Ryan Gosling and Rachel McAdams as the young lovers, and the old-aged couple played by Gena Rowland and James Garner). The story is not very oringinal, but it worked perfectly as a love story that was emotionally impacting.<br />James Garner visits Gena Rowland at a hospital on a daily basis and read to her the love story between a poor boy(Ryan Gosling) and a rich girl( Rachel McAdams). She's always fascinated by the story and thought she knew the characters, but had no idea why it was so familiar to her. She ultimately forgets everything at the end of each session, and Garner would repete the story to her hoping that she might regain her memory forever, and not treat him like a stranger every time they meet.<br />The story is about Gosling and McAdams fell in love under unworkable surcumstance, dued to their different background and disapproval from the girl's family, especially her mother(Joan Allen, who also had a relationship with a poor guy many years ago, but did not have the courage to ran away with him.) They were separated and didn't see each other for 7 years. Gosling wrote her a letter each day for one year, and the mother kept all the letters from her. He build a house, hoping that one day she would come back to him. Just when she was about to get married to a rich guy, she saw a picture of Gosling in the newspaper. She was so surprised that he had build the house that he once promised her, but she thought he had died in the war...<br />They were reunited and she wanted to leave her fiance and get back with Gosling, even if she had to rebel against her family....<br />Joan Allen has limited screen time, but she has one great scene where she drove her daughter to the construction sight to show her the man she loved many years ago, but didn't run away with. In this scene she was so intense that she broke down into tears, and her daughter saw a different side of her for the first time.<br />Rachel McAdams had not done anything great before this movie. She was in cheesy teen comedies like The Hot Chick and Mean Girls. It's a great role to showcase her dramatic range in this movie. She's very beautiful in the 50's wardrobe, very similar to Charlize Theron in The Cider House Rules.<br />Ryan Gosling is trully wonderful and adorable playing a down-to-earth and faithful country boy. He's performance in The Beliver was reminiscent of Edward Norton in American History X. In this movie, he gets to be a romantic lead, which allows him to shed his bad guy image from Murder By Numbers(Sandra Bullock).<br />James Garner is subtle and moving. He managed to have his moment of emotional explosion when Gena Rowland forgot about him the minute she loses her memory. That was a climatic tearjerking moment of this movie.<br />Gena Rowlad should get nominated for best supporting actress, because she slowly and gradually penetrates emotionally, and commands a great deal of sympathy for her character. Maybe it was under the direction of her son(Nick Cassavetes) that she ultimately gave the best performance in this movie.
This Movie is an amazing, epic love story about two people who fall in love when they are young, but they are broken up because the girl's parents don't think that the man she is in love with is good enough for her. When they break up, the girl moves away and they both move on eventually. Then when they meet back up again as adults their love and pasion for one another is rekindled. But there's a twist. One of them has moved on and must now choose between her first love and a man her parents approve of.
I have seen this movie twice now in the theaters. I absolutely fell in love with it. The story, and the characters, are heart warming.Keep tissues on hand, because it is quite a tear jerker. Please see this movie! It changed me emotionally.
It has been a long time since a movie like this has grabbed me and wouldn't let go. I couldn't get this movie out of my head when I saw it in the theater. If you are into romantic dramas, this movie will not dissapoint. The two young leads are simply magic in this movie. Two rising stars who are going to go far in the business of acting is Ryan Gosling and Rachel McAdams. I have never seen two people work so well on screen as a couple together. The casting director really knew what he was doing. You see the look of love and adoration on Ryan Gosling's face when he's looking at Rachel McAdams' character in this movie. You feel the chemistry between these two. For me, it was the strongest element of the film. Of course, James Garner and Gena Rowlands are wonderful and believable as the older version of the young couple. Gena Rowlands has a tough job with this role and she did a great job keeping you interested and drawn in to the circumstance of her character. James Garner is equally wonderful and his skill is unmatched. This was a fantastic and talented cast. It's one of those films that will have you in tears by the time it's over.<br /><br />The story starts with an older woman looking out of a second story window of what we quickly realize is a nursing home. A man who calls himself "Duke" comes to read to her. She doesn't seem to know who this man is, but he seems harmless enough. They sit down in a nearby sunroom of the nursing home and he picks up where he left off in the notebook. Flashbacks then take our story to where it truly begins. There we meet Allie and Noah, two teenagers who at this point in the film are just about to meet in the summer of 1940. Noah sees Allie at a carnival and begins to persue her. She's from a wealthy family, he didn't have two dimes to rub together. It is an improbable romance but one that, as we come to know later in the story, endures. This is a beautiful film that will no doubt become a classic.<br /><br />The DVD version of the film is very well done. It has 12 deleted/alternate scenes with optional commentary that lets the audience learn more about what didn't make it into the film and what the director would have liked to keep but couldn't. It also has interviews with cast and crew, and even includes a featurette about Nicholas Sparks and the novel from which this film was born. But that's just a few of the extra features you will find on this DVD. I HIGHLY reccomend this!
Oh my josh, this movie is amazing!  It has got to be the best romance movie I have ever seen.  I want to see it again and again, I will definately be buying this on DVD.
I loved this movie and thank you Nicholas sparks  for  continuing to  write  such  wondrous books  for us  to  read and  i beleive the cast was perfect  and james garner and gena rowlands were outstanding and so  was the  rest of the  cast.. u felt  as though u  were  right  there falling in love too and  going  thru  the heartbreak when she  didnt  remember..  thanks  once again..  for  this  wondrous  story of  love..  sherry in louisiana
I knew before I saw the movie under which category it should be shelved under at Blockbuster, a quality guilty-pleasure chick flick.  Now usually I hate when people use "chick" as an adjective when describing anything but this movie is a movie that all girls/women should go see with their girlfriends.  Needless to say it's a sweeping love story, with decent actors.  The exception this time is that the actors, especially the two actresses playing Allie (young Rachel McAdams and sophisticated Gena Rowlands) are splendid.  Gena Rowlands perfectly captures the feeling of being lost (her character has Alzheimer's disease) by merely using her eyes.  And Rachel McAdams shows that she has a long career ahead of her in this film.<p>Overall, the movie achieves the correct pitch and tone that that kept many of the book's original readers captivated in the first place.  But I still thought the book was slightly better.
I recently read The Notebook by Nicholas Sparks and was so excited that it was a movie. Within the first 5 minutes I could see where it was going and it was very disappointing. The movie failed to capture the sweetness, tenderness and joy of Noah and Allie's relationship. It also failed to portray their characters as they were in the book. The book was so beautiful and moving that had the director chosen to stay true to the story, it could have been magical on the screen as well. I thought the scenes with Noah hanging from the ferris wheel and Allie undoing his pants as well as laying in the street risking being runned over by a car were ridiculous, immature and typical Hollywood. They were so out of character as well as the fighting scenes. Noah was a gentle soul and would never raise his voice and you would never hear the Allie of Spark's book using that kind of language. He also never broke up with her in the book, no matter how hopeless it seemed. He lived for her all the years they were apart (14). There were so many inconsistencies with the book. I really cannot recommend this movie. Leave it to Hollywood to take something perfect and ruin it.
OMG. I'm 35, redneck, in the South. I've seen plenty of movies, from Gone With The Wind to The Prince Of Tides.<br /><br />But I've never seen a tearjerker like thisz one.<br /><br /> She's a 1940's Southern Belle from a very  well-to-do family, with the world at her feet. He's working class, a WWII vet, from the wrong side of the tracks.<br /><br />Together, they paint one of the most touching love stories I've ever seen.
This is one great love story.  It is about two different people from different social statuses that fall in love.  They spend one magical summer together, and never see each other again until a long time later.  The story is very good, and is a great movie to see with a girl.  I am male and I know of many guys that liked this movie a lot and I would recommend this movie to anyone looking for a good love story.
This is another movie I would rate 3 1/2 stars if it were an option. I enjoyed the movie and would recommend it, particularly the parts where James Garner and Gena Rowlands portray the older Noah and Allie. I was extremely moved by their performance of a couple facing the end of thier lifelong romance. He as devoted to her as ever. The earlier years of them falling in love didn't really gel for me though, I think in part because the story involved just about every love story cliche that could be employed. Too overblown and contrived feeling for me and I don't regard myself as cynical and I have been fortunate enough in life to find my own Noah. Also, I did have a little bit of a hard time with the ending although I understand we as the audience are expected to make a leap of faith in believing they could will this to happen through the strength of their love, as per the conversation they have just before falling asleep.
I knew this movie would be good as soon as I read the synopsis for it. The acting is flawless, the story is very moving, I'd recommend this movie for anyone who wants to see a phenominal love story. There aren't very many movies of this magnitude made nowadays. If this picture doesn't get best original screenplay and best actor James Garner, then I'll have lost faith in the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences. I don't care what movies you are mainly into, you have to rent or buy this when it comes out. It truly is a beautiful film.
This is my wifes favorite movie.  I think it sucks!  This movie is one of the only things that shuts her up, I guess its not all that bad.
This movie is wonderful.I love it.It is my favorite movie.It will make you laugh,it will make you cry.It is just the best.
I hated this movie!!!  The only thing I actually enjoyed was the nap I was able to get through most of it.  So why the 5 stars?  Because this movie was not made for me and the people who this movie was made for (my wife, my mother-in-law, my mother, anybody who loves a good love story) loved this movie.  This movie seems to be the ultimate chick flick so if you are into chick flicks then you HAVE to rush out and pick this up.<br /><br />If you hate chick flicks with a passion, avoid this movie at all costs.  Unless you need a good nap.
This is the best love story you will ever watch.  I rented it first and watched it and had to have it in my library so that I could see it over and over again.
I watched this movie because I had heard it's depressive and has a sad ending. I think the movie had okay acting and an even more average starcast. I somehow don't think the actor(Young Ryan) fitted the role of the young man too well. Well yes he had his own character flaws which adds to making him more real but there were a few loopholes here and there. I would think this is a good story with average actors and an uneffective screenplay. I'm not gonna bother with the details but besdies the title of the movie (The Notebook of course) there isn't much that leaves a heart bend. I'm a sucker for emotions and liek movies with great emotional turmoils.<br /><br />The Notebook is a good film if you watch it with your family. You will enjoy it but I'm sorry I watch too many movies in a year to actually swallow one with such a simple base. Please note that during the first hour of the movie I was completely involved. I must say there were very beautiful locations and the camerawork is nothing less than phenomenal. The story could have had more characters but then it's being read out of a book.<br /><br />An underlying motive behind this film is to present the value of time. Time doesn't wait for anyone. Those of us go to heaven, don't wish to die to get there. Similarly, death is the destination we all share.The last scene was well shot and they could have done without the elusive family visit where Rachel meets her forgotten family. It was sad to see an old man cry when Rachel feels to recall who Mr. Hamilton really is.<br /><br />Overall rating - 7/10
Tender, thoughtful, romantic. All the way around a quality movie. Cinematography was great, acting was great. Ryan Gosling as Noah did a superb job. This movie gives you hope that there is real, lasting love out there.
"The Notebook" is a delightfully romantic journey. It tugs at the heartstrings leaving you riding a high. This is one of the best movies I've seen in a long time. Be sure to see it with your romantic partner...It will open your heart to romance with each other too!
Excellent movie  - can be bought at WalMart - new DVD for $15.50 The price here is too high  no movie is worth that much
After reading Nicholas Sparks Notebook. I looked forward to this movie with much anticipation. I was glad to say I wasn't disappointed. I enjoyed the film very much. The story of Noah and Allie are played to perfection by Ryan Gosling and Rachael McAdams. Also the older Noah and Allie played by James Garner and Gena Rowlands. The DVD features are a real bonus with commentary by Nicholas Sparks and Casssavetes also Rachael McAdams and Ryan Gosling Screen test are worth checking out.
I watched The Notebook before I read the book, and I was amazed at how closely they followed the book. There were some places where they changed a thing or two, but for the most part they followed the text. Ryan Gosling is great as a young Noah Calhoun, and Rachel McAdams does an excellect job of portraying Allie Hamiltion. It was worth watching, and it is worth watching over and over again. Nick Cassavetes did an amazing job. Nick Sparks wrote such a moving love story, and I love all of his books. All of you, keep up the good work.
LOVED this movie. it really got to both of us. U definitely need<br /><br />to have kleenex handy. james garner most definitely should get an OSCAR for his performance in this movie.
Director Nick Cassavetes' "The Notebook" is a sweet and tender love story that is sure to break your heart.  I dare you to watch this film's moving, albeit clich&eacute;d, finale with dry eyes.  I wasn't expecting much from this film, but was indeed pleasantly surprised by its charm and emotional pull.  However, in order to enjoy this film, you have to be willing to accept a certain about of sugariness, melodrama, and predictability.  <p>Rachel McAdams, as I'm sure you've already heard, is an absolute doll.  She has that unique onscreen presence that brings a ray of light to the screen makes her a true star.  And that smile!  She IS the new Julia Roberts!  Ryan Gosling is perfect in his role and brings the perfect amount of angst and misery into his character.  Together, Gosling and McAdams have some nice chemistry; they are definitely believable as young lovers unlike some pairings in recent films.  They also realistically portray the breathless excitement of young love and the aching misery of broken hearts.  James Garner and Gena Rowlands provide the audience with the pretty much all of the emotional moments of the film.  These actors are so heartbreaking and powerful in their roles that they even had grown men in the theater crying!  Sam Shepard, Joan Allen, and James Marsden all provide strong supporting performances to a film that's overall success is greatly raised by its acting.<p>"The Notebook" is not a 4 or 5 star film in my book mainly because it is so generic and clich&eacute;d, but gets a solid 3 out of 5 stars for its heart, soul, and solid acting.
Here we have a beautiful story about love at its most enduring and indomitable, with some truly wonderful performances, especially the young leads.  The storytelling forces its hand unnecessarily in a couple of minor instances, but detailing the specifics would spoil the plot for those who haven't seen it.  It is enough to say that in these instances the dialogue underlines, twice, what has already become clear.  (We viewers catch on pretty quickly.)  I was also chilled as we saw her strike him violently more than once, an event presented merely as an aspect of young love - something a lot of viewers might not accept so easily.  These are minor carps in a moving, passionate, beautifully acted film.
I couldn't find this movie to rent at my local video store, and I couldn't buy it at any store I went to. Everywhere was sold-out.<br />It was with much anticipation that I ordered this movie.  I was desparate for a good cry and had been told by a plethora of friends and relatives that this was the movie to watch.  My sister even said that the devil probably wept when he saw this movie, as well.<br />I popped my popcorn, grabbed my best friend, and sat down with a box of tissues and watched...and watched....and watched.<br />Sweet movie, beautiful sets, pretty good acting skills....lots of great elements, but alas, no tears....<br />Disappointment ensued, then the self-concious idea that I might be heartless, then anger, then I decided to move on.<br />It's a perfectly lovely movie, but the story is, maybe, a little far-fetched. I'm sure stranger things have happened, and, frankly, there are some hot love scenes I wouldn't mind recreating.<br />And there you have it.  Still not sure what all the fuss is about.
That was the discription of this firsr & best selling novel by Nicholas Sparks. The movie is a timeless, old fashioned, love story that, with few alterations, could have taken place, anywhere, any time. The old, comfortable cliches are pulled out: love, love lost, war, love rediscovered. It's all in flashback. An elderly lady, played well, by Gena Rowlands, in the first stages of dementia, writes a story in a notebook. It is read to her by a devoted James Garner. The disease has ravaged her mind & now she only recognizes him in brief but very emotional moments.<br />  The young lovers are Noah & Allie played by Ryan Gosling & Rachel McAdams. They met shortly before World War II & their obvious on screen chemistry works. It's easy to believe they love each other & love to fight.<br />  No real villians in this movie, except maybe Allie's mother who suceeds in driving them apart. Allie is rich southern gentry & Noah is poor white trash. However, true love survives. Their love scenes together are dramatic but circumscribed to preserve the PG-13 rating & that's too bad.<br />  Time constraints & thet pesky PG-13 rating created a lot of deleted scenes & alternate takes. Many of these are shown & discussed on the dvd after the movie in a commentary by the director John Cassevettes. There are interviews of the principles, & a brief biography of the author, Mr. Sparks & more.<br />  The last scene in the movie is a tearjerker but it is a good ending.<br />  A movie to see late at night without interruptions with your love. Or even alone. A big ****.
I was a tiny bit skeptical to see this movie because I loved the book sssooo much, but when I reread the book before the movie came out, I thought that the book was poorly written with horrible, unrealistic dialoge, 1-dimensional characters, and an all-too-happy ending. But I saw the movie anyways, and I loved it. I consider myself somewhere between a cynical and a romantic, and I was swept off my feet by this movie. This is a movie that could have very easily been corny or too glossy-okay, it was a TINY bit glossy at some parts, but not enough to make me hate it-but a wonderful script who made the characters believable and loveable and star-making performances by Ryan Gossling and Rachel McAdams make this movie a real treat. Memo to Jeremy Leven, screenwriter:Thank you so much for adapting the novel well-I was so mad when A WALK TO REMEMBER came out and it was made like a teen popcorn movie instead of a sweet love story, and the only similarity between the movie and the book of MESSAGE IN A BOTTLE was the simple 1-sentence-plot-with only minor changes, and to create more well-developed characters and realistic dialoge, more drama, and a better-and sadder-ending to this sweet story.
This movie is easily forgotten. I suppose the hype is what really made me eat into this movie orginally- all my friends told me that I'd love it-since I'm a fan of chick flicks and sobby movies. I expected a lot from the movie based on the reviews from the newspapers and online but, was disappointed. This review certainly won't win me any popularity votes but, this movie will be easily forgotten and is possibley the worst movie of the year.<br /><br />The story is in some sort a cliche- an impossible love the girls rich(Allie) and has everything in life, while the boy(Noah) dosn't have a dime to rub together. Of course, the parents object despite the fact the kids are crazy about eachother. And of course when, they both can finally be together Allie is engaged to a rich Southern man her parents approve of. In the end of course Allie chose Noah over Lon and they live happily ever after.I found myself predicting everything in this movie and find it boring to watch. It's definately a movie I would NOT rent on girls night. While, it was cute to see Allie and Noah as an older couple it kind of ruined the whole mystery that was in the book. This movie might have kept my interest if I had been guessing or didn't know who Allie chose. And the soppish Titanic dying in bed ending also made the movie seem to sop driven instead of emotional when, it should have ended with Old Noah looking at the notebook with the words "Read this and I'll come back to you."<br /><br />Although some good performances emerge from the younger actors- both who I hope to see in more films. Rachel McAdams especially did a good job her face seemed to fit the period really well. The older actors seem sedated throughout this movie and both surprisly are out-shined by their young co-stars. Nick Cassavetes was the wrong choice for director of the love flick- he directed JohnQ also one of the worst movies I've ever seen. And it's no wonder his sensitive love debut failed.<br /><br />I suppose given the rating it has recieved on Amazon.com some people were bound to like this film but, personally even as a sob- and soppy love stories fan I found this movie tragically boring. All in all I recommend you look for another chick flick for girls night because, this one is easily forgotten.
Having heard over and over again how romantic and wonderful this film is, I finally bumped it up on my Netflix queue and decided to see it for myself.  From everything I read and heard from others, I figured it had a good shot at appealing to my inner hopeless romantic and went into my first viewing with an open mind and a hopeful heart.<br /><br />I was let down, big time.  There's nothing remarkable about this movie at all.  It's Hallmark movie of the week stuff from start to finish.  The only thing in it that escapes pure banality is the pure saccharine of the relationship between the older leads, played by Gena Rowlands and James Garner.  I admit, I got a lump in my throat watching them together, especially in their final scenes.  However, the story is extremely lopsided, because the younger version of these characters, played by Rachel McAdams and Ryan Gosling, have no chemistry at all.  If it weren't for the dedication of Rowlands and Garner, I never would have believed in this couple's so-called great love story at all.<br /><br />And really, what's so great about this story?  A poor boy lays eyes on a rich girl (how original) and pesters her to go out with him.  They dance in the middle of a street.  Suddenly they're in love???  Unfortunately, I couldn't buy it.  I expected more from a talented actor like Gosling, but he seems completely unable to make this mediocre material work.  Even Joan Allen can't manage to rise above this pablum.  Meanwhile, this movie is supposed to take place in the South, but not a single actor manages to speak with a convincing southern accent.  Some, like "Entourage's" Kevin Connolly, don't even bother to try.  There isn't a single scene he appears in where he sounds like anything other than the New Yorker that he is.<br /><br />The whole film is sloppy, poorly cast and useless -- aside from the compelling romance between the two elderly people, there is nothing here worth passing on, or recommending.  The extras are nothing special either, although seeing Rachel McAdams in a screen test makes you wonder how awful the other nine actresses who reportedly tried out must have been for her to win this role.  And hilariously, in the editor's commentary over the deleted scenes, he points it out when scenes were deleted in part due to bad acting.  He's more diplomatic that that, of course -- he'll say something like, "Not the strongest performance" -- but the meaning is obvious.  Let's face it: when even the editor thinks the acting stinks, there's a serious problem.  The casting director for this film ought to be fired.<br /><br />So -- one star for Rowlands and for Garner, and zero stars for the rest of this worthless mess.
I have to say I have never ever cried in a romance before "the Notebook" But i have to say that it is that best movie ever. It will have you crying.
Other than the scenes of the beautiful South Carolina low country, and James Garner's touching depiction of The Reader, this movie is pure sap. The South Carolina depicted is all so so pretty, and so so white - the Negro servant caricatures were offensive. <p>Young Allie was all surface and no substance - "oh, boo hoo!  Two attractive and intelligent men want me, but I don't paint anymore!"  Young Noah comes off a bit better, with his quiet mastery of facial expression. Sam Shepherd and Joan Allen play their parts well, but their talent was wasted on such one-dimensional characters.<p>However Your Mileage May Vary.  There was enough sobbing and sniffling going on around me, that obviously many people were touched by the movie.  I just wasn't one of them.  A little vinegar in this sugar would have been more than welcome.
it came befor I was told it would. It also plays very good. i will buy from you again and will soon. Thanks alot
Hi am sure the DVD would be fine but due to an oversite on my part I didn't realise it had to be played in a different region.<br />Can't be bothered to return it.<br />Regards<br />Daphne
DVD was loose inside the unopened DVD case.  Therefore, there were some scratches on DVD.
After years of hearing what a great film "The Notebook" is, I found myself in the inescapable position of actually having to watch it.  It is sappy and predictable, the sort of chick flick period romance that with Canadian TV production values might have turned up as a Lifetime movie of the week.  But director Nick Cassavetes eschews his father's quirky realist visual style for a more Robert Redford-like lyricism, creating a film that is at once both nostalgic and modern, if in an Eddie Bauer catalog sort of way.  The story concerns two star-crossed lovers in the 1940s, seemingly doomed to be apart because they come from different sides of the tracks.  It won't take long to figure out that the more interesting framing story -- that of an older couple in a rest home -- bears significant relationship to the youngsters, played with sometimes annoying verve by the always creepy Ryan Gosling (it's the tiny close-set eyes) and the always spunky Rachel McAdams (it's the tiny close-set teeth).  James Garner gives a bravura performance as Duke, the older man, and Gena Rowlands, Cassavetes' mother, proves once again that she is an undervalued American treasure.  Cliched as it is, "The Notebook" doesn't break much new ground, especially in the monocultural representation of the golden past, but it does offer enough genuinely weepy moments to guilt you into caring about what happens next.  Still, with its incessant Hollywood gloss, the film feels too manipulative to pull all of the heartstrings, and casting Joan Allen as a shrill socialite determined to be the prophylactic between these crazy kids threatens it with full-blown melodrama.
This is a great love story,unfortunately it had a very poor director and could have been so much more.She tells her fiance she loves him and wants to be with him less than 24 hrs after she just lost her virginity to Noah,than she goes back to live the rest of her life with Noah.Its great she ends up with Noah but whats with this director.
I do not know about any of the other reviewers, but, this movie had me sobbing. His relentless and unending love would make anyone want that kind of lifelong partner. I have not met anyone yet who has seen this movie and not been touched by it.
Very good and you will cry cry cry. James Garner was great.
i really ejoyed this movie when i watched it opening weekend.  i definitely cried most of the movie and i can't wait for it to come out on dvd.
This is the bestmovie i have ever seen. i LOVED the book! you will love it if you like romance, nicholas sparks books, or RYAN GOSLING. :) I definatly recomend it to anyone who loves romance movies or novels!
The Notebook is the best movie ever. It was so touching, and I loved it. A+++++
The Notebook is closer to good than okay, and that is more than I expected. Ryan Gosling and Rachel McAdams are great as two young kids who fall in love, break up, and fall back in love when they get older. The love story is predictable yet good, and James Garner and Gena Rowlands do very well as two patients in a nursing home. The film relies on the three hankie rule too much, and some characters seem rehashed from other films(Bitchy Mother, Poor Father, Sweet Fiance'), but despite that, the film still works.
If you want a chick flick this is it! It is wonderful! The movie will make you want to fall in love again, just don't bring your sweeties girls, he'll hate it! It's for us!
This movie was pretty good, but not as good as<br />it's hyped up to be. That acting was good, and<br />the story was decent. It's a good rainy day movie,<br /> just don't expect too much out of it.
It's awesome. It shows the real passionate love that two people can share. Two main characters were awesome, they played very good in expressing their feeling toward each other. The movie is pretty long but it's so intriguing that you don't even notice how time flies. The scenery is beautiful unlike in any other movie.
This is at the top of my list as one of my favortie love stories! Ryan Goseling and Rachel McAdams give a superb performance ! I would definetly recommend this.
It was a very sweet movie, but not the awesome love story I was told to expect.  Every romantic cliche (tempermental rich girl who was a red head! Poor, honest, hardworking boy, "He's not our kind, dear" "You don't know what love is, mother!!") is trotted out in this film.  It was well-acted and the scenery was beautiful but I was strangely unmoved.  It was so by-the-numbers that I had it all figured out less than 15 minutes into the movie.  Worth a rental, but definitely not a purchase.
THE NOTEBOOK begins in present day, as "Duke" (James Garner) spends his days reading to Allie (Gena Rowlands) - a woman who is confused, with a failing memory -  from a diary that was kept years ago - the summer before World War II, to be exact - which recaps the romance that the two shared as teenagers. The film then flashes back to the 1940's, when the romance first began. Noah Calhoun (Ryan Gosling) and Allie Hamilton (Rachel McAdams) met during their seventeenth year, while at a carnival. For Noah, it was love at first sight. However, with a little prodding, Allie has soon fallen head-over-heels in love with Noah - a fairly poor boy, working at a sawmill - and the two are swept up into a fairytale romance. That is, until Allie's upper-class parents intervene, insisting that Noah is the wrong boy for Allie, and sweeping her away from the small Southern town before the relationship goes any further. However, several years later, after Noah has returned from the war, and Allie is finished up with school, and engaged to Lon Hammond Jr. (James Marsden), that the two meet up with each other once again, and rekindle the romance that was ripped away from them all those years ago. Now, Allie is forced to make the hardest decision of her life: stay with the man who she believes is her soulmate, or marry the man that her parents approve of.<br /><br />I should have known from all of the hoopla that THE NOTEBOOK would be a fabulous movie, so it's a shame that it took me so long to see it. But now that I have, I have fallen hard for the film, and the romance that ensues throughout the course of the two hours. Ryan Gosling (THE ALL NEW MICKEY MOUSE CLUB and THE UNITED STATES OF LELAND) is irresistible in the role of Noah, and plays the part of the romantic guy perfectly. However, he possesses enough of a tough-guy exterior to appeal to males who are viewing this film; while Rachel McAdams (MEAN GIRLS and WEDDING CRASHERS) makes an adorable character, who carries so much energy into each scene in the film, and has so much spark that viewers can't help but smile; and James Marsden (DISTURBING BEHAVIOR and SUGAR AND SPICE) is quite convincing as a pompous, snooty character, whom you almost dislike on sight, simply because he is one of the things standing in the way of Noah and Allie's love. With fabulous roles played by Joan Allen (PLEASANTVILLE and THE MISTS OF AVALON), as Allie's disapproving upper-class mother who has a very surprising secret; and Kevin Connolly (ANGUS and THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES) as Noah's wild best friend, Fin; among many others. THE NOTEBOOK is one of the best love stories to be played out on the big-screen in years, and will capture the heart of any, and all, viewers.<br /><br />Erika Sorocco<br /><br />Freelance Reviewer<br /><br />Book Review Columnist for The Community Bugle Newspaper
I stayed clear of this because I was teased it was a chick flick.  I humbly admit I wish I'd seen it sooner.  As someone who has made humor a prominent trait in my marriage I appreciated Allie and Noah's fun together.  Noah wasn't a mushy guy but cool and caring.
Sometimes sappy, but a wonderful story all the same. Each actor gives a fine performance. If you haven't seen this movie yet, watch it with someone you love.
The Notebook, is a beautiful romance, set in South Carolina. The story is narrated by an elderly man, who is reading to an elderly woman with alzheimer's.<br /><br />To begin with the artistic filming is breath taking. Each shot is more beautiful then the last. Every shot seems like an artwork waiting to be painted. The smooth transitions, use of color schemes, and leit motif, all add an amazing sense of warmth and love.<br /><br />The story is nothing short of amazing. Though it does fall into some hackneyed moments, by the end of the film no eye is spared from tears. Tears of Joy.<br /><br />This film fills the emotions with warmth and joy and a feeling that can only be described as "floaty" I love this film.<br /><br />The acting excels beautifully. Rachel McAdams, who plays Allie the leading lady, breaks out of any shell of a stereotype Mean Girls tried to capture her in. She enraptures audiences in her feelings, charisma, and spontaneity.<br /><br />Ryan Gosling, who plays Noah, forces the audience to feel his heartbreak and love as it progresses through the movie.<br /><br />I give this movie an A++ and I pray that Hollywood begins to make more terrific pictures such as this.<br /><br />I also pray that I start meeting Men like Noah ( ha ha)
I was anxious to see "The Notebook" once I purchased my copy because my friends have raved about it, I finally seen it last night and am glad I did,  Behind every great love is a great story. Two teenagers from opposite sides of the tracks fall in love during one summer together, but are tragically forced apart. When they reunite 7 years later, their passionate romance is rekindled, forcing one of them to choose between true love and class order. This film was very touching. Ryan Gossling and Rachel McAddams are wonderful in this and give tour de force performances as the young lovers. They have a great chemistry together that electrifies the screen. Let us not forget James Garner and Gena Rowlands they are wonderfully as the older lovers. Sam Sherpard and Joan Allen also turn in wonderful performances in their roles on this film.<br /><br />Knowing that this story came from the story of Spark's wife's grandparents' love story, makes you realize that a lot of fiction comes from real experiences, and that true, enduring love is very real. The film's message was so deep & genuine that you can't help but feel as though you're a part of the story.<br /><br />The cinematography, the score, and the two leads are all mesmerizing in this very bittersweet love story that proves clich&eacute;s are only clich&eacute;s if the talents involved think of them so. When one looks at love in an innocent and heartfelt light, great movies are born. The Notebook is a great film.
The Notebook is a story in a story format that opens with Duke (James Garner) and his friend, (Gena Rowland) who are residents in a nursing home. Duke reads to the woman who demonstrates advanced senile dementia and his story serves to recollect and intrigue from her fuzzy memory. The story he reads of Noah (Ryan Gosling) and Allie (Rachael McAdams) is set in the pre-WWII rural south where he is a blue collar mill worker earning 41 cents an hour, and she is the lively daughter of wealthy parents who want her to make a good match. Noah and his father (Sam Shepard) are wealthy in other ways with their love of poetry which is integral to their relationship, while Allie is defined by the pressures for young women of patrician upbringing of the era.<br /><br />Gosling and McAdams as the young lovers are vibrant, endearing, and explosive on screen as first love blossoms to overtake the plans of Allie's parents for her education at Sarah Lawrence College. While Noah's father supports his choice, Allie's parents are not delighted with their daughter. It is a familiar story of poor boy loves rich girl, pampered girl wants to please her family, and her family wants the best for their child and will go to whatever gets the daughter married to the rich nice guy (James Marsden). Noah and Allie fight, love, and are fated to be separated by the classism of her parents, the war, and her willingness to go along with the expectations of southern society, or so the audience is lead to believe. Noah rebuilds his dream house, rows on the lake, and pines.<br /><br />Young lovers are contrasted by the devotion of Duke to the woman, and their relationship is the downside of the story as bodies and memories failing, the senior couple have their own problems -- his health and her inability to remember. Visited by grown children and grandchildren, Duke is revealed as Noah, and the woman is Allie. Although loving and supportive of their parents, the children want their father to leave the nursing facility and return to them because they recognize the hopelessness of their mother's inability to recollect her husband, her children and grandchildren, and their long marriage. But, Noah is committed to his sweetheart and stays by her side hoping for a miracle that will bring her memory back. So, he reads to her their story each day and waits for brief moments of lucidity to manifest.<br /><br />The film is a wonderful example of exquisite cinematography, storytelling, superior casting, and picturesque location that unites in a rare film of charm and sentiment without deteriorating into maudlin emotionalism. With disposable marriages the norm for contemporary society, The Notebook presents the fading notion of loyalty, devotion, and commitment for a lifetime. It is a gentle film with old fashion values and as characterized by Gosling and McAdams, Noah and Allie experience the joys and heartbreak that committed love creates till death do part.
I heard alot of good things about this movie, so I finally decided to check it out recently and I'm glad to say that I was pleasantly surprised.<br /><br />On the surface this film might seem like the stereotypical romantic love story, but once I dug deeper into the roots of this tragic tale I couldn't help but be tangled up by its honesty in portraying the horrors of senility and the many downsides of growing old.<br /><br />It starts off innocently enough with an old man portrayed by James Garner who's telling old stories from a notebook that he has written throughout his life to what the audience is led to believe is just an old friend of his, but we soon find out that their friendship is much deeper than that.<br /><br />With the eventual heartache that we learn of that these two have gone through, there is also much joy to experience between their unlikely romance of two people who come from very different backgrounds. His love interest, many years ago when they were still teenagers, comes from old money and a well to do family, while he's just a blue collar working man who comes from a lumberyard family with not much to his name other than his pride and good work ethic. They first meet through a random meeting brought forth through their mutual friends, and while it isn't exactly love at first sight, there is a mutual attraction despite the fact that the girl has a date that's taking her to the local carnivale. Through persistence however the young man who had his heart set on this gorgeous beauty eventually overcomes the reluctant yet curious fair maiden. What follows after their first encounter is a blossoming romance that spreads many seeds of both love and obsession.<br /><br />Their passionate romance is relatively shortlived due to the girl's parents and their disapproval of the young suitor, and at the end of the summer their ways part as she goes off to college and he goes off to World War II. They are reunited many years later, but their love never truly went away. New loves have entered their lives, but nothing can stand in the way of their true feelings.<br /><br />There are many moments of soulful expressions and a love that borders on obsession which in this case is pure. The lovers share a bond that cannot be broken by distance, time or temptation. If there was ever two people destined to be soulmates, it was these two. By far the most touching moments come later in life, as the movie flashes between the younger and older years. It was truly heartbreaking to watch the man suffer, seeing the one who his heart belongs to not being able to recognize him half the time, let alone embrace him with her undying love that they have shared so beautifully for so long.<br /><br />Senility and the dementia that's common with this disease is not a pretty sight, and this film makes no bones about it. It can without a doubt completely break a person down to the ground, emotionally and physically. Her condition is merciless, and her husband suffers as deeply as one can possibly imagine, which is made all too clear and real through the beautiful acting of James Garner and Gena Rowland. One cannot help but be moved by this deep and touching experience, and the ending cannot be described by words, one must see it to understand it. Sometimes there are certain scenes in films that can only be felt and subsequently understood, no words in the dictionary can truly explain the emotion expressed on screen. The actors who portray the young Noah and Allie are to be commended for their excellent performances as well, but their love doesn't really become fully realized until the very end. That's when the audience knows how strong and eternal it really is.<br /><br />For anyone who enjoys a good love story that's heartfelt and ageless, this movie's for you.
I believe that even men would enjoy this love story.  Rachel McAdams and Ryan Gosling have great on-screen chemistry.  Even though I have never read the book, this movie makes you believe that true love can stand the test of time.
For myself this was one of those movies that is one of the great treats of being a fan: a film that comes along every so often and has you thinking that it's probably going to be pretty good but goes and blows away all expectations to stand as one of the elite.  In its opening minutes I thought it was actually going to fall below my initial expectations, as it took a few minutes to start to warm up to the Noah character (I liked Allie right from the start) but as things got going it just captivated me.  A rich, at times rather harrowing, very moving and sexy love story that incorporates dashes of comedy and mystery as well as eternally memorable moments popping up throughout.  Exceptionally done in every regard, with special kudos for the acting, photography and the gorgeous lighting capturing things like the sunrise on the lake - all this and great characterization make this a romantic drama that actually sits up there with the likes of "Ghost", "Millennium Actress" and "Titanic".  If you dip only occasionally into the drama section make sure this is one of the movies you check out.
Not being a huge connoisseur of love stories, I went into this movie with a little trepidation.<br /><br />"The Notebook", simply put, is a great film. It's got fantastic performances by all the characters, especially the leads (Ryan Gosling & Rachel McAdams). It's beautifully shot, well directed, has an engaging story, and flows nicely. I don't want to give the whole story away, but if your in the mood for a movie to "move" you, try giving this little film a chance.<br /><br />If you've got a special someone, watch it together. If you don't, I would suggest watching it anyway. I had heard this movie was incredibly sad, but I found it to be just the opposite. The movie delivers a powerful message and definitely invokes the classic "love conquers all" theme.<br /><br />"The Notebook" is based on the book by Nicholas Sparks, and after seeing this movie and previously seeing "A Walk to Remember", it really makes me want to read one of his books.<br /><br />"The Notebook" is a meaningful and very positive film, and I was glad I gave it the chance it so richly deserves.
Nicholas Spark is one of the greatest authors of romance novels so it was no surprise Hollywood created a movie out of The Notebook, which in turn became one of the greatest romantic movies of all time.<br /><br />Ryan Gosling and Rachel McAdams had such an amazing chemistry on-screen, I went home and thought to myself that they really should be together off-screen as well.<br /><br />Rachel McAdams stars as Allie Hamilton, a wealthy young girl and Ryan Gosling stars as Noah Calhoun, a young boy struggling to save money to buy his dream house. The two met one summer and at first, Allie is reluctant to go out with Noah. But as Noah hangs from the Ferris Wheel with two hands threatening Allie if she doesn't agree, he'll let go, she screams at him, "I WANNA GO OUT WITH YOU!" As the movie progresses, Allie and Noah's love for each other begins to grow. But as the summer comes to an end so did their relationship, broken up by Allie's mother who sees Noah as "trash". Allie moves away to New York and Noah joins the army. Seven years pass by and Allie becomes engaged to a soldier. In the midst of her wedding planning, a picture of Noah standing in front of his dream house in the newspaper captures her eye. The house was restored the exact way Noah had promised her. As Allie's love for Noah jumps back alive, she rushes back to him before she gets married. When they finally meet after seven years apart, it's obvious that they both still love each other but the only problem was Allie was engaged. So she struggles to make the right decision, her first true love or her fianc&eacute;.<br /><br />I never watched a movie that tugged at my heart strings as much as this movie did. Forget Titanic, forget Romeo and Juliet, and forget every romantic movie you have ever seen and go out and buy yourself, The Notebook. The acting was so extraordinarily amazing Rachel McAdams and Ryan Gosling made the love connection between Allie and Noah felt so real. But what made the acting so great were the lines in the movie that will probably have you quoting it for the next year. For instance, the scene where Allie and Noah meet after seven years and Allie goes, "Why didn't you write me? Why? It wasn't over for me; I waited for you for seven years. But now it's too late." Noah replies, "I wrote you 365 letters. I wrote you everyday for a year." Then Allie dumbfounded replies, "You wrote me?" and he says, "Yes... it wasn't over, it still isn't over," and swoops her up in this great kissing scene.<br /><br />I believe every woman, girl, whoever should just watch this movie because I guarantee you by the end of the movie, you would be bawling your eyes out or would have at least shed a tear and who couldn't use a good crying? Most movies nowadays starts out great: great beginning, great plot but the ending just completely ruins the whole movie but The Notebook did not leave me disappointed in the slightest bit and after watching this movie, I truly believed Nicholas Spark is the greatest romantic novelist out there.
Wow...what can I say this movie is great ryan and rachel did an awesome job. I advise you to buy this as soon as you can
I just watched The Notebook. My date loved it (her third time to see it). I thought it was pretty good. Fairly predictable and a bit sappy. I had the ending guessed less than half way through.<br /><br />Not so terrible that I wish I had those two hours of my life back, but I don't think I'll be watching it a second time.
This is by far the very best movie I have ever seen!  It reminds me of my first love.  It is very real.  Everyone should see this movie.  It's rare that a film comes a long that can make this kind of impression.  It's not sappy (I'm not a fan of sappy) or corny.  It's just very real...and very worth the money.  I saw it in theaters and bought it the minute my local stores had it available for more than five minutes.  (It sold out as soon as it was put on the shelves.)  Buy it!
First of all I have to say I'm a fairly picky when it comes to romance dramas. There is nothing wrong with this film. It even adds something new to a typical romance. It's one of those movies where perhaps if you haven't seen thousands of movies you'd think it's good going on great, but for me it's just good.<br /><br />Perhaps I can't relate to the young couple in love that always gets into heated fights but still are madly in love with eachother. That's just too Hollywood for me. In real life I've yet to see a relationship like that last.<br /><br />To sum up there really isn't anything wrong with this movie. It's pretty clean and wholesome by today's standards.
I am giving two stars instead of zero or one because I've always loved James Garner and he does an outstanding job here...comparable but better than Henry Fonda in "On Golden Pond." Garner has more sex appeal, charisma and charm than most actors half his age and that's one of the chief problems with "The Notebook": no way, no how, does wimpy Ryan Gosling (with his blank, unexpressive face) ever grow up to become James Garner.<br /><br />Any tears legitimately shed here (and I am not ashamed that I cried openly) are due to Mr. Garner and the luminous Gena Rowlands. There is a lot of sentimental corniness in the roles, but the two veteran performers rise above this with sheer talent.<br /><br />The problem is that this is not merely an above average Lifetime TV movie about the tragedy of Alzheimer's...it's meant to be a love story reaching over half a century. In that, "The Notebook" is a soggy failure. The story of the young lovers is not moving or genuine at all, and Ryan Gosling is so flat and unconvincing that it's impossible to even feel that h is in love, or that the heroine is in love with him. Besides his awkward, stilted performance, there is a serious problem with his appearance -- it's supposed to be the 1940s, but Mr. Gosling has long shaggy "hippie" hair (and later a scruffy beard)...he is also dressed in a variety of cute clothing from J. Crew or The Gap...not remotely what any self respecting man would have worn at that time. (I am also astonished that a soldier during WWII would have been allowed to have shaggy, collar length hair.)<br /><br />It's also a serious detriment to the film that Mr. Gosling looks NOTHING like James Garner...nor does he have the skill to even slightly emulate the older man's distinctive speech or body language. Towards the end, we see Garner looking at some old photo albums which show the real actor as a young man...this is quite disorienting. How did Ryan Gosling -- lanky, thin, blonde with a long face -- turn into James Garner? How did his hair go from blonde to dark brown? (Even more disconcerting and confusing is that fact that James Marsden, playing the "other man", looks much more like Garner than Gosling does.)<br /><br />The film abounds with confusing elements, some of which are real whoppers. Gosling and heroine Allie (a radiantly beautiful Rachel McAdams) cavort on a beach with huge rocky outcroppings -- this is not remotely what the South Carolina/Georgia coastline looks like. (It was obviously filmed in California.) Gosling's character, Noah, buys a huge plantation and restores it himself...right down to quaint lighting fixtures and chi-chi wall coverings -- how does he do this, when he doesn't even have a job? Later we see the elderly Noah and Allie living in a nearly identical white mansion, also on a river...is it the same house? Was their plantation rennovated into a nursing home at some point? No answer or explanation is attempted. (It's also the poshest nursing home I have ever seen.)<br /><br />At another point, elderly Noah and Allie are visited by their children, whom Allie no longer can recognize...it is apparently the present day, or very recently...therefore, about 50 years after WWII and probably more. Yet their children are clearly only in their early 30s. Did Noah and Allie marry in 1947 and then wait until the early 70s to have kids????<br /><br />So, "The Notebook" is some pretty seriously flawed hogwash. About what I expected from the author of "Message in a Bottle" and "A Walk to Remember". It's redeemed only by James Garner and Gena Rowlands, and Rachel McAdams (showing a lot of improvement and potential talent) performances, but sunk by poor writing, a maudlin plot, tears dishonestly earned by treacle, and a performance by Ryan Gosling that ranks with the worst I have ever watched on the big screen.<br /><br />You can wait to watch this one when it shows up on cable.
I've read the book and watched the movie many times, and I must say that I prefer the book overall, in that Sparks's poetic manner of writing leaves the narrative with a more graceful and timeless feel. The movie tries to imitate this feel, but it ends up corny and insincere. However, I must also say that Ryan Gosling never ceases to make the movie enjoyable. His performance was great although I know that he is forced to hold back on his full potential for this role, and he does a great job of embodying every trait of the ideal boyfriend. After watching the movie for the first time, I temporarily became obsessed with Ryan, thinking that maybe in real life he is really like Noah Calhoun. Obviously, it's a total act of stupidity, but I think that's what makes this movie so appealing to girls. Ryan makes every boyfriend look bad! I'm probably not the only one who started wondering why my boyfriend doesn't take me for canoe rides surrounded by ducks or build me a house. I was very impressed by Rachel's courageous performance as well, as this is only her second or third major role. She has a very bold, fiery personality behind her, and I look forward to seeing her in other movies. As for Ryan, I really wish he'd appear on Jay Leno or something so he can get all the love and attention he deserves as the wonderfully mature, talented, and seductive actor that he is.
When evaluating a tear-jerker love story - as this is being classified - the cry factor goes a long way towards determining the effectiveness of the movie. My wife and I watched this for Valentine's Day and she went through half a box of tissues in 2 hours. Not bad for a tear-jerker.<br /><br />For me personally, I liked this movie for the following reasons:<br /><br />1) Two relatively unknown lead actors. You might remember Ryan Gosling as one of the teammates in "Remember the Titans". Rachel McAdams strays from her usual portrayal of a spoiled teen in movies such as "Hot Chicks" and "Mean Girls". They were both rather effective in this setting because first of all - they did a great job of acting through the dramatic scenes and second of all, because they are relative newcomers, the audience identifies better with them. The love story can be any couple in the audience or any couple next door just like McAdams and Gosling portray.<br /><br />2) Period transformation - The art designers did an excellent job of transforming storefronts and entire streets into the post WWII era.<br /><br />3) Agonizing decision - We all knew what the ending was going to be. The impressive thing about this movie was that even though we knew the ending, the way in which the director got there still made the audience feel the pain of the decision making process and in that process generated alot of tears.<br /><br />4) Director's point of view - it was a poignant touch to tell this story as a flashback (or in "notebook" form) and with the situation the couple was in. It added an extra tragic dimension to the film which only added to the tear-jerker factor.<br /><br />Here's why the movie only got 3.75 Stars:<br /><br />1) Contrived story - A couple who are each other's first love gets separated and then gets back together after girl almost marries some other guy. This has been done numerous times over the years - most recently of which I can remember in Pearl Harbor.<br /><br />2) Cheesy ending - I won't state it, but the ending (when the couple is older - played by Garner and Rowlands) is a cheesy way out to wrap up this movie into a neat little bow.<br /><br />3) War scenes - they sucked. We really needed to feel the time apart (7 years) that the couple experienced and the director failed to instill that by putting in token weak war scenes. Gosling looked out of place on the battlefield and the lack of emotion from his best friend's death was disappointing.<br /><br />4) Relationship development - I'm usually not in favor of long drawn out 3 hour movies but I feel in stories such as this when the character development is the focal point of the story (not the action scenes) then we need to sympathize with the characters. We can only do that when we are deeply immersed into their lives. I would have liked to see more about the summer romance and the couple's interaction with her parents.<br /><br />Overall - I've seen much worse chick-flick love stories and not too many which are better. I'm pretty harsh with movies such as this so a 3.75 star rating means in my book - this is worth a rental.
I CAN'T SAY IT ENOUGH, I LOVE THIS MOVIE. I WATCHED THIS MOVIE 3 TIMES. I COUDN'T HELP BUT CRY IN SOME PARTS OF THE MOVIE.THIS IS TRULY ONE OF THE BEST LOVE STORIES  I HAVE SEEN.PLEASE DO YOURSELVES A FAVOR AND BUY/RENT WHATEVER YOU PREFER BUT PLEASE SEE THIS MOVIE. YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPOINTED! THE MOVIE IS GREAT
I bought this for my wife for Valentine's Day, its exactly what you would expect, gay and sappy, but I guess it was a good movie.  Even if you're a dude expect to get a little choked up at the end
I'm glad I purchased this item. It was a perfect gift! Nothing was damaged and I received it with more than enough time.
I rented this movie then when out and purchased it.  I knew I would want to watch it over again and again!
The two leads, Ryan Gosling and Rachel McAdams, were absolutely superb. Nuanced and emotive acting, but unfortunately, that's about the only thing that's good about this film. If you've seen the trailer, well, then, that's all you need to watch.<br /><br />I know I'll probably get severely ragged on for this review, but the truth is that it's sentimental in a really saccharine and smothering way. If you're not a die-hard romantic movie fan, stay away, or you'll roll your eyes right out of their sockets.
If you can suspend almost all critical judgment and subscribe to a Hollywood tear jerk formula, then this film might work for you. About 80% of The Notebook  is a flashback to the 1940s and the improbable summer romance between Allie Nelson and Noah Calhoun that led to their marriage. She is from fabulous wealth; he works at the lumberyard for pennies. Surprise--her mother objects! But they canoe in sunsets, splash in the rain, separate for years, coincidentally find each other many years later, leave the respective people they love, and all through the power of a house Noah restored. In the present day, an elderly Noah reads this story aloud to his now demented Allie from a notebook she had written. The mere reading cures her of Alzheimer's, at least long enough for them to die in each other's arms. Sorry, it does not work for me. Much more interesting would have been an exploration of an aging couple still in love, or about that long interlude between a summer fling and death's doorstep; how does a couple keep the flame alive? This film cheats both ends with sugary sentimentality and leaves the middle passage unexplored.
This movie is the best love story! Its not one of those hoaky ones that could never happen in real life.  It makes you laugh and cry. It makes you appreciate the things and people you have in your life.  It's a movie that will stay with you. I would recommend this movie to anyone, both men and women!!! Make sure you have a box of kleenex with you though, you'll need it.
Coming off of The United States of Leland, maybe the worst independent film I've ever seen, Ryan Gosling had a lot of explaining to do, and he does it well in a surprisingly natural and deep performance as the tortured male soul of this melodrama. Of course, the performances are about the only thing to rave about in this formulaic little romantic trifle that has absolutely no surprises. I doth protest too much, though; when such fine work is done by Gosling, McAdams, and even Joan Allen as the typically cliched overprotective-mother-who-doesn't-think-that-boy-is-good-enough-for-you, there's something to be said. <p>  Maybe the ferocious talent of his father is in director Nick Cassavettes, the son of the legendary John. Director Cassavettes seems to know how to handle the acting, which hardly ever devolves into showiness, but the plot - based on a Nicholas Sparks weeper - is so contrived it's hard to handle. Basically, there's an old couple at a retirement home: the woman (Gena Rowlands, mother of the director) has advanced alzheimer's and the man (James Garner, a solid rock of an actor) reads to her a story of two young lovers, Noah and Allie, whose tortured romance was so deep it could survive anything. The movie flashes back to Gosling and McAdams frequently, into scenes that evoke the '50's with surprising accuracy...and even evoke the feeling of young love, as well.<p>  I won't reveal too much, but if you have an I.Q. of 3 you can guess who the old people were in the past. If that stuff doesn't make you roll your eyes too much, The Notebook will be a guilty pleasure that goes down easy. But by all standards, it's not a very good movie. I couldn't help but be moved by the wonderful performances by its leads, though, and The Notebook - in some strange way - is never boring even though you know what's coming around the corner. There's better stuff out there that is in this same vein of a romantic weeper, but you could do much worse. The Notebook, though not a good movie, isn't a terrible one either, and it's harmless. GRADE: C+
I borrowed my sister in laws DVD of this movie cause everyone told me how romantic it was. What they neglectecd to inform me was that it was an emotional roller coaster through out the movie in which I wanted to kick my tv, plus I didnt know I'd need to watch it with a whole box of tissues. I was either mad or cried throughout the entire movie! But I figured it was ok as long as it had a happy ending. I'm not gonna say too much there for those of you who hasnt see it yet, but what the heck was that ending about? That was soooo sad I was blubbering like a baby. Needless to say, after the movie I was so upset I actually threw the remote  control. I have now boycotted the movie from my house. A little drastic you say? Not to somebody who used an entire box of kleenex throughout the movie. In closing, hated the movie! Watch at your own risk. (and with tissues)
Before you see this movie, you have to go into it knowing that it is a sappy tear-jerker intended to be lovey-dovey.<br /><br />Once you accept that, watch the movie and events unfold and you will fall in love with it. The cinematography is beautiful as is Rachel McAdams. The Notebook will renew your faith in the possibilities of perfect and passionate romance.<br /><br />For what this movie is, it is perfect.
Another syrupy Sparks book "A Walk to Remember" may have succeeded as a film because its schmaltz was at least presented with sincerity. "The Notebook" wants to think of itself as a higher form of art than your average lovey-dovey weepie, but its tale is much too hackneyed.<br /><br />Even the structure is predictable. It begins with James Garner and Gena Rowlands as nursing home residents. She suffers from Alzheimer's disease. He shows up every day to read her the same story from his notebook, though she remembers neither him nor the tale.<br /><br />As he reads, the story unfolds before our eyes through the magic of flashbacks. She was a wealthy girl vacationing at her family's summer home, he just a local boy with gumption enough to free her from class accoutrements. Well, well, parents don't approve, so it breaks off, he goes off to a war, she meets another man, until a year later, she spots him again in news.<br /><br />The story develops in the MOST predictable manner to connect to the parallel story of the older couple. Any chance to watch Garner should be a joy, but the framing story is clunky. The flashbacks, though conventional, are more charming, thanks to Gosling's sleepy-eyed lure and McAdam's genuine emotions.<br /><br />We do have some moments of town people's gentility and swooning romance, but nothing can pull this milquetoast from its barrage of cliches.
Maybe because I'm in my mid-40s, but because the stars are younger and maybe more recognizable to the generation after me, this movie may be more appealing to them.  I just did not care for this movie. It's gotten rave reviews here, but it didn't appeal to me at all. I usually tend to see movies with actors and actresses I like not necesarily because of good reviews, critical acclaim or even awards. That may be the reason I didn't like it.  One of my favorite romantic movies of all time is Bridges of Madison County.  The Notebook didn't come close to Bridges.
For those of us who have had the good fortune to see this movie without being biased by blabbermouth reviewers, it can be described as a mystery-romance which holds our interest by jumping back and forth in time and intriguing us with a series of unanswered questions.  Sure, I could be cynical and say that the biggest question is: Why is a boy from 1978 dating a girl from 1958 in what is supposed to be 1940? Not much attention is paid to historical accuracy in hair, costume, and social attitudes. My fellow movie-goers at the matinee were all senior citizens who had a heck of a time following the plot. And the movie's finish is softened by the addition of a "second ending."  But the real ending, as the camera catches James Garner's expression shortly after the audience has finally had a chance to see inside The Notebook, is a heart-wrencher.
This has to be one of the worst movies I've ever seen and, except for Hollywood's built-in nepotism, would have not been made.  My primary distaste for the movie and what distracted me from the "story" relates to the props and the over emphasis on "perfection."  All of the signs for Coke, etc., were in perfect, unblemished condition.  The shoes worn by the girl star were totally today's.  The mother's French manicure made me want to set my hair on fire....  Help!!!<br /><br />Guess it's really no worse than the Thin Man series and other movies from the 30's and 40's where most of the characters are rich and overdressed and were intended to encourage the masses to go out and attain their own impossible dreams but not to my taste at all. At least the earlier ones could be entertaining.
I was SO disapposinted when I got this product.  The seller totally sent a cheap burned copy to me in a clear cover.  The DVD was not even marked, no images on the top of the DVD; it was silver on both sides of the DVD.  Very disappointed, never buy from this seller again.  Movie played ok.
"The best love story I have seen in years" - Larry King, Larry King Live<br /><br /> Based on the book by Nicholas Sparks, The Notebook is a compelling love story.<br /><br />Nick Cassavetes directed the film and the cast includes Gena Rowlands, Sam Shepard, Ryan Gosling, Rachel McAdams, James Garner, and Meredith Zealy. The story starts out with an older gentleman, Duke (Garner), visiting an older, confused woman (Rowlands) to read a particularly meaningful story. As Duke reads the book, the audience watches the story in a flashback-like manner. Two teenagers, Noah (Gosling) and Allie (McAdams), meet through mutual friends and Noah falls in love instantly. After a little persuasion from Noah and the help of their friends, the two hit it off and fall deeply in love. However, there were many things in the way of their happily ever after ending. Noah worked at the lumber yard at minimum wage while Allie was from an extremely wealthy family. The class difference was noted and not approved of by Allie's parents. In addition, this was Allie's summer home and she was to leave upon fall. Allie was being tutored and expected to attend college. The two were forced to separate at the end of the wonderful summer they spent together. The parents called it a "summer romance" but the couple knew that it was so much more. Noah wrote to Allie everyday after the family left. Upon hearing no response from Allie after a year of writing, 365 letters, he wrote his last letter, saying goodbye. The two led separate lives for years, during which Allie got engaged to a rich man with whom her parents approve. When a twist in fate brought them into each others lives again, their love is rekindled. This makes Allie have to choose between must true love and status. Through the cinematography and emotions of the actors, the audience is compelled to make a strong emotional attachment to the characters.<br /><br />I met my boyfriend in high school and we're been together for a few years. We didn't have the difference in class issue or the parents' disapproval, but we did, and still do, have to deal with college and separation. We are going to different colleges in different states. To deal with the seven to eight hour distance between us, we have had to really work on communication and trust. Therefore, I was able to fully understand the bond that these two characters made and the heartbreak of saying goodbye. It's hard to communicate enough and have enough trust to know that the distance is not going to affect the bond. Like the rekindling of Allie and Noah's love, we try to come home every so often to see each other. The love that the characters found in the movie touches me in a way that makes me understand how and why they did what they did and said what they said. I understand only too much the excitement, the joy, the jealousy, the gut-wrenching pain that they experience.<br /><br />Allie's in an extremely hard situation when she had to choose between her fianc&eacute; and Noah. All her life she had worked to please her parents and did everything that they had wanted. But her heart wanted something different. How was she to pick? Her love vs her lifelong "norm". I felt like I too faced this decision. All my life I was the studious girl that was always made sure that her school work was done and that she made honor roll. So when it came time to go to a college, I could either go to a college that I liked or go to a different college that I didn't feel as great about but my boyfriend applied there, so we would be together. I chose the first option, making the commitment to the academics of the first college and at the same time making a commitment to a long-distance relationship. In some ways, I feel that I still make that decision now when I ponder whether or not to transfer to his school. It's hard and the heart doesn't make it any easier.<br /><br />The gripping real-life emotion in The Notebook makes me agree with the positive reviews that it gets. It is a romantic movie that touches the heart in a manner that no other movie ever has.<br /><br />WARNING: Make sure plenty of tissues standing nearby.
The Notebook is a cute movie, but it drags on in some parts and is as slow as an old person. I much prefered A Walk to Remember. The Notebook loses some of it's magic as you're forced to look at your watch and realize that 120 minutes seem longer than it really is.
A word and a warning to writers everywhere: Don't have your two primary characters literally lie down and die together unless your name is William Shakespeare. That technique simply doesn't work for lesser talents. I have rarely witnessed such a maudlin, dismal display. If there were an Oscar category for "most depressing," this juvenile, completely implausible exercise in tedium would be a shoo-in.
I have been a huge fan of Nicholas Sparks for years now, and The Notebook was the first book of his that I read. I fell in love with it and have been excited to see this movie ever since I heard that it was being filmed. I went to see it the other night with high expectations; I had seen A Walk To Remember (another of one of Sparks' books turned movie) and expected The Notebook to be just as wonderful. I was not wrong; the film was most excellent. HOWEVER, I was extremely disappointed and dissatisfied with how much they changed from the book.<br /><br />In the movie, Alli's last name is Hamilton. In the book, it's Nelson.<br /><br />In the movie, the story takes place in Seacrest, South Carolina. In the book, it takes place in New Bern, North Carolina.<br /><br />In the movie, Alli is reluctant to date Noah at first. In the book, she is taken by him immediately.<br /><br />In the movie, Alli and Noah do not lose their virginities to each other. In the book, they do.<br /><br />In the movie, it is 1940ish when Alli and Noah first meet. In the book, it is 1932.<br /><br />In the movie, Alli and Noah fight constantly and Alli is rather violent. In the book, none of that ever happens.<br /><br />In the movie, Gus is never mentioned. In the book, he is one of Noah's best friends.<br /><br />In the movie, Alli meets Lon when he come in injured at the hospital she volunteers at. In the book, they meet at a Christmas party.<br /><br />In the movie, Noah writes to Alli every day for a year. In the book, he writes to her for over two years.<br /><br />In the movie, Noah receives the money to buy the old plantation house with his war bonds and money his father receives from selling their house. In the book, Noah gets his money from his old boss named Morris Goldman.<br /><br />In the movie, Martha Shaw is the woman Noah sleeps with. In the book, she is simply a neighbor--it was a different woman he slept with that went unnamed.<br /><br />In the movie, Noah and Alli are 17 and both are graduated from high school. In the book, Noah is 17 and graduated but Alli is only 15.<br /><br />In the movie, Alli's mother went through a similar experience with a lumberyard boy. In the book, she didn't.<br /><br />In the movie, Noah and Alli have 2 daughters and a son. In the book, they also have 2 daughters and a son..but their son dies at the age of 4.<br /><br />In the movie, Noah tries to stop Alli from leaving. In the book, he practically lets her go.<br /><br />In the movie, it is never mentioned if Alli continues to paint. In the book, she becomes a famous painter.<br /><br />In the movie, Noah and Alli die at the end. In the book, they do not die--but instead they make love.<br /><br />There are many more things I could point out, but I've only seen the movie once..and I'm sure you all get my point by now.<br /><br />The movie was wonderful, but there was no point for Hollywood to twist and change an already lovely story. I suggest that if you want a beautiful and timeless love story, that you read the book instead.
I am of the utmost belief that Kleenex was a sponsor of this film.  It has been a very long time since Hollywood released a "true" tearjerker film, and I know that Kleenex couldn't help but try to get a piece of the action.  I know that my wife went through at least ten Kleenex by the time this film was over and she had read the book.  Imagine what it would be like for those that didn't see this film coming.  I honestly feel they could go through a whole box.  Ironically, and corporately minded, I went through no Kleenex as I watched this film, but instead found my mind wandering and trying at any opportunity to search for any chemistry between our lovebird characters.  From Garner and Rowlands to Gosling and McAdams, there was this sensation that they were nothing more than actors playing their part instead of the feeling of true love erupting from the screen.  Adding to this mess was a mixed bag of story lines that seemed as if Cassavetes was trying to make straight lines out of circles.  While this wasn't a horrible film by any means, The Notebook was perfect and its flaws cut very deep into this sad story.<br /><br />While I think Sparks' characters in his book are probably much better than in this story, I still wish he would have pushed harder for better actors or a bit more story.  There definitely seemed to be a lacking on both of these ends that hurt the overall feel of the film.  James Garner is old, and that was about the only thing that he had going for him.  Rowlands I can give some credit towards, but strangely I couldn't see these two working together.  Garner's passion towards Rowlands seems scripted, while there definitely wasn't anything between Rowlands and Garner.  It felt as if Garner was working too hard while Rowlands just didn't place any effort.  The Kleenex effect only occurred between these two characters, in my opinion, because they were old, and that seems to strike a chord with all of us.  Perhaps it is the grandparent effect or the fear of getting to that point in our lives, I felt that tears were shed near the end of the film because of their age, not their acting ability.  The same can be said for McAdams and Gosling.  McAdams did a decent job with the material given, but the slipping accent of Ryan Gosling was inexcusable and disturbing.  Gosling was completely miscast in this film.  I don't know if he was Cassavetes first choice for the role, but he just didn't capture the emotions that were deeply rooted in this film.  He read lines, gave some expression, but that was all.  I saw Ryan Gosling playing the character and not Noah on screen.  His eyes are what hurt him the most.  They just didn't seem to fit with what the character was trying to convey.  Each time the camera moved to his eyes, the film lost more credibility.  To build a great film that this could have been you need to staple it with strong players, sadly, this did not happen with The Notebook.  Feathers trying to be paperweights instead hold down this story.<br /><br />Then we have the story.  Sparks has a great imagination, and this story seemed like it would make a great story to tell on the written page, but not in film.  There were too many loose ends that were not covered or given enough respect for me in this film.  Allie's parents are one of them.  Allie's dad was hysterical looking as I kept hoping that I would see him whip out some Dapper Dan somewhere in the film.  Allie's Mom, Joan Allen, is not given enough time to defend herself and her climactic moment at the end seems a bit forced and boring than emotional.  We don't have enough information on her or this other character to really care about her big scene, instead it feels just like "filler".  There should have been more with Sam Shepard, who conveniently did not make it till the end of the film.  It felt as if he was written away because nobody knew what to do with him.  The same can be said of James Marsden's character who arrives, conquers, and leaves with no emotional response.  With many of these moments I felt we were given the short, short, short version instead of the emotional powerhouse this could have been.  The final scene that I found myself laughing at immensely was the entire "Noah going to war" bit.  The emotional scene during this brief interlude was completely forced and implausible.  I needed more during this moment to have my heart wretched out of me, and not just a scene to tie up any loose ends.  Cassavetes could handle this film, I think he just chose to throw too many elements into the fire that he could not fully develop, which hurt him in the long run.<br /><br />Overall, this film could have reached new levels, but instead cheapened itself to cater to those with low emotional control (the weepy) and lovers.  Everyone in love has their own story to tell that would probably make another person tear up, but that is what makes it your own. Cassavetes did not build a strong film with The Notebook, but instead used common clich&eacute;d Hollywood techniques to give the audience what they were hoping for, shallow characters that will make you cry.  Well, if you are looking for a film that literally cuts the drama and gives you the tears, this would be the film for you.  To everyone else, I say skip it.  There are better dramas that will burst your tear ducts longer than this one!<br /><br />Grade: ** out of *****
I ordered this movie as a Christmas present because the price was good. The gift didn't come in until after Christmas so I ended up having to buy another one and just kept this one for myself when it came in. I love this movie though....
The worst movie ever was Popeye with Robin Williams but that's a whole other thing. I'd have given The Notebook a lower rating but unfortunately, wasn't given the option for a 0 (or lower).  The acting was terrible (Ryan Gosling in particular). The story was sappy. I think that for a 1940s period piece, the characters were portrayed in too modern a fashion - in the language in particular.  The "loving" relationship between the two main characters during their youth wasn't really a nice one (if that's love, may God strike me loveless) and was completely the opposite of the couple in their older years. How Gena Rowlands, James Garner, Joan Allen, and Sam Shepherd ended up in something this bad is mind boggling. It's scary how many saps out there actually liked, excuse me "LOVED" this film and raved about it.  Ick.  I mean dying together at the exact same time?  Give me a break. What kind of a world are we living in?  The best review is the one where the guy said "Not unless you're Shakespeare."  I'm with him.
In my review of the novel, I described the story as:<br /><br />"Noah Calhoun is a thirty-something, World War II Veteran who has reached a level of financial security by doing all of the right things.  Working hard.  Being honest.  Loving his parents.  Fighting for his country in a time of war.  Allie Nelson is a beautiful southern belle who has a tender, loving heart and who comes from a family that is as much concerned with social status as anything else.  Noah and Allie have little in common except for a few weeks they spent together during one magic summer a decade and a half earlier.<br /><br />Now, after the end of fighting the European and Pacific theatres, Allie is engaged to a socialite lawyer and Noah has purchased and restored an old house that holds his memories of the one woman he has ever truly loved.  By chance only a few weeks before she is to be married, Allie sees a newspaper story about Noah who has returned to New Bern, North Carolina.  At the moment she sees the feature, she knows that she must see Noah just one more time either to exorcise the ghosts from her past or to restore the love that she and Noah once briefly shared.<br /><br />Framed around the memories of a mysterious retirement home resident who tells a story to another resident of the home of love found, lost, and found from a notebook, `The Notebook' is not short on salubrious emotion.  Occasionally a little campy, `The Notebook' is a cross between well-conceived, well-written contemporary fiction and a sentimental romance novel.  The results are enchanting."<br /><br />As enjoyable as the book is, and even taking into account that the film adaptation of a book is rarely as good as the book, the movie version of `The Notebook' is not good.<br /><br />While Rachel McAdams' portrayal of Allie Hamilton was fair and McAdams is very nice to watch, the other performances ranged from very ordinary to poor.  Ryan Gosling is oafish as Noah Calhoun, and the performances from Gina Rowlands as Allie Calhoun, James Garner as an aged Noah, and Joan Allen as Allie's mother, Anne, appeared to be "phoned in."  It's as if Nick Cassevetes and the entire production team for the film hurriedly had a script written, hired a few name actors, filmed a take or two for each scene, and rushed the raw footage through editing in a vain attempt to take advantage of the popularity of Nicholas Sparks' novel.  In fact, it's difficult to determine whether Rowlands, Garner, and Joan Allen were poorly directed, whether the screen play was just that bad, or whether Cassavetes just did not care.<br /><br />It's sort of a shame because the novel was fun, but this one's a stinker.
The main characters in this film have the same names as the main characters in Nicholas Sparks' novel, but the resemblance ends there.  While the film might be entertaining to some, this reviewer found it to be annoying and uninspiring.  The Allie and Noah in the book were portrayed as sensitive, intelligent and thoughtful individuals.  The Allie and Noah in the film are just two more average, impulsive teenagers with no special or endearing qualities and not a lot of common sense.  The reference to the elderly Allie's illness as "senile dementia" is misleading and inaccurate.  This reviewer recommends reading the book or listening to the book-on-tape for an inspiring love story and a more realistic and sensitive portrayal of Alzheimer's Disease and it's impact on the well spouse.
This movie was terrible and great at the same time. The parts that take place in the present show vivid influence by Nicholas Sparks and are the cheesiest, most cliche scenes I have ever seen. The parts that take place in the past are very witty, cute, and funny. I, however, would rather drill screws into my feet than watch the ending or any of the parts that coincide with it. Whichever one you prefer, this movie mixes both crap and wit.
Everyone has to sign this before writing a review yet there is not one review of the actual DVD, just the movie or storyline.<br /><br />Does anyone else have issues with the region encoding not being picked up on some players? Or the fact that it never goes into the main menu without shutting off the player?<br /><br />Please, fellow shoppers, help us future buyers by reviewing the DVD media, the VHS media, the audio cd media, not the content that you saw via another medium.
I was disappointed in the movie for several reasons.<br />1. The young and old characters did not match up at all.<br />2. I perceived that their relationship left out God all together. He worshipped her, she seemed to accept being idolized by him....<br />3. The death scene left me feeling great emptiness and sadness for them. Their perspective was short-term, they neglected to consider where their eternal souls would dwell; it seems that they had a secular perspective, that only today matters....<br />From a Christian perspective, this movie was very depressing, because they found their hope in each other instead of an eternal God.
I heard a lot about this movie, and I thought that no chick-flick could be that good.<br /><br />I watched it on cable and I figured out why everybody likes it so much.  Two words -- Rachel McAdams.  She is bangin!!!<br /><br />It's not that the movie has a good story, it's not that anyone else acted very well, this movie's success can all be attributed to Rachel McAdams.  She's really hot and in this film her role is to be a really hot leading woman.  And man does she pull it off!<br /><br />There's some other stuff in the movie that makes it worthwhile.  The comparison between the mother and the daughter turns out to be pretty interesting.<br /><br />The setting was 1940's North Carolina, but no one in the movie had a Southern accent.  Imagine one of the guys from Entourage, playing a saw mill worker in 40's North Carolina -- that's what Kevin Connolly did in this movie.  Rachel Mc Adams's on-screen father, David Thornton really sucked.
Okay.  Most of the reviews I've read have been A+, and I guess I really don't understand why.  I can't remember the last movie I've seen that has affected me the way this one has.  I'm not sad!  I'm angry.<p>First, the movie bored me to death.  I thought it would never end.  Second, I did not--repeat NOT--find the actors/actresses appealing, especially James Garner and Gena Rowlands.  Third, I felt very manipulated.  I knew exactly what was going to happen from moment to moment, and just about anyone who's seen movies for years (and maybe not that many years) can figure out the ending.<p>On a positive note, I did enjoy the 40s stuff:  costumes, cars, etc.  And for that I give it one star.
Being the nice boyfriend that I am, I bought this movie for my girlfriend and watched it with her. The 2 stars I gave this film are for the simple fact that it made her happy.<br /><br />Anyone who is mildly intelligent can figure out essentially the whole plot in the first 5 minutes, and probably 2 minutes of that are the credits. Some movies can be predictable and enjoyable. However, others rely on a certain "twist" and the predictability kills the movie. Think about, say, the Sixth Sense. If you've seen it, imagine watching it knowing the twist at the end from sheer plot predictability. That's The Notebook in a nutshell. I suppose if you miss the obvious clues in the first 5 minutes and littered throughout the rest of the film, then maybe the twist would redeem the film.<br /><br />Once you know what's going to happen, the story fizzles. There's no compelling element because you know the outcome. The actors, who are mediocre at best, really don't help the story along.<br /><br />Bottom Line: If you're female, you're more likely to enjoy this. If you're a guy, only buy this as a gift for a female. Don't subject yourself to this atrocity of your own free will.
An avid Spark reader, I expected to have a romantic, sad tale as its precessors, the tale started off a cute, lighthearted, sweet story of summer love. AFter about 30 minutes into the film, I lost all interest as Hollywood took this tale into a questionable movie to show teens. It was sweet and loveable, but for parental sake, I would watchg this movie BEFORE showing your young teens.
This movie had me rolling my eyes so hard that I pulled a muscle and had to wear an eyepatch for 2 weeks.  When other women tell me it's their favorite movie, I secretly judge them and think they must be shallow, predictable and boring.<br /><br />Spoiler ahead (although if you have a half a braincell, you will figure out where the movie is heading like 5 minutes after it starts):<br /><br />Here we have the classic mismatched couple from different sides of the tracks. Allie and the guy fight and argue their way into bed and call it a love story.  He is infatuated with her annoyingness and bright red lipstick.  She is infatuated with him because he 'gets' her free-spiritedness... blah blah.. argue... sex. repeat.  They constantly do stupid things to show each other how cute they are.  He climbs a ferris wheel.  They lay in the middle of the road. She pretends to be a bird while wearing a heinous bikini with a matching gigantic poofy headband.<br /><br />What makes this movie especially ridiculous is that not only do we get to watch how these dumbbells fall in love when they're hot and young, we also get to see them as senior citizens..  Yay.  Who doesn't love old people? There's a twist, however, and it's supposed to make you feel really, really awful. Allie has Alzheimers (I mean, did N. Sparks name her after the disease?) and the guy has a debilitating case of true love.  Still. He stays at the nursing home with her even though she doesn't even know who he is and he could probably afford to have care for her at home.  But every day he reads to her about their moronic love story, hoping she'll remember...  And one day... She does! But then they die, in bed together, for no real reason.  And then you're supposed to cry.<br /><br />I know, right?  It's stoooooopid.
The Notebook was, as a romance, kinda cute and endearing in some ways but there was one point of the movie that was fatally flawed.<br /><br />This notion that if you LOVE SOMEONE ENOUGH you can snap them out of the Alzheimer's fog. Now what does that do to us folks in the real world who have spent years and years at the bedside of someone sinking into the abyss of Alzheimers?<br /><br />No doubt, the lead character is portrayed as being a truly remarkable and passionate man who loved his wife so completely that nothing could kill his love. That's all well and good and we need more movies that portray undying devotion in the face of great hardships (because life does take those turns now and again), but...<br /><br />If you want an honest portrayal of Alzheimer's, if you want to know what it's really like for the families and spouses coping with this, rent or buy "The Forgetting" (also at this site).<br /><br />In an online interview, James Garner was asked if he had any personal experience with Alzheimer's and he replied, "I had an Aunt Emma. She was funny. She couldn't remember me or my brothers or her sisters or anyone."<br /><br />I had an Auntie, too, and she had Alzheimer's and she couldn't remember me. For five years, I took care of her and that experience, difficult but spiritually demanding, was nothing like the character portrayed by Gena Rowlands in The Notebook.<br /><br />Any movie that falsely portrays Alzheimer's can't merit all the praise that this movie has been showered with.<br /><br />Rose Thornton
THIS MOVIE HAS BEEN THE BEST MOVIE I HAVE EVER SEEN IN MY 20 YEARS OF LIVING!!!!! IT'S SO CUTE AND SAD!!! I WOULD GIVE THIS MOVIE ALL THE STARS IN THE WORLD!!! RYAN AND RACHEL DID A VERY GOOD JOB IN THIS MOVIE. MAD PROPS TO THEM BOTH!! THIS MOVIE WAS OUTSTANDING!! #1 MOVIE OF ALL TIMES! I DON'T THINK ANYTHING CAN OUTBEAT THIS MOVIE!!
The Notebook is one of those movies that you have to see at least once.  I read the book first and saw the movie afterwards.  Even though some things were changed in the movie, I thought that Rachel McAdams, Ryan Gosling, Gena Rolands and James Garner did a wonderful job portraying the young and old Allie and Noah.  This movie has some wonderful scenes in it like Allie and Noah dancing in the street and meeting at the carnival.  THis movie is a classic, and should be watched with someone you love. It is a true work of art and a testament to what true love can do.  Allie followed her heart even though she was engaged to someone else, and well I won't give away the ending!.  But if you're looking for a tear jerker movie, with passion and romance buy this one!.
My wife recommended this movie saying them it would make me feel good, and she was right. This is a wonderful story that starts out as a kind of love separated by economic class which doesn't matter to the teenagers Noah and Allie. Allie's parents however diaapprove and move her away but years pass and Noah and Allie never really stop loving each other.<br /><br />The story goes back and forth between present day and the 1940's with James Garner and Gina Rowlands playing an older couple in a rest home. The premise of the story is that Gina Rowlands has dementia and James Garner (Duke) spends his time reading her a story of a long-ago romance. Occasionally Gina remembers that the story that is being read to her is that of her own romance with Duke. While Duke and Gina have children and Grand Childen that want Duke to go home, Duke insists on staying with his true love. Duke lives for these few fleeting moments because this is all he wants are these moments when Gina remembers. This is one of the best romantic movies I have ever seen. And yes the scenery in South Carolina is incredible.
The NoteBook. James Garner and Gena Rowlands have a major part in this movie and Ryan Gosling and Rachel McAdams comprise the rest of the major roles. This movie was so sad and so funny at times. It touched my heart in a way that suprised me. The acting by all 4 of these actors was supurb and that alone made the movie worth watching, but the story line also carries it along with ease.<br /><br />Ryan and Rachel play the younger version of the characters that Garner and Rowland play older. The scene changes from past to present are done so well that you don't even seem to recognize it was happening. (We hate, in fact despises movies that do flashbacks; so this is quite something that they did it in such a way that we didn't even notice it).....<br /><br />The storyline, without giving much away is: You never forget your first love. The movie is set during WWII with the Rich Girl and the Poor Boy, and how fate takes over, with help from her parents and the war. This is a 4 hanky movie, particularly as it nears the end.
What a great story this movie told, and with actors who are virtual "no-names" except for James Garner.  The story is about status and love and how love transcends the arrogant pillars of status.  It is very well acted and wonderfully told.  It is full of great joy and tragedy, but the main message is love lasts forever.  The acting of young Ryan Gosling is especially impressive.  Go rent this movie right now!
I adored this movie.  I cried till my face was red and puffy.  I cried till I could barely breathe.  Some because it was sad, but for a lot of it, because it was beautiful.  Some of the romance is over the top, but it gets you right to your core.  A little predictable, but if you're looking for a good movie that is free from the Hollywood drama, this is it.
I have to disagree with one of the reviews I just read. The book was half of what the movie was. I felt that the book left out WAY TOO MANY key parts that were in the movie. The book was short, to the chase, and didn't really create as many emotions for me as the movie did.<br /><br />If you LOVE classic love stories, then you'll LOVE The Notebook. This is now one of my all-time favorite movies because it's true to life and makes you think when you're watching it. If you're lucky enough to have met and are with that one true love, then you'll definatly identify with the main characters.<br /><br />BOTTOM LINE:<br /><br />Amazing movie!!
This movie starts just before World War 2. Allie and Noah fall in love during a summer romance in North Carolina. Noah  is working class and Allies family is very wealthy. Due to the fact Noah is working class her parents move to another location and force a separation.<br /><br />Noah  writes her everyday for one year, but his letters never reach her.<br /><br />Allie meets a very well to do man and becomes engaged to him.<br /><br />Before the marriage, she comes across and article of him and how he restored a house he told her they would live in someday.<br /><br />Still in love with Noah, Allie goes back to where they met and sees him again.<br /><br />The rest is for you to see, I will tell you that you will enjoy this movie. It is one of the most romantic movies I have ever seen. Enjoy
How does one write a review for a movie that truly touches the very core of human existance?  In this gripping movie we meet two young people, Noah and Allie.  Noah, being a poor boy and Allie coming from a well-to-do family, meet and fall in love.<br /><br />However, this is a forbidden love and so we see them separated for a season, however as true love finds its way they find each other years later and being their life together.<br /><br />Soon the years pass and we find them now aged and Noah's love no longer remembers who he is as she is being ravished b Alzheimers.<br /><br />Both residing in a Nursing Home, Noah reads the story of their courtship, their love, in hopes that she will return to him.<br /><br />This movie made me smile and tore at my heart at the sametime.<br /><br />Perhaps as a woman I want to believe there truly is love like this, so deep that there is no obstacle that will stop it. A love that flowed through two people in such a joining that together they enter eternity.<br /><br />This movie was outstanding and I recommend it highly.
This is by far one of the best romantic movies I have ever watched. I rented it to watch it and simply pass the time, but got hooked on the story and the characters. I normally don't like the author of the book and find most his books and movies to be about the same, but this one is different. I can't tell you too much about the story cause you really don't want to give the plot away. I highly recommend this movie. Anyone who doesn't like this movie is insane. Every actor is great, the plot is great and you can really feel the heartbreak throughout it.
This movie made me cry so many times, that I lost count. This is a romantic and breathtaking movie. The book is even better!!! This movie caught a couple of details that the book has, which for many movies this dosent happen.<br /><br />I highly recommend this movie to anyone that believes love is greater than anything.
