Macbeth, 12 Nov 2017One thing I don't understand is that the Samsung Galaxy S4 had the same issue as the Samsung G... moreThe note 7 was a victim of exagerated and in many cases fabricated half lies, other devices have had the same issues, but being a very much expected flagship device from the biggest manufacturer, the note 7 suffered exagerately, I got my note 7 on aug 27 2016, and it is working as the first day; The note 7 was a victim of exagerated and in many cases fabricated half lies, other devices have had the same issues, but being a very much expected flagship device from the biggest manufacturer, the note 7 suffered exagerately, I got my note 7 on aug 27 2016, and it is working as the first day
Anonymous, 23 Nov 2017The Note 7 was released in Sep 2016, but you have used the Note 7 for over 2 years as on Sep 2017 :)Hahahahaha.; Hahahahaha.
Phone Addict, 26 Sep 2017I have been lucky enough to own a Note 7 Edge for over 2 years now and I have not had any prob... moreThe Note 7 was released in Sep 2016, but you have used the Note 7 for over 2 years as on Sep 2017 :); The Note 7 was released in Sep 2016, but you have used the Note 7 for over 2 years as on Sep 2017 :)
Samsung officially said they recalled 97% of note7.& u can find the rest 3% in gsmarena.Weird#; Samsung officially said they recalled 97% of note7.& u can find the rest 3% in gsmarena.Weird#
Anonymous, 19 Nov 2017Am still using my Samsung Note 7 and there is nothing wrong with it and i like the fact that i... moreit is 5.7 inches?ur note 7; it is 5.7 inches?ur note 7
Am still using my Samsung Note 7 and there is nothing wrong with it and i like the fact that is few on the market i guess am the only one having it at where i live. Great device with perfect design and look; Am still using my Samsung Note 7 and there is nothing wrong with it and i like the fact that is few on the market i guess am the only one having it at where i live. Great device with perfect design and look
I am using Note 7 and its running flawless, no battery problem fantastic speed and look. i guess i am one of few people who are using Note 7 and guess what now its very rare and priceless :P; I am using Note 7 and its running flawless, no battery problem fantastic speed and look. i guess i am one of few people who are using Note 7 and guess what now its very rare and priceless :P
One thing I don't understand is that the Samsung Galaxy S4 had the same issue as the Samsung Galaxy Note7 but yet Samsung didn't discontinue the S4 and discontinued the Note7. Why?????; One thing I don't understand is that the Samsung Galaxy S4 had the same issue as the Samsung Galaxy Note7 but yet Samsung didn't discontinue the S4 and discontinued the Note7. Why?????
Phone Addict, 26 Sep 2017I have been lucky enough to own a Note 7 Edge for over 2 years now and I have not had any prob... moreGood to know you're living in 2018 with either a device that doesn't exist or a device that's been internationally recalled and disabled.; Good to know you're living in 2018 with either a device that doesn't exist or a device that's been internationally recalled and disabled.
santa chowdhury, 19 Sep 2017i want to samsung galazy note 7 still now problem or company solve itit's nerfed , sell in Korea as Note FE .the battery is weaker now; it's nerfed , sell in Korea as Note FE .the battery is weaker now
Phone Addict, 26 Sep 2017I have been lucky enough to own a Note 7 Edge for over 2 years now and I have not had any prob... moreWow!. Are you still using this future-proof device?; Wow!. Are you still using this future-proof device?
I have been lucky enough to own a Note 7 Edge for over 2 years now and I have not had any problems with it. It is the best, most versatile , awesome piece of gorgeous looking equipment that I have ever owned. It does everything I need and then it looks so cool as well.
 I have just compared the new Note 8 with it and I notice the battery is more powerful in the older Note 7. I do not think there is enough of a difference or changes to justify me changing up just yet.; I have been lucky enough to own a Note 7 Edge for over 2 years now and I have not had any problems with it. It is the best, most versatile , awesome piece of gorgeous looking equipment that I have ever owned. It does everything I need and then it looks so cool as well.; I have just compared the new Note 8 with it and I notice the battery is more powerful in the older Note 7. I do not think there is enough of a difference or changes to justify me changing up just yet.
DarkPrince, 08 Sep 2017Why did It became discontinued? it is awsomeIt exploded; It exploded
mann.co, 18 Sep 2017that phone is a bomb.really; really
galaxy note 7 is very high quality in the world today as far as im concern; galaxy note 7 is very high quality in the world today as far as im concern
i want to samsung galazy note 7 still now problem
 or company solve it; i want to samsung galazy note 7 still now problem; or company solve it
wasox, 17 Sep 2017I have been using my note7 since september 2016, zero problems, the best phone I have had, ... morethat phone is a bomb.; that phone is a bomb.
I have been using my note7 since september 2016, zero problems, the best phone I have had, I am now expecting the release of note 8 in my country, samsung galaxy note series, the best all around; I have been using my note7 since september 2016, zero problems, the best phone I have had, I am now expecting the release of note 8 in my country, samsung galaxy note series, the best all around
Just like the galaxy alpha, note 7 had to be discontinued... one of the best phones made by samsung. Masterpieces...; Just like the galaxy alpha, note 7 had to be discontinued... one of the best phones made by samsung. Masterpieces...
this phone is banned my Globally Airlines - Note-7; this phone is banned my Globally Airlines - Note-7
Why did It became discontinued? it is awsome; Why did It became discontinued? it is awsome
The best Samsung design ever in my opinion. I'm not a fan of bezeless design and the black note 7 is just fantastic looker.; The best Samsung design ever in my opinion. I'm not a fan of bezeless design and the black note 7 is just fantastic looker.
karayemis, 02 May 2016This is my next Phone. I hope it will come to Europe. I was disappointed about the note 5 not ... moreI bet you're disappointed after what happened to this phone.; I bet you're disappointed after what happened to this phone.
Guys, there's an update on Samsung's FB page and Flipkart, about a contest about a flagship camera.... and a phone to be given which is equipped with it.
 
 Could it be.... The Note FE's Indian launch?; Guys, there's an update on Samsung's FB page and Flipkart, about a contest about a flagship camera.... and a phone to be given which is equipped with it.; Could it be.... The Note FE's Indian launch?
Any update about release of Refurbished Note-7 with 3200mAH Battery ??? Will it be released in Pakistan as well ?; Any update about release of Refurbished Note-7 with 3200mAH Battery ??? Will it be released in Pakistan as well ?
Shadab, 16 May 2017I am still using verizon unlocked rooted note 7 in india and its working fine for me i dont ha... morei envy u bro,. its indeed a great phone... im using note 4 now, still loving it, but the usb is getting annoying and the battery couldn't hold it for long (3 times a day i have to charge). Does ur note 7 working perfectly using rooted firmware ? so no limitation from samsung ?; i envy u bro,. its indeed a great phone... im using note 4 now, still loving it, but the usb is getting annoying and the battery couldn't hold it for long (3 times a day i have to charge). Does ur note 7 working perfectly using rooted firmware ? so no limitation from samsung ?
I am still using verizon unlocked rooted note 7 in india and its working fine for me i dont have plan to return my original note 7 to samsung.; I am still using verizon unlocked rooted note 7 in india and its working fine for me i dont have plan to return my original note 7 to samsung.
Polius, 26 Apr 2017It is named Note7R. Released in June and priced at $620. I recommend not to buy. I'm sure you now know it's priced at 50%. Looks like I'm getting it if my local stores will supply.; I'm sure you now know it's priced at 50%. Looks like I'm getting it if my local stores will supply.
Does it have edge display like Samsung S7 edge?; Does it have edge display like Samsung S7 edge?
i wish they release a budget note series for $200 or less with sd 660 3gb ram, 32gb, expandable microsd, waterproof, & replaceable batteries; i wish they release a budget note series for $200 or less with sd 660 3gb ram, 32gb, expandable microsd, waterproof, & replaceable batteries
I would get if it came out with nougat 7.1.1 Android operating system.; I would get if it came out with nougat 7.1.1 Android operating system.
If it come and to Europe I'd buy for sure.; If it come and to Europe I'd buy for sure.
T3ch-Guru, 08 May 2017the galaxy s8+ has somewhat the same specs as the Note 7 except the processor difference hmmmAnd the Spen...; And the Spen...
the galaxy s8+ has somewhat the same specs as the Note 7 except the processor difference hmmm; the galaxy s8+ has somewhat the same specs as the Note 7 except the processor difference hmmm
If this didn't explode, it would have been one of the best phones of all time...; If this didn't explode, it would have been one of the best phones of all time...
Good thing is they are gonna bring Note 7R (referbished); Good thing is they are gonna bring Note 7R (referbished)
who's care 
 900 dollar pay for this old model even you can buy honor whit less price good quality i have 
 honor 6x more battrey thn note camera less price if its broke i dont care 
 who's care about note?; who's care; 900 dollar pay for this old model even you can buy honor whit less price good quality i have; honor 6x more battrey thn note camera less price if its broke i dont care; who's care about note?
Hope it comes to europe, if yes i will buy it over Sony XZP or the ugly S8; Hope it comes to europe, if yes i will buy it over Sony XZP or the ugly S8
Guys is this phone still on stores?; Guys is this phone still on stores?
Anonymous, 02 May 2017I love this design MUCH more than S8 ! :(I agree 100%; I agree 100%
Is this phone still on stores?; Is this phone still on stores?
I love this design MUCH more than S8 ! :(; I love this design MUCH more than S8 ! :(
The issue about the burning note 7 i like it but samsung has change their minds to cancel selling note7 devices... someday it will be back to normal... how i wish..; The issue about the burning note 7 i like it but samsung has change their minds to cancel selling note7 devices... someday it will be back to normal... how i wish..
I love it.. but the issue about; I love it.. but the issue about
I love this design more than S8 ! :(; I love this design more than S8 ! :(
[deleted post]That joke is older than your grandma; That joke is older than your grandma
Maximus8184, 27 Apr 2017why do you prefer not to buy or don't like Samsung? I will buy 2 Note 7.I have nothing against it. It just the price too expensive for an old refurbished and resurrected phone. It was literally listed as 'Discontinued' on gsmarena and other tech website. Its value should not exceed $500. Newer model with good reputation value like S8 is not too far price at $720 the lowest compare to refurbished Note7 allegedly $620. Resale value of refurbished Note7 should cut the price as much as 72% at most according to appraisal evaluation.; I have nothing against it. It just the price too expensive for an old refurbished and resurrected phone. It was literally listed as 'Discontinued' on gsmarena and other tech website. Its value should not exceed $500. Newer model with good reputation value like S8 is not too far price at $720 the lowest compare to refurbished Note7 allegedly $620. Resale value of refurbished Note7 should cut the price as much as 72% at most according to appraisal evaluation.
Polius, 26 Apr 2017It is named Note7R. Released in June and priced at $620. I recommend not to buy. why do you prefer not to buy or don't like Samsung? I will buy 2 Note 7.; why do you prefer not to buy or don't like Samsung? I will buy 2 Note 7.
zodiacfml, 19 Apr 2017Can't wait for the refurbished Note7! It will be One Plus 5 versus this one for me this year. It is named Note7R. Released in June and priced at $620. I recommend not to buy.; It is named Note7R. Released in June and priced at $620. I recommend not to buy.
Like more note 7 since have card slot compare with note 5..no card slot; Like more note 7 since have card slot compare with note 5..no card slot
Can't wait for the refurbished Note7! It will be One Plus 5 versus this one for me this year.; Can't wait for the refurbished Note7! It will be One Plus 5 versus this one for me this year.
Using the Note 4 now for 3 years, it gets dated, but still works fine. I got a second battery 6 months ago, because the old one lost 50% capacity, lasting 5 hours light work or just 1 when gaming. I so wanted the note7. I have the money set aside for it.; Using the Note 4 now for 3 years, it gets dated, but still works fine. I got a second battery 6 months ago, because the old one lost 50% capacity, lasting 5 hours light work or just 1 when gaming. I so wanted the note7. I have the money set aside for it.
Samsung should consider releasing a note of this shape and look, then name it differently. This look is too good to just disappear. More so, I'll love to see an upgrade of Samsung Note to most recent features but maintain its uniqueness.; Samsung should consider releasing a note of this shape and look, then name it differently. This look is too good to just disappear. More so, I'll love to see an upgrade of Samsung Note to most recent features but maintain its uniqueness.
Anonymous, 07 Apr 2017I too have a Xperia Z3 and after @ 2 years the battery started to show wear. I went with the ... moreSo are you planning to keep the Note 4 for 2 years? or even more?; So are you planning to keep the Note 4 for 2 years? or even more?
I too have a Xperia Z3 and after @ 2 years the battery started to show wear. I went with the Note 4. As the specs, not including the camera, are very close to the Z3. Note 4 is a little bigger, which is obvious. But my choice was based on the fact that you can replace the battery in the Note 4.; I too have a Xperia Z3 and after @ 2 years the battery started to show wear. I went with the Note 4. As the specs, not including the camera, are very close to the Z3. Note 4 is a little bigger, which is obvious. But my choice was based on the fact that you can replace the battery in the Note 4.
Lukong, 05 Mar 2017Cons of Internal Battery - When the battery is no longer good, so is the phone - Harder to ... moreI have a Sony Xperia Z3 and the battery started getting bad (getting half of the usual Screen On Time now) after 2 years, knowing alot of people buy a Note every year, they don't care.
 Buying a battery with bigger capacity doesn't mean the cells inside it are more compressed?
 Pressing some buttons simultaneously is hard?; I have a Sony Xperia Z3 and the battery started getting bad (getting half of the usual Screen On Time now) after 2 years, knowing alot of people buy a Note every year, they don't care.; Buying a battery with bigger capacity doesn't mean the cells inside it are more compressed?; Pressing some buttons simultaneously is hard?
I would rather buy this instead of the S8... I don't like the S8 design and colors.; I would rather buy this instead of the S8... I don't like the S8 design and colors.
Also called : "The Bomb"; Also called : "The Bomb"
Dzenan, 06 Mar 2017Phones that have a non-removaable battery are usaly more durable, water resistant, and when ba... moreTo DZENAN:
 
 I have a S5 and in all honesty I have only opened the back about five times in the 2 years and 5 months of owning this phone. It's still as firm as anything out there.
 
 I have a very protective case and usually have no need to take off the case unless I'm cleaning the inner part of the case and the areas of the phone which the case covers. All in all I'm ok with my removable battery. 
 
 I'm still using the original battery that came in the box and it's holding it's charge nicely...though obviously not as long as it did before. When the battery is fully charged I usually get 2 hours plus of On Screen Time by the time it reaches the 50% mark. Not bad for a nearly two and a half year battery. 
 
 I hate the fact that most of these newer phones have built in batteries just because they are what? Metal or glass? Glass doesn't even make sense for phones because glass breaks and the average consumer drop their phones. I know someone with a glass phone and the back doesn't look nice anymore due to cracks after just one fall. Nokia have been manufacturing metal phones for a long time and they still provided removable batteries think the E-Series, Nokia E51, Nokia E71 and even feature phones like the Nokia 6300. Those Nokia phones were solidly built even though the back covers were removable. Today manufacturers can still do it but maybe they have ulterior motives like charging customers to replace a built in battery or just have the customer purchase a newer phone all together.
 
 I came across someone who had to change their phone because after three years their battery died. If my S5 battery should fail me after three years I will just purchase a brand new one and easily put it in. Removable batteries are a plus anyway you look at it.; To DZENAN:; I have a S5 and in all honesty I have only opened the back about five times in the 2 years and 5 months of owning this phone. It's still as firm as anything out there.; I have a very protective case and usually have no need to take off the case unless I'm cleaning the inner part of the case and the areas of the phone which the case covers. All in all I'm ok with my removable battery.; I'm still using the original battery that came in the box and it's holding it's charge nicely...though obviously not as long as it did before. When the battery is fully charged I usually get 2 hours plus of On Screen Time by the time it reaches the 50% mark. Not bad for a nearly two and a half year battery.; I hate the fact that most of these newer phones have built in batteries just because they are what? Metal or glass? Glass doesn't even make sense for phones because glass breaks and the average consumer drop their phones. I know someone with a glass phone and the back doesn't look nice anymore due to cracks after just one fall. Nokia have been manufacturing metal phones for a long time and they still provided removable batteries think the E-Series, Nokia E51, Nokia E71 and even feature phones like the Nokia 6300. Those Nokia phones were solidly built even though the back covers were removable. Today manufacturers can still do it but maybe they have ulterior motives like charging customers to replace a built in battery or just have the customer purchase a newer phone all together.; I came across someone who had to change their phone because after three years their battery died. If my S5 battery should fail me after three years I will just purchase a brand new one and easily put it in. Removable batteries are a plus anyway you look at it.
How many components will be reuse? I doubt the C9 and following will use the Note 7 components to reduce loses.; How many components will be reuse? I doubt the C9 and following will use the Note 7 components to reduce loses.
if you noticed, the Icon on the Note 7 is similar with a new android Nougat on either flagship samsung phone like S7, but Note 7 at this point is Marshmallow, which is many parts of Note 7 has been moved for Nougat Update. especially at the Blue Coral color, now was available on the Galaxy S7 edge. :')
 many good advantage from you has been taken cause Note 7 was R.I.P.. I mean Dead.; if you noticed, the Icon on the Note 7 is similar with a new android Nougat on either flagship samsung phone like S7, but Note 7 at this point is Marshmallow, which is many parts of Note 7 has been moved for Nougat Update. especially at the Blue Coral color, now was available on the Galaxy S7 edge. :'); many good advantage from you has been taken cause Note 7 was R.I.P.. I mean Dead.
when you're turn on this Note 7
 and the lock screen display will appear with 3 different password at one purpose...
 - Iris Scanner (automatically)
 - Fingerprint Scanner (automatically)
 - Password (PIN, Patern, etc)
 ...just like open a Bank Storage :D; when you're turn on this Note 7; and the lock screen display will appear with 3 different password at one purpose...; - Iris Scanner (automatically); - Fingerprint Scanner (automatically); - Password (PIN, Patern, etc); ...just like open a Bank Storage :D
Dino Patrick, 15 Mar 2017This was one of the best smartphones ever, and yet the battery had to explode, I am so sorry t... moreyes indeed... they said there's short circuiting parts on battery terminals but it seems to be wrong. same problem already experienced in S4 having higher PPI display, additional specs that require more power juice. if the battery is overloaded... like normal wire cables, extension cords and power outlets at home... handling or flowing more wattage than their specified power rating.... for sure it will heat up, fires out or for battery having enclosure and chemical inside will explode!; yes indeed... they said there's short circuiting parts on battery terminals but it seems to be wrong. same problem already experienced in S4 having higher PPI display, additional specs that require more power juice. if the battery is overloaded... like normal wire cables, extension cords and power outlets at home... handling or flowing more wattage than their specified power rating.... for sure it will heat up, fires out or for battery having enclosure and chemical inside will explode!
This was one of the best smartphones ever, and yet the battery had to explode, I am so sorry this had to happen!; This was one of the best smartphones ever, and yet the battery had to explode, I am so sorry this had to happen!
Dzenan, 06 Mar 2017Phones that have a non-removaable battery are usaly more durable, water resistant, and when ba... moreyes; yes
Arslaan, 26 Feb 2017Hi, why all want removable batteries phones, can anybody knows what is the major disadvantages... morePhones that have a non-removaable battery are usaly more durable, water resistant, and when battery dies you need to take it to service, or risk it by opening it yourself. On the other side the phones with a removable battery have week protection on the back, the cover usally pops out very easy, and that can cause damage to the back portion of the phone. 
 Just go with the phone you like and that suits your need's.; Phones that have a non-removaable battery are usaly more durable, water resistant, and when battery dies you need to take it to service, or risk it by opening it yourself. On the other side the phones with a removable battery have week protection on the back, the cover usally pops out very easy, and that can cause damage to the back portion of the phone.; Just go with the phone you like and that suits your need's.
Arslaan, 26 Feb 2017Hi, why all want removable batteries phones, can anybody knows what is the major disadvantages... moreCons of Internal Battery 
 - When the battery is no longer good, so is the phone
 - Harder to Manually Reset phone
 - Can't get Upgrade Battery for Bigger Capacity
 
 Pros of External Battery
 - If phone outlast Battery, then you can simply buy a Genuine Battery Replacement
 - Opposite of Cons of Internal Battery; Cons of Internal Battery; - When the battery is no longer good, so is the phone; - Harder to Manually Reset phone; - Can't get Upgrade Battery for Bigger Capacity; Pros of External Battery; - If phone outlast Battery, then you can simply buy a Genuine Battery Replacement; - Opposite of Cons of Internal Battery
r.i.p note7; r.i.p note7
Hi, why all want removable batteries phones, can anybody knows what is the major disadvantages of non removable batteries phones or benefits of removable battery phones??, what we should need to buy removable or non removable batteries phones?
 Thanks in advance...; Hi, why all want removable batteries phones, can anybody knows what is the major disadvantages of non removable batteries phones or benefits of removable battery phones??, what we should need to buy removable or non removable batteries phones?; Thanks in advance...
Yeah sure. If you wsnt the fastest phone even without anything to do with it go directly to crappy iphones; Yeah sure. If you wsnt the fastest phone even without anything to do with it go directly to crappy iphones
Anonymous, 09 Feb 2017You are right. phonebuff loves apple and hates samsung so he will always say that apple is b... morePhonebuff isn't an Apple fan. He is an Android guy at heart who bought a G1 when it first came out. Watch his Nexus history video. He doesn't love Apple. His fav Nexus back then was the Samsung Galaxy Nexus.; Phonebuff isn't an Apple fan. He is an Android guy at heart who bought a G1 when it first came out. Watch his Nexus history video. He doesn't love Apple. His fav Nexus back then was the Samsung Galaxy Nexus.
arslan, 06 Feb 2017that 's not true i phone 's are most slowest mobiles as compare with samsung Hybridfan here (not Android and not apple)
 Just because numbers say so it doesn't mean an iPhone is really slow.
 And remember that each OS focuses on a different thing. Apple focuses on SC Power while Android relies on Multi.; Hybridfan here (not Android and not apple); Just because numbers say so it doesn't mean an iPhone is really slow.; And remember that each OS focuses on a different thing. Apple focuses on SC Power while Android relies on Multi.
Nick, 08 Feb 2017You all watch phonebuff video speed test and comme here to say iphone is faster than all other... moreYou are right. 
 phonebuff loves apple and hates samsung so he will always say that apple is better.
 I watch xeetechare 
 He has all samsung phones and makes good test witn no accellerating.; You are right.; phonebuff loves apple and hates samsung so he will always say that apple is better.; I watch xeetechare; He has all samsung phones and makes good test witn no accellerating.
If you find this on Ebay never buy it if you do you may be at risk wasting money by the phone blowing up and getting hurt. 0.0 Stars; If you find this on Ebay never buy it if you do you may be at risk wasting money by the phone blowing up and getting hurt. 0.0 Stars
Anonymous, 03 Feb 2017Nope, iPhone 6s already beat it and iPhone 7 is fastest at the moment. If you want the fastest... moreYou all watch phonebuff video speed test and comme here to say iphone is faster than all other phone. But phonebuff videos are not in real test. We don't know if tests are exact because sometimes they accelerate videos. Its possible test are fake. So watch real time comparison with phone side to side.many test video are on youtube so stop sit on phonebuff videos to compare.; You all watch phonebuff video speed test and comme here to say iphone is faster than all other phone. But phonebuff videos are not in real test. We don't know if tests are exact because sometimes they accelerate videos. Its possible test are fake. So watch real time comparison with phone side to side.many test video are on youtube so stop sit on phonebuff videos to compare.
Anonymous, 03 Feb 2017Nope, iPhone 6s already beat it and iPhone 7 is fastest at the moment. If you want the fastest... morethat 's not true i phone 's are most slowest mobiles as compare with samsung; that 's not true i phone 's are most slowest mobiles as compare with samsung
Lawrence Wong, 02 Feb 2017He probably means the Note 8, not the Note 8.0 tablet*Slow clap...
 
 And the brand name exactly would have been Note8, not Note 8.; *Slow clap...; And the brand name exactly would have been Note8, not Note 8.
If Samsung Release the Refurbished version of note7. i would definitely gonna buy this phone for replacing my note4.. bcause i very like the design rather than upcoming s8 without home button its look weird ..; If Samsung Release the Refurbished version of note7. i would definitely gonna buy this phone for replacing my note4.. bcause i very like the design rather than upcoming s8 without home button its look weird ..
karim 786, 28 Jan 2017my samsung galaxy note 7 not exploding the fastest phone in worldNope, iPhone 6s already beat it and iPhone 7 is fastest at the moment. If you want the fastest phone, always go for iPhone.; Nope, iPhone 6s already beat it and iPhone 7 is fastest at the moment. If you want the fastest phone, always go for iPhone.
Please, is Samsung has a phone which camera placed the angle (example: where the power or volume button) is located?
 Just like a security camera. Thank you.; Please, is Samsung has a phone which camera placed the angle (example: where the power or volume button) is located?; Just like a security camera. Thank you.
Anonymous, 30 Jan 2017Samsung should make a battery replacement again on next Samsung note , to prevent this explode... moreI agreed with you, bcus I have Galaxy note 4 and as the battery is replaceable I have another 2 spare battery. And it is very advantageously.; I agreed with you, bcus I have Galaxy note 4 and as the battery is replaceable I have another 2 spare battery. And it is very advantageously.
DNeighbor, 27 Jan 2017Why wait when the "note 8" had been around for over 3 years now...He probably means the Note 8, not the Note 8.0 tablet; He probably means the Note 8, not the Note 8.0 tablet
karim 786, 28 Jan 2017my samsung galaxy note 7 not exploding the fastest phone in worldFastest phone In the world?? Lol wait for few months..it'll be slowest phone in the world; Fastest phone In the world?? Lol wait for few months..it'll be slowest phone in the world
Samsung should make a battery replacement again on next Samsung note , to prevent this explode thing.; Samsung should make a battery replacement again on next Samsung note , to prevent this explode thing.
karim 786, 28 Jan 2017my samsung galaxy note 7 not exploding the fastest phone in worldGood for you.; Good for you.
my samsung galaxy note 7 not exploding the fastest phone in world; my samsung galaxy note 7 not exploding the fastest phone in world
Imperator Neubaticus, 27 Jan 2017Would rather just wait for the note 8. It's going to be even more of an upgrade to the note 5.... moreWhy wait when the "note 8" had been around for over 3 years now...; Why wait when the "note 8" had been around for over 3 years now...
albertdc, 24 Jan 2017there's talk that samsung is contemplating refurbishing the note 7 and selling at a much lower... moreWould rather just wait for the note 8. It's going to be even more of an upgrade to the note 5. A refurbished note 7 would make little sense except for the impatient.; Would rather just wait for the note 8. It's going to be even more of an upgrade to the note 5. A refurbished note 7 would make little sense except for the impatient.
Samsung must consider bringing a Stylus aspect of the Notes. The New Note does have and I'm considering going to LG, just because of the Stylus.; Samsung must consider bringing a Stylus aspect of the Notes. The New Note does have and I'm considering going to LG, just because of the Stylus.
I suggest that Samsung produce a replacement batteries then doing software update for the remainimg note 7 devices that are still being used in differant countries and this to be done only by authorized Samsung mobile dealers according to note 7 users orders; I suggest that Samsung produce a replacement batteries then doing software update for the remainimg note 7 devices that are still being used in differant countries and this to be done only by authorized Samsung mobile dealers according to note 7 users orders
there's talk that samsung is contemplating refurbishing the note 7 and selling at a much lower price. ill be waiting for this to materialize and will definitely buy that refurbished note 7. i had my note 7 for a month then had to return due to the recall and i am missing my note 7. do hope samsung considers that option im sure a lot will also buy the refurbished note 7.; there's talk that samsung is contemplating refurbishing the note 7 and selling at a much lower price. ill be waiting for this to materialize and will definitely buy that refurbished note 7. i had my note 7 for a month then had to return due to the recall and i am missing my note 7. do hope samsung considers that option im sure a lot will also buy the refurbished note 7.
Imperator Neubaticus, 15 Jan 2017I sound like a broken record. Wait for the official investigation result. If it happens to be ... moreWell, well, well... It's official. The battery was at fault. First batch, squashed battery plates at the end, since the battery compartment that had no extra space. Second batch had punctured stapling. D*mn straight it was battery related.
 
 You leave the internet forever.; Well, well, well... It's official. The battery was at fault. First batch, squashed battery plates at the end, since the battery compartment that had no extra space. Second batch had punctured stapling. D*mn straight it was battery related.; You leave the internet forever.
Imperator Neubaticus, 15 Jan 2017I sound like a broken record. Wait for the official investigation result. If it happens to be ... moreTurns out it was related to the battery after all. So are you going to leave the internet forever, now?; Turns out it was related to the battery after all. So are you going to leave the internet forever, now?
http://www.samsung.com/global/galaxy/galaxy-stor­y/note7-press-conference-detail/
Alvi hasan, 08 Jan 2017Samsung Galaxy Note 7 Is the Best phone of all Samsung and all over the world in most beautifu... moreWell, Samsung is not that good actually that good. There are plenty phones are better than Samsung.; Well, Samsung is not that good actually that good. There are plenty phones are better than Samsung.
Imperator Neubaticus, 15 Jan 2017I sound like a broken record. Wait for the official investigation result. If it happens to be ... moreThe exploding ingredients are the chemicals of the battery. The battery is the one exploding. It doesn't take a genius. The tightness with no wiggle space pressures the battery when it expands from heat generated from heavy use and abuses of fast charging.
 
 I'll be keeping my Note 3 a lot longer than I thought I would be. The battery tech of a removable battery, and sealed one are the SAME. For the last 3 years, all of my 6 original Note 3 batteries have expanded outwards, due to very heavy use. Then imagine that happening inside a sealed battery device. 
 
 The removable battery system is very practical and much more efficient.
 
 1. Better battery cycling and thereby longer life.
 
 2. Seconds to get a full charge back than wait 2 hours to charge.
 
 3. No need to carry the charger or a heavier power bank.
 
 4. You have a choice of a third party extended battery, even trippling the capacity.
 
 5. Safer to charge on a cradle than on the device as about 10% of batteries have chances to be unstable.
 
 
 6. Reduces the chances of theft while charging outside the house.
 
 7. An extra battery is smaller and thinner to carry inside your pocket.
 
 8. When your battery finally gives up, you just buy a new one.
 
 9. No need to pay for more expensive internal battery and wait for days to have it installed.
 
 10. Your device becomes practically wireless without the need to plug in via the micro USB most of the time if you just charge the spent battery via the battery cradle.; The exploding ingredients are the chemicals of the battery. The battery is the one exploding. It doesn't take a genius. The tightness with no wiggle space pressures the battery when it expands from heat generated from heavy use and abuses of fast charging.; I'll be keeping my Note 3 a lot longer than I thought I would be. The battery tech of a removable battery, and sealed one are the SAME. For the last 3 years, all of my 6 original Note 3 batteries have expanded outwards, due to very heavy use. Then imagine that happening inside a sealed battery device.; The removable battery system is very practical and much more efficient.; 1. Better battery cycling and thereby longer life.; 2. Seconds to get a full charge back than wait 2 hours to charge.; 3. No need to carry the charger or a heavier power bank.; 4. You have a choice of a third party extended battery, even trippling the capacity.; 5. Safer to charge on a cradle than on the device as about 10% of batteries have chances to be unstable.; 6. Reduces the chances of theft while charging outside the house.; 7. An extra battery is smaller and thinner to carry inside your pocket.; 8. When your battery finally gives up, you just buy a new one.; 9. No need to pay for more expensive internal battery and wait for days to have it installed.; 10. Your device becomes practically wireless without the need to plug in via the micro USB most of the time if you just charge the spent battery via the battery cradle.
DNeighbor, 08 Jan 2017If the Note7 had no problems with exploding batteries, then explain why Samsung STOPPED all pr... moreI sound like a broken record. Wait for the official investigation result. If it happens to be not related to the battery, then leave the internet forever.; I sound like a broken record. Wait for the official investigation result. If it happens to be not related to the battery, then leave the internet forever.
Alvi hasan, 08 Jan 2017Samsung Galaxy Note 7 Is the Best phone of all Samsung and all over the world in most beautifu... morePlease verify your Note7 i think you baught Chines Copy phone :-P because all world returns Note 7 to Samsung with its deadly battery blast prob :-P; Please verify your Note7 i think you baught Chines Copy phone :-P because all world returns Note 7 to Samsung with its deadly battery blast prob :-P
Alvi hasan, 08 Jan 2017Samsung Galaxy Note 7 Is the Best phone of all Samsung and all over the world in most beautifu... moreI agree, however it had one very explosive problem. I had it for 45 days until I had to return it.; I agree, however it had one very explosive problem. I had it for 45 days until I had to return it.
DNeighbor, 08 Jan 2017If the Note7 had no problems with exploding batteries, then explain why Samsung STOPPED all pr... moreSamsung Galaxy Note 7 Is the Best phone of all Samsung and all over the world in most beautiful handset is Galaxy Note 7 I love Samsung Mobile Phone Always........&#128154;&#128155;&#12­8156;; Samsung Galaxy Note 7 Is the Best phone of all Samsung and all over the world in most beautiful handset is Galaxy Note 7 I love Samsung Mobile Phone Always........&#128154;&#128155;&#12­8156;
Imperator Neubaticus, 08 Jan 2017The sealed battery is not the problem. It never was. Otherwise, you wouldn't be as confident b... moreIf the Note7 had no problems with exploding batteries, then explain why Samsung STOPPED all production and sales?
 
 Now we have reports of S6, S7 and iPhones exploding.; If the Note7 had no problems with exploding batteries, then explain why Samsung STOPPED all production and sales?; Now we have reports of S6, S7 and iPhones exploding.
DNeighbor, 07 Jan 2017Yes, NOTHING comes close to what the Note7 had. Since my telco had no stocks of 256 GB iPhone ... moreThe sealed battery is not the problem. It never was. Otherwise, you wouldn't be as confident buying virtually every other flagship currently in the market, not to mention the iphones, which always had sealed batteries.; The sealed battery is not the problem. It never was. Otherwise, you wouldn't be as confident buying virtually every other flagship currently in the market, not to mention the iphones, which always had sealed batteries.
whitedragon, 07 Jan 2017brilliant - wish I'd held out hope for THAT solution. (was written as a reply to a comment by... moreYes, NOTHING comes close to what the Note7 had. Since my telco had no stocks of 256 GB iPhone 7 Plus, I'm not pushing it. Note 3 with 10,000 mAh still gets me through the day without charging to I get home.
 
 I'm waiting for better devices they should never explode. I'll wait a few MONTHS to see what happens before getting anything with a sealed battery.; Yes, NOTHING comes close to what the Note7 had. Since my telco had no stocks of 256 GB iPhone 7 Plus, I'm not pushing it. Note 3 with 10,000 mAh still gets me through the day without charging to I get home.; I'm waiting for better devices they should never explode. I'll wait a few MONTHS to see what happens before getting anything with a sealed battery.
brilliant - wish I'd held out hope for THAT solution. (was written as a reply to a comment by ReazDipu where they flashed the ROM and kept the phone intact!!)
 
 (when my first Note 7 got the battery limiting update, I returned it, albeit unwillingly. When I knew the second 'batch' would get the same lockdown, or worse, after global recall, I handed it back unwillingly)
 
 The sales rep at my local telco store insisted that the iPhone7 Plus was the closest equivalent (other than the S7's)- to which I replied "No- nothing comes close".
 
 Having used the Note 7 extensively for several months, it is the best phone the world had as yet seen.
 And an A8 with a stylus isn't the same thing (or whatever stopgap comes to market shortly; it is a VERY different beast).
 
 Haven't seen a camera module or screen come close to touching it, and as for weatherproofing and the cool stuff the stylus could do (translate, animated gifs etc...).. won't go back to using my older Notes...
 
 Kinda lost all love for mobile phone tech since having had this beautiful beast. (twice)
 
 Got the smallest phone I could find at the telco.. If I couldn't have the features I might as well have 'convenience'. (in this instance being a tiny form factor with a lot of battery life and none of the android/telco/specific model phone update issues that kept my Note 4 often ten months behind present security updates....); brilliant - wish I'd held out hope for THAT solution. (was written as a reply to a comment by ReazDipu where they flashed the ROM and kept the phone intact!!); (when my first Note 7 got the battery limiting update, I returned it, albeit unwillingly. When I knew the second 'batch' would get the same lockdown, or worse, after global recall, I handed it back unwillingly); The sales rep at my local telco store insisted that the iPhone7 Plus was the closest equivalent (other than the S7's)- to which I replied "No- nothing comes close".; Having used the Note 7 extensively for several months, it is the best phone the world had as yet seen.; And an A8 with a stylus isn't the same thing (or whatever stopgap comes to market shortly; it is a VERY different beast).; Haven't seen a camera module or screen come close to touching it, and as for weatherproofing and the cool stuff the stylus could do (translate, animated gifs etc...).. won't go back to using my older Notes...; Kinda lost all love for mobile phone tech since having had this beautiful beast. (twice); Got the smallest phone I could find at the telco.. If I couldn't have the features I might as well have 'convenience'. (in this instance being a tiny form factor with a lot of battery life and none of the android/telco/specific model phone update issues that kept my Note 4 often ten months behind present security updates....)
hi any note coming soon after note5 r it full stop for note phone; hi any note coming soon after note5 r it full stop for note phone
ReazDipu, 25 Dec 2016Still using my note 7 from the begining. Two updates made me sad. But i escape from that and s... moreHmmm...you made me jealous:p; Hmmm...you made me jealous:p
hmmm... Exynos?; hmmm... Exynos?
Metal, 27 Dec 2016not a cool phone,it's too hot while charging toooo hot!!!Simply charge it via computer using the sub cord. Stays cool all the way to 100 percent. Takes a little longer.; Simply charge it via computer using the sub cord. Stays cool all the way to 100 percent. Takes a little longer.
not a cool phone,it's too hot while charging toooo hot!!!; not a cool phone,it's too hot while charging toooo hot!!!
Vijay Bang, 11 Dec 2016None of a single phablet in the market is close to the Samsung Galaxy Note 7. Because of some... moreNo refund? Thats tough, mate.; No refund? Thats tough, mate.
Still using my note 7 from the begining. Two updates made me sad. But i escape from that and still now i am using my note 7 with 100% battery by changing the ROM. I am so glad and happy. It makes us feel good when we keep something but thats not available :P; Still using my note 7 from the begining. Two updates made me sad. But i escape from that and still now i am using my note 7 with 100% battery by changing the ROM. I am so glad and happy. It makes us feel good when we keep something but thats not available :P
Can you use Nouget OS 7.0.3 beta 7.1 for Note & NF-F3521; Can you use Nouget OS 7.0.3 beta 7.1 for Note & NF-F3521
JohnDavid9000, 16 Dec 2016I decided to keep my Note 7.Its features look to appealing to discard.And I used a package man... morelol; lol
Vijay Bang, 11 Dec 2016None of a single phablet in the market is close to the Samsung Galaxy Note 7. Because of some... moreWhy don't you avail of the refund facility?; Why don't you avail of the refund facility?
JohnDavid9000, 16 Dec 2016I decided to keep my Note 7.Its features look to appealing to discard.And I used a package man... moreI can understand. Even I am a fan of Note 7...Now I have one S7E. But Note is Note as I'm writing everywhere..
 
 Note 8 again a year...So I may go along with Note 5 with S7E keeping in my pocket.; I can understand. Even I am a fan of Note 7...Now I have one S7E. But Note is Note as I'm writing everywhere..; Note 8 again a year...So I may go along with Note 5 with S7E keeping in my pocket.
I decided to keep my Note 7.Its features look to appealing to discard.And I used a package manager to stop the brick update coming soon. I think I'll keep this phone (all data backed up to the cloud), until it EXPLODES !!!!; I decided to keep my Note 7.Its features look to appealing to discard.And I used a package manager to stop the brick update coming soon. I think I'll keep this phone (all data backed up to the cloud), until it EXPLODES !!!!
[deleted post]what the hell are you asking for; what the hell are you asking for
Now that samsung know that people love the dual curve design, they should just blow the note 8 to a full 6 inch screen. It will still be narrower than any 6 inch device out there yet wide enough to accomodate even a 4000mah battery without squeezing it too much hence the explosions. Cheers!; Now that samsung know that people love the dual curve design, they should just blow the note 8 to a full 6 inch screen. It will still be narrower than any 6 inch device out there yet wide enough to accomodate even a 4000mah battery without squeezing it too much hence the explosions. Cheers!
Skyjai, 11 Dec 2016I was a Samsung fan. I have used Note 1,2,3,4. This time I bought my note 7 in Vancouver, Cana... moreHi,
 don't worry i also had the same thing but in the end someone called me back so just stay calm and someone will get back to you..; Hi,; don't worry i also had the same thing but in the end someone called me back so just stay calm and someone will get back to you..
[deleted post]What phone?; What phone?
Skyjai, 11 Dec 2016I was a Samsung fan. I have used Note 1,2,3,4. This time I bought my note 7 in Vancouver, Cana... moreTough luck brah. I got my money back in 3 just 3 days after surredering my unit. Keep pestering them. You deserve your money back. Preferably with consolation.; Tough luck brah. I got my money back in 3 just 3 days after surredering my unit. Keep pestering them. You deserve your money back. Preferably with consolation.
None of a single phablet in the market is close to the Samsung Galaxy Note 7.
 Because of some non-sense rumors, Samsung decided to exchange these phablets without considering users monetary losses.
 
 In a simple way Samsung Galaxy Note 7 when purchased it was CAD1050 + Tax
 for 64GB inbuilt memory and 256GB expandable slot.
 
 Now what they are offering as exchange is Galaxy S7 Edge, which has current market price is CAD900+Tax for 32GB inbuilt memory and 200gb expandable slot.
 
 Now in the exchange offer what Samsung is offering is Galaxy S7 Edge + CAD100
 in other word less memory internal/external and CAD900+CAD100=CAD 1000
 
 If they care about customer security then why should customer has to suffer price loss and quality difference by losing extra CAD150 from their own pocket. (CAD100 for loss of 32GB internal memory and CAD50 is the net loss if they exchange Note 7 to Galaxy S7 Edge)
 
 Now my honest request to Samsung as loyal customer is, 
 we all are happy with Note 7 with our own risk but we all also want to support the law, by returning this Mandatory recall of Note 7 in the exchange of nether money nor by downgrading our phones, but in the exchange of the credit Voucher which should be exchanged with your next phablet release i.e. Note 8.
 
 I hope all I am asking is ethical solution where nobody lose anything.
 
 As a customer our right for the best phablet we love to have,
 and as Global company loyal customer base for the company. 
 
 Hope to hear very positive announcement from the Samsung in this matter.
 
 One more thing in South Korea Samsung already announced to exchange Note 7 with Note 8.
 So if it happens there then why note here...&#9786;
 
 Best Regards,
 Vijay Bang; None of a single phablet in the market is close to the Samsung Galaxy Note 7.; Because of some non-sense rumors, Samsung decided to exchange these phablets without considering users monetary losses.; In a simple way Samsung Galaxy Note 7 when purchased it was CAD1050 + Tax; for 64GB inbuilt memory and 256GB expandable slot.; Now what they are offering as exchange is Galaxy S7 Edge, which has current market price is CAD900+Tax for 32GB inbuilt memory and 200gb expandable slot.; Now in the exchange offer what Samsung is offering is Galaxy S7 Edge + CAD100; in other word less memory internal/external and CAD900+CAD100=CAD 1000; If they care about customer security then why should customer has to suffer price loss and quality difference by losing extra CAD150 from their own pocket. (CAD100 for loss of 32GB internal memory and CAD50 is the net loss if they exchange Note 7 to Galaxy S7 Edge); Now my honest request to Samsung as loyal customer is,; we all are happy with Note 7 with our own risk but we all also want to support the law, by returning this Mandatory recall of Note 7 in the exchange of nether money nor by downgrading our phones, but in the exchange of the credit Voucher which should be exchanged with your next phablet release i.e. Note 8.; I hope all I am asking is ethical solution where nobody lose anything.; As a customer our right for the best phablet we love to have,; and as Global company loyal customer base for the company.; Hope to hear very positive announcement from the Samsung in this matter.; One more thing in South Korea Samsung already announced to exchange Note 7 with Note 8.; So if it happens there then why note here...&#9786;; Best Regards,; Vijay Bang
kerginaldo, 28 Nov 2016I agree with you my Friend.Almost 3 millions Note 7 distributed and misterously almost 100 bur... moreI know right?; I know right?
I was a Samsung fan. I have used Note 1,2,3,4. This time I bought my note 7 in Vancouver, Canada when it released in the first day. I travel alot between Hong Kong and Vancouver. When the news announced Hong Kong airport bans Samsung Galaxy Note 7 on all flights to and from city, I was unable to bring it back to Vancouver to refund my note 7. I had no choice so I refunded my note 7 in Hong Kong on Nov 6. I have waited for more than a month and I still haven't gotten any call back about my money back. They just took back the phone without giving my money back. I'm very disappointed about the call center. I called them 3 times and keep saying people will contact me shortly but none contact me at all. 
 Please don't buy Samsung product anymore.
 Worst service ever.; I was a Samsung fan. I have used Note 1,2,3,4. This time I bought my note 7 in Vancouver, Canada when it released in the first day. I travel alot between Hong Kong and Vancouver. When the news announced Hong Kong airport bans Samsung Galaxy Note 7 on all flights to and from city, I was unable to bring it back to Vancouver to refund my note 7. I had no choice so I refunded my note 7 in Hong Kong on Nov 6. I have waited for more than a month and I still haven't gotten any call back about my money back. They just took back the phone without giving my money back. I'm very disappointed about the call center. I called them 3 times and keep saying people will contact me shortly but none contact me at all.; Please don't buy Samsung product anymore.; Worst service ever.
Imperator Neubaticus, 10 Dec 2016Goodbye dear note 7 :(why did you have to explode my dear friend; why did you have to explode my dear friend
Goodbye dear note 7 :(; Goodbye dear note 7 :(
Ebby, 29 Nov 2016I have no problem with my Samsung Galaxy Note 7 at all. Its a superb mobile in all its functio... morenot for much longer they switching them off..........bye felicia; not for much longer they switching them off..........bye felicia
use this phone for 4 hours with internet and boom !!!
 
 phone blast; use this phone for 4 hours with internet and boom !!!; phone blast
Where is Note, 07 Dec 2016Man!!! More a Year??? ....huhhhhhhhhSay goodbye to Canada Note7!; Say goodbye to Canada Note7!
Samsungfanboy, 07 Dec 2016Late september 2017. It will be similar to the note 7 but with some new features of course! Th... moreMan!!! More a Year??? ....huhhhhhhhh; Man!!! More a Year??? ....huhhhhhhhh
Where is Note, 01 Dec 2016After great Note7 my story is stuck in between these two questions ( lol) : 1.Anyone using n... moreLate september 2017. It will be similar to the note 7 but with some new features of course! The only thing I know for sure is that the phone will be 0.8-1mm thick,a better iris scaner. Galaxy s8 and s8 edge will be released early 2017 (I think February-mars). Gonna buy the note 8. Love the 5.7 inch display.; Late september 2017. It will be similar to the note 7 but with some new features of course! The only thing I know for sure is that the phone will be 0.8-1mm thick,a better iris scaner. Galaxy s8 and s8 edge will be released early 2017 (I think February-mars). Gonna buy the note 8. Love the 5.7 inch display.
Samsung has to remember the time when they were king of phones aka smartphones, fast reliable machines. In latest few generations they keep toying with microSD or no replaceable battery. Samsung keep something in mind: your are where you are because your phones were smart and expandable (microSD and battery could be replaced) - without these qualities a Galaxy is just a simple iPhone aka not interested !!!; Samsung has to remember the time when they were king of phones aka smartphones, fast reliable machines. In latest few generations they keep toying with microSD or no replaceable battery. Samsung keep something in mind: your are where you are because your phones were smart and expandable (microSD and battery could be replaced) - without these qualities a Galaxy is just a simple iPhone aka not interested !!!
JohnNy L, 01 Dec 2016I am so happy for Samsung. My Story.... Last year I got a S6 Edge when I was in Africa and... morehaha karma!; haha karma!
Not buying any phone if the battery can't be replaced cheap. After two years those phones will be worthless. Who will buy a used phone with battery dying and can't be replaced because it's glued? I'm keeping my Note 4. Screw you Samsung.; Not buying any phone if the battery can't be replaced cheap. After two years those phones will be worthless. Who will buy a used phone with battery dying and can't be replaced because it's glued? I'm keeping my Note 4. Screw you Samsung.
I still have my note 7 and it works great!.. 
 beats any phone out there! ;); I still have my note 7 and it works great!..; beats any phone out there! ;)
I am so happy for Samsung.
 My Story....
 
 Last year I got a S6 Edge when I was in Africa and then the next day I came to India.
 
 Upon begining to use the device I realized the display is getting hairline scratches just by keeping it in a pocket without any keys or any sharp objects. Latter I checked on google and learnt itz a known issue with 20% S6 Edge device.
 
 I contacted Smsung Service Centre in India and they were not willing to help claiming that I have to contact Samsung Africa.
 
 That has upset me to the core. I am not going back to Afrixa so how can I contact them. 
 
 I stuck a tamper glass and the flip case to prevent further damage. I hate tamper glass on my phone.
 
 After few weeks I realized battery drain issue. Till now I have to charge the phone 3 times a day.
 
 Samsung did not help me fix my US $760 phone and now they had a loss of billion $ for the Note7. Serves them just right.
 
 I am happy with my iphone 7 plus. S6 edge is just a secondary phone..; I am so happy for Samsung.; My Story....; Last year I got a S6 Edge when I was in Africa and then the next day I came to India.; Upon begining to use the device I realized the display is getting hairline scratches just by keeping it in a pocket without any keys or any sharp objects. Latter I checked on google and learnt itz a known issue with 20% S6 Edge device.; I contacted Smsung Service Centre in India and they were not willing to help claiming that I have to contact Samsung Africa.; That has upset me to the core. I am not going back to Afrixa so how can I contact them.; I stuck a tamper glass and the flip case to prevent further damage. I hate tamper glass on my phone.; After few weeks I realized battery drain issue. Till now I have to charge the phone 3 times a day.; Samsung did not help me fix my US $760 phone and now they had a loss of billion $ for the Note7. Serves them just right.; I am happy with my iphone 7 plus. S6 edge is just a secondary phone..
After great Note7 my story is stuck in between these two questions ( lol) :
 1.Anyone using note 5 please post here if u r getting anything new Spen update.Will it get the update?
 
 2.Any idea when Note 8 is coming?..; After great Note7 my story is stuck in between these two questions ( lol) :; 1.Anyone using note 5 please post here if u r getting anything new Spen update.Will it get the update?; 2.Any idea when Note 8 is coming?..
kub, 30 Nov 2016i am keeping mine in germany no problems no heat just fine no updates by package disabler by... moreGood luck to you my friend ahaha you've been warned :D; Good luck to you my friend ahaha you've been warned :D
Where is Note, 29 Nov 2016Hundred percent agree. I'm missing note so much and out of many confusing News from here and t... morei am keeping mine in germany no problems
 no heat just fine
 no updates by package disabler by samsung
 still love my note7; i am keeping mine in germany no problems; no heat just fine; no updates by package disabler by samsung; still love my note7
Anonymous, 28 Nov 2016Not onlu 100, 100s of unpublished note 7 burnings were happening . That's why Samsung was boun... morewhere do you have the information about
 hundreds if this was not published?; where do you have the information about; hundreds if this was not published?
Skelp1, 24 Nov 2016After the s7? Cmon the note 7 bliws away the s7 even though they share processors the grace ui... moreJust root your note 7 with hydo to get it back to 100% charge &#128077; its easy and well worth it; Just root your note 7 with hydo to get it back to 100% charge &#128077; its easy and well worth it
Still using my note 7 now and loving it :) funny how 87% of the note 7s that caught fire were from America hahaha nothing wrong with my note 7 running a rooted hydro, best phone bar none; Still using my note 7 now and loving it :) funny how 87% of the note 7s that caught fire were from America hahaha nothing wrong with my note 7 running a rooted hydro, best phone bar none
Imperator Neubaticus, 29 Nov 2016Some days i find myself randomly missing my note 7. It was such a great phone.Best phone ever!; Best phone ever!
Where is Note, 29 Nov 2016Hundred percent agree. I'm missing note so much and out of many confusing News from here and t... moreHaha...y'all got suckered. I kept mines and watched it closely to see if it would ever get hot and not once have I had any problems. BEST PHONE EVER!!; Haha...y'all got suckered. I kept mines and watched it closely to see if it would ever get hot and not once have I had any problems. BEST PHONE EVER!!
Imperator Neubaticus, 29 Nov 2016Some days i find myself randomly missing my note 7. It was such a great phone.Hundred percent agree. I'm missing note so much and out of many confusing News from here and there got even more confused... so now wanna buy a note 5.AS SERIOUSLY NO IDEA ABOUT NOTE 8!
 
 Note 7 just was nearly A Complete phone.I actually no needed to compromise anything for that phone.Loved it.; Hundred percent agree. I'm missing note so much and out of many confusing News from here and there got even more confused... so now wanna buy a note 5.AS SERIOUSLY NO IDEA ABOUT NOTE 8!; Note 7 just was nearly A Complete phone.I actually no needed to compromise anything for that phone.Loved it.
Some days i find myself randomly missing my note 7. It was such a great phone.; Some days i find myself randomly missing my note 7. It was such a great phone.
I have no problem with my Samsung Galaxy Note 7 at all. Its a superb mobile in all its functions. I sincerely believe what we had heard about a dozen or so mobile burning in the USA is either a bunch of bad products made from a specific factory or a mixture of that and a deliberate and over blown out trade war by Samsung rivalries in the USA. I have my Note 7 and is working nicely! Bought it since April 2016, NO PROBLEMS at all! Thumb up, Samsung!; I have no problem with my Samsung Galaxy Note 7 at all. Its a superb mobile in all its functions. I sincerely believe what we had heard about a dozen or so mobile burning in the USA is either a bunch of bad products made from a specific factory or a mixture of that and a deliberate and over blown out trade war by Samsung rivalries in the USA. I have my Note 7 and is working nicely! Bought it since April 2016, NO PROBLEMS at all! Thumb up, Samsung!
kerginaldo, 28 Nov 2016I agree with you my Friend.Almost 3 millions Note 7 distributed and misterously almost 100 bur... moreNot onlu 100, 100s of unpublished note 7 burnings were happening . That's why Samsung was bound to kill note 7. To not loss it's quality reputation. Note 7 was a black spot in Samsung's long time quality standards.; Not onlu 100, 100s of unpublished note 7 burnings were happening . That's why Samsung was bound to kill note 7. To not loss it's quality reputation. Note 7 was a black spot in Samsung's long time quality standards.
Anonymous, 28 Nov 2016yes even i bought Note 5 after Note 7 fiasco. Couldn't wait for another year for NoteCool; Cool
Where is Note, 27 Nov 2016Some good news getting about note 5( grace ux and spen).Well when Note 8 will come? Is it comi... moreyes even i bought Note 5 after Note 7 fiasco. Couldn't wait for another year for Note; yes even i bought Note 5 after Note 7 fiasco. Couldn't wait for another year for Note
Note7 Fanboy, 23 Nov 2016It was a conspiracy my friend i am using one too :DI agree with you my Friend.Almost 3 millions Note 7 distributed and misterously almost 100 burn.Very very strange.A conspiracy with the press envolved. Who paid for press and sabotage of Note 7?Maybe we never will to know. ..; I agree with you my Friend.Almost 3 millions Note 7 distributed and misterously almost 100 burn.Very very strange.A conspiracy with the press envolved. Who paid for press and sabotage of Note 7?Maybe we never will to know. ..
Some good news getting about note 5( grace ux and spen).Well when Note 8 will come? Is it coming early or usual?...Missing Spen...Now will it be worthy to buy one Note 5(as note 7 gap is there)?...
 
 PS: have one S7 EDGE. But missing Note!..Bit confused. I sure wanna buy UPCOMING NOTE.But if it's taking a year I would like to go by Note 5.; Some good news getting about note 5( grace ux and spen).Well when Note 8 will come? Is it coming early or usual?...Missing Spen...Now will it be worthy to buy one Note 5(as note 7 gap is there)?...; PS: have one S7 EDGE. But missing Note!..Bit confused. I sure wanna buy UPCOMING NOTE.But if it's taking a year I would like to go by Note 5.
Its very good butt battery issue please put 2 batteries on every single note.; Its very good butt battery issue please put 2 batteries on every single note.
good phone but only use Exynos...and one thing..wait for S8 Dream & Dream 2 next quarter year..; good phone but only use Exynos...and one thing..wait for S8 Dream & Dream 2 next quarter year..
Hi Samsung - CEO,
 
 Sir - When r u relies "Another Note Series" i am waiting for it. Pls produce like old stuff to remove the Batter and SIM with the advance futures....
 
 Thks; Hi Samsung - CEO,; Sir - When r u relies "Another Note Series" i am waiting for it. Pls produce like old stuff to remove the Batter and SIM with the advance futures....; Thks
Where is Note, 24 Nov 2016Thanks. Well I waited a lot for that Note 7.now it's gone! U have no idea ,I can't have a phon... moreI agree. I've been waiting long enough for the Note 7 (skipping 4 & 5), and now it appears I have to wait another year... I have S7 at the moment but I miss the S-Pen and its features.; I agree. I've been waiting long enough for the Note 7 (skipping 4 & 5), and now it appears I have to wait another year... I have S7 at the moment but I miss the S-Pen and its features.
Thanks. Well I waited a lot for that Note 7.now it's gone! U have no idea ,I can't have a phone that I can find myself to be satisfied with! It's my personal opinion..
 
 How long then should I wait for the next one? Don't know! But it's really very disappointing. 
 
 Dear Samsung, for all the Note 7 lovers, Atleast give an official confirmation that it's future brother is coming soon!..
 
 Well as I believe I'm just waiting again to go and grab the next one...Now it's already been a long time for me...Which is nothing but a mixed feeling of confusion,impatience ..But still waiting.Belive many doing same around the world...
 
 Still ready for to buy the next one!!Better say, can't wait to buy the next one!
 
 So only question is : HOW LONG??; Thanks. Well I waited a lot for that Note 7.now it's gone! U have no idea ,I can't have a phone that I can find myself to be satisfied with! It's my personal opinion..; How long then should I wait for the next one? Don't know! But it's really very disappointing.; Dear Samsung, for all the Note 7 lovers, Atleast give an official confirmation that it's future brother is coming soon!..; Well as I believe I'm just waiting again to go and grab the next one...Now it's already been a long time for me...Which is nothing but a mixed feeling of confusion,impatience ..But still waiting.Belive many doing same around the world...; Still ready for to buy the next one!!Better say, can't wait to buy the next one!; So only question is : HOW LONG??
Where is Note, 13 Nov 2016All replacement theories for Note 7 are wrong, except 1 Note 7 = 1 S7 edge + 1 Note 5...&... moreAgreed i would not take an s7e as a replacement. Maybe if they offered a 128g note 5 & the 250 cash plus what accessories ive bought id do it but atm im keeping my note7. Bezt pho e ever & thats why they decided to make sure it didnt dominate the market. The exploding thing is all crap. They can overheat just as any phone can. The battery can be made to catch fire if you abuse any phone. Funny the reports of fires stopped once it was pulled hey? Operation kill note 7 successful. They have almost proved it was a definite agenda by several scources to make sure the note 7 failed. So much ahead of other phones on the market.such a shame to think of them all getting destroyed. Id kill for a 128g 6gram version from china though.; Agreed i would not take an s7e as a replacement. Maybe if they offered a 128g note 5 & the 250 cash plus what accessories ive bought id do it but atm im keeping my note7. Bezt pho e ever & thats why they decided to make sure it didnt dominate the market. The exploding thing is all crap. They can overheat just as any phone can. The battery can be made to catch fire if you abuse any phone. Funny the reports of fires stopped once it was pulled hey? Operation kill note 7 successful. They have almost proved it was a definite agenda by several scources to make sure the note 7 failed. So much ahead of other phones on the market.such a shame to think of them all getting destroyed. Id kill for a 128g 6gram version from china though.
NODDY STAR, 17 Nov 2016it will be the best phone after the galaxy s7After the s7? Cmon the note 7 bliws away the s7 even though they share processors the grace ui on n7 & all the extra features on touchwiz & s pen make it leaps &bounds Bove the s7e. I will be holding on to my exy version. It was only killed off tto szve samsung mobile from being banned on flights. There was a lot of dodgey claims of fires & verry convenient places to set one off to get media coverage like the plane etc. Its been proven there was a definate agenda to end the note & make sure media kelt up with the bad press. Supposed defective inits were probably abused in some way. My n7 never heats highest has been 38degrees c. Best phone ever by far. Willing to hold on to mine even at 60% battery as i purchased the back pack wiresess charging back.; After the s7? Cmon the note 7 bliws away the s7 even though they share processors the grace ui on n7 & all the extra features on touchwiz & s pen make it leaps &bounds Bove the s7e. I will be holding on to my exy version. It was only killed off tto szve samsung mobile from being banned on flights. There was a lot of dodgey claims of fires & verry convenient places to set one off to get media coverage like the plane etc. Its been proven there was a definate agenda to end the note & make sure media kelt up with the bad press. Supposed defective inits were probably abused in some way. My n7 never heats highest has been 38degrees c. Best phone ever by far. Willing to hold on to mine even at 60% battery as i purchased the back pack wiresess charging back.
djbigice, 17 Nov 2016My phone NOTE 7 works perfectly and does not heat. Just do not understand where it went crazy !?It was a conspiracy my friend i am using one too :D; It was a conspiracy my friend i am using one too :D
Sandip D, 01 Nov 2016I am still waiting for my Refund , i live in Dubai and i have made almost 20 follow up calls t... moreDon't deal with customer service get onto complaints department by phone call& email with a strong complaint also the governing body for telecommunications in your country; Don't deal with customer service get onto complaints department by phone call& email with a strong complaint also the governing body for telecommunications in your country
Sandip D, 02 Nov 2016I am not in India , i am living in Dubai. I call Samsung customer service today again . Got ... more1st you write or send an email to Samsung complaints department then you call your customer advice bureau for your country and get an appointment they will get in touch with Samsung also if you don't get dealt with them you email the governing body watchdog kind of authority you will get success also compensation for the time& worry they have caused you; 1st you write or send an email to Samsung complaints department then you call your customer advice bureau for your country and get an appointment they will get in touch with Samsung also if you don't get dealt with them you email the governing body watchdog kind of authority you will get success also compensation for the time& worry they have caused you
Alvi hasan, 17 Nov 2016Note 7 is the best phone of all Samsung phoneAgreed. I am indifferent to their other lines but the note 7 was the perfect phone. I have days when i miss my note 7 but at least i have a decent and cheaper placeholder in the j7 prime that i'm starting to grow fond of.; Agreed. I am indifferent to their other lines but the note 7 was the perfect phone. I have days when i miss my note 7 but at least i have a decent and cheaper placeholder in the j7 prime that i'm starting to grow fond of.
khader, 19 Nov 2016Note 7 when they update noguat the phone is discontinued.; the phone is discontinued.
Its sadly that note 7 opinions page is dead ;(; Its sadly that note 7 opinions page is dead ;(
Note 7 when they update noguat; Note 7 when they update noguat
DV, 17 Nov 2016This news cannot be right. I am a customer from Bahrain. Bahrain Samsung market handle by UAE.... moresame goes laptops,camera,printers to same warranty just shows quality of the company; same goes laptops,camera,printers to same warranty just shows quality of the company
Note 7 is the best phone of all Samsung phone; Note 7 is the best phone of all Samsung phone
Sandip D, 07 Nov 2016Well you are lucky then . I am sill waiting for my refund. It is 27th day and i have made over... moreThis news cannot be right. I am a customer from Bahrain. Bahrain Samsung market handle by UAE. They gave my full refund at the same time even though I handed over my phone in another country airport since I was on my vacation.; This news cannot be right. I am a customer from Bahrain. Bahrain Samsung market handle by UAE. They gave my full refund at the same time even though I handed over my phone in another country airport since I was on my vacation.
My phone NOTE 7 works perfectly and does not heat. Just do not understand where it went crazy !?; My phone NOTE 7 works perfectly and does not heat. Just do not understand where it went crazy !?
it will be the best phone after the galaxy s7; it will be the best phone after the galaxy s7
It's sad Samsung couldn't still figure out what caused the battery of Note 7 to burst into flames. My gut is telling me that it has more features then the battery could handle (not the battery's own problem as they have tried changing that and still the same problem). You know, just like a power strip with too many devices (or Amps) that could cause to heat the power strip to the point where it can catch fire. What do you say Sammy?!?! How about trying it with the battery of Note 5 as it is already tested to be free of such problem. Not sure if they the same mAh though??? Just a thought...; It's sad Samsung couldn't still figure out what caused the battery of Note 7 to burst into flames. My gut is telling me that it has more features then the battery could handle (not the battery's own problem as they have tried changing that and still the same problem). You know, just like a power strip with too many devices (or Amps) that could cause to heat the power strip to the point where it can catch fire. What do you say Sammy?!?! How about trying it with the battery of Note 5 as it is already tested to be free of such problem. Not sure if they the same mAh though??? Just a thought...
Caren, 12 Nov 2016God I hate Samsung now. How can I ever trust them again??Same happend to iphone, and u still trusting them?; Same happend to iphone, and u still trusting them?
Caren, 12 Nov 2016God I hate Samsung now. How can I ever trust them again??no matter what happened last month about the note7 ,, Samsung still stay the best company ever; no matter what happened last month about the note7 ,, Samsung still stay the best company ever
Why everybody hate Samsung ? Apple did like that iPhone blow the battery in China. Not just Samsung. I believe should NOT buy third party charger and wired cable!; Why everybody hate Samsung ? Apple did like that iPhone blow the battery in China. Not just Samsung. I believe should NOT buy third party charger and wired cable!
All replacement theories for Note 7 are wrong, except
 1 Note 7 = 1 S7 edge + 1 Note 5...&#9786; so buy both phones ! Hahaha.( still iris scanner missing).; All replacement theories for Note 7 are wrong, except; 1 Note 7 = 1 S7 edge + 1 Note 5...&#9786; so buy both phones ! Hahaha.( still iris scanner missing).
God I hate Samsung now. How can I ever trust them again??; God I hate Samsung now. How can I ever trust them again??
my girlfriend and i bought 2 note 7s in hongkong last september. we never had any issue whatsoever with the battery, wasnt even heating up to an alarming level and my gf plays a lot while surfing! we decided to return my note 7 and replaced it with a note 5. she's still using her note 7 without any kind of issue. im sorely missing my note 7! we might be returning to hk on december to return her note 7 because that might cause a delay when we travel due to the travel advisory issued on the banning on bringing a note 7 inside airplanes. i do hope the next note model will not have any issue as i really appreciate the functionality. note 7 was such a good phone.; my girlfriend and i bought 2 note 7s in hongkong last september. we never had any issue whatsoever with the battery, wasnt even heating up to an alarming level and my gf plays a lot while surfing! we decided to return my note 7 and replaced it with a note 5. she's still using her note 7 without any kind of issue. im sorely missing my note 7! we might be returning to hk on december to return her note 7 because that might cause a delay when we travel due to the travel advisory issued on the banning on bringing a note 7 inside airplanes. i do hope the next note model will not have any issue as i really appreciate the functionality. note 7 was such a good phone.
I've come to express my sadness at discontinuation of this sensational handset. I exchanged my Note 7 with the S7 Edge, which is not too bad but Note experience is different. I really miss my note and regret that the battery fiasco took away all the shine that his handset deserved. I cant wait for the next Note but really Note 7 was probably the best smartphone produced to date hence I miss it sorely :(; I've come to express my sadness at discontinuation of this sensational handset. I exchanged my Note 7 with the S7 Edge, which is not too bad but Note experience is different. I really miss my note and regret that the battery fiasco took away all the shine that his handset deserved. I cant wait for the next Note but really Note 7 was probably the best smartphone produced to date hence I miss it sorely :(
i am late to buy it, actually i want to buy it before it discontinue, regret..; i am late to buy it, actually i want to buy it before it discontinue, regret..
European cars are the worst in reliability, you seems never drove those crappy cars.
 Samsung is Lexus, that's a good analogy.; European cars are the worst in reliability, you seems never drove those crappy cars.; Samsung is Lexus, that's a good analogy.
had to downgrade from Note to S7 edge...its ok but i LOVED the Note....looking forward to Note 8!; had to downgrade from Note to S7 edge...its ok but i LOVED the Note....looking forward to Note 8!
boogieman, 09 Nov 2016There are no alternatives for this device in the markt and I need a phone !!! What to do ?Wait for the S8 unfortunately. Or you could just get a S7 in the meantime and sell that once the S8 is out.; Wait for the S8 unfortunately. Or you could just get a S7 in the meantime and sell that once the S8 is out.
so ill just go back to nokia 3310; so ill just go back to nokia 3310
There are no alternatives for this device in the markt and I need a phone !!! What to do ?; There are no alternatives for this device in the markt and I need a phone !!! What to do ?
Some reports say that samsung will release note 8 along side with the s8 in February 2017 snd others say that there will be a 5.7" S8 to cover the note 7 loss!; Some reports say that samsung will release note 8 along side with the s8 in February 2017 snd others say that there will be a 5.7" S8 to cover the note 7 loss!
Go for iPhone 7 plus; Go for iPhone 7 plus
Anonymous, 08 Nov 2016Did you notice how as soon as Note7 was cancelled, suddenly there are no more reports of explo... moreGo to sleep bro, you need it.; Go to sleep bro, you need it.
What is the kiloton rating of the Note7? It's not listed with the rest of the specs.; What is the kiloton rating of the Note7? It's not listed with the rest of the specs.
Did you notice how as soon as Note7 was cancelled, suddenly there are no more reports of exploding Note7s, even though a lot of them are still used because people won't return them?
 
 This is all very suspicious, as if somebody on purpose made a few phones explode and then paid the media to cover it extensively
 
 And the strangest of all, it happened to the best Samsung phone that would surely destroy all the competition this year.. And since it was the best phone, it also had the best quality control. Something like this was much more likely to happen to some cheaper phone, if it was really due to quality control
 
 But this was all orchestrated; Did you notice how as soon as Note7 was cancelled, suddenly there are no more reports of exploding Note7s, even though a lot of them are still used because people won't return them?; This is all very suspicious, as if somebody on purpose made a few phones explode and then paid the media to cover it extensively; And the strangest of all, it happened to the best Samsung phone that would surely destroy all the competition this year.. And since it was the best phone, it also had the best quality control. Something like this was much more likely to happen to some cheaper phone, if it was really due to quality control; But this was all orchestrated
When will be the Note 8( the next note I mean) ? Reports saw already S8 might be delayed till April. Will it launch in August - September ? Or may get delayed upto 2018 ?; When will be the Note 8( the next note I mean) ? Reports saw already S8 might be delayed till April. Will it launch in August - September ? Or may get delayed upto 2018 ?
Anonymous, 06 Nov 2016I returned my phone n now buying Iphone 7plus I bought 7 Plus because they killed Note7.....; I bought 7 Plus because they killed Note7.....
I think samsung should follow numerology as it skipped number 6 so that must be the reason for note 7 failure (burst)
 
 silly though!!!; I think samsung should follow numerology as it skipped number 6 so that must be the reason for note 7 failure (burst); silly though!!!
Vin, 06 Nov 2016I was really lucky. I got my note 7 the day they came out. Then 2 days later I dropped it and ... moreWell you are lucky then . I am sill waiting for my refund. It is 27th day and i have made over 20 calls to Samsung customer service. Yet the same response im getting " we will call you shortly " . I am utterly disappointed. Samsung UAE is the worst in customer service . They simply just don't care about customers; Well you are lucky then . I am sill waiting for my refund. It is 27th day and i have made over 20 calls to Samsung customer service. Yet the same response im getting " we will call you shortly " . I am utterly disappointed. Samsung UAE is the worst in customer service . They simply just don't care about customers
Anonymous, 05 Nov 2016Samsung is not comparable to mercedes. I think it's Apple = Mercedes Samsung = BMW HTC, Son... moreTry using those cars to call. LOL!; Try using those cars to call. LOL!
Anonymous, 06 Nov 2016I returned my phone n now buying Iphone 7plus Good decision!; Good decision!
I returned my phone n now buying Iphone 7plus; I returned my phone n now buying Iphone 7plus
Sandip D, 01 Nov 2016I am still waiting for my Refund , i live in Dubai and i have made almost 20 follow up calls t... moreI was really lucky. I got my note 7 the day they came out. Then 2 days later I dropped it and broke the screen. I called to get a new one through insurance bit they said they couldn't because it was recalled. So I went to t mobile and they told me to call samsung direct. I called samsung and they said they could fix it for $230 so I said ok and paid over the phone. Right before I sent it out I called samsung one more time to ask if I send it in with the s pen or not because they told me to take the SIM tray out too. Good thing I called because they told me they started an exchange program where I could go to my local t mobile and exchange my note 7 for a brand new one regardless of the condition including the broken screen. I guess they did this to avoid liability issues like if my phone burnt my house down it would cost them more then a phone. Also they gave me a 256 gb SD card for my troubles. The note 7 works great the iris scanner is cool and the built in optimization software keeps my phone running fast and alerts me as to what apps are draining my battery and by how much like it says Facebook is using %2.2 per hour. I've never experienced a better phone.; I was really lucky. I got my note 7 the day they came out. Then 2 days later I dropped it and broke the screen. I called to get a new one through insurance bit they said they couldn't because it was recalled. So I went to t mobile and they told me to call samsung direct. I called samsung and they said they could fix it for $230 so I said ok and paid over the phone. Right before I sent it out I called samsung one more time to ask if I send it in with the s pen or not because they told me to take the SIM tray out too. Good thing I called because they told me they started an exchange program where I could go to my local t mobile and exchange my note 7 for a brand new one regardless of the condition including the broken screen. I guess they did this to avoid liability issues like if my phone burnt my house down it would cost them more then a phone. Also they gave me a 256 gb SD card for my troubles. The note 7 works great the iris scanner is cool and the built in optimization software keeps my phone running fast and alerts me as to what apps are draining my battery and by how much like it says Facebook is using %2.2 per hour. I've never experienced a better phone.
I own a S7 EDGE, definitely good! But personally I prefer Note. Well personal choice For design I prefer Note 5.like it.; I own a S7 EDGE, definitely good! But personally I prefer Note. Well personal choice For design I prefer Note 5.like it.
Disappointing -_-; Disappointing -_-
S7 edge is best; S7 edge is best
Anonymous, 05 Nov 2016Samsung is not comparable to mercedes. I think it's Apple = Mercedes Samsung = BMW HTC, Son... moreSamsumg = Kia nuff said.; Samsumg = Kia nuff said.
Anonymous, 05 Nov 2016Samsung is not comparable to mercedes. I think it's Apple = Mercedes Samsung = BMW HTC, Son... morehahaha offcourse bmw is better than mercedes .. so bmw is not comparable to mercedes ..and crappy apple is just for crappy mercedes; hahaha offcourse bmw is better than mercedes .. so bmw is not comparable to mercedes ..and crappy apple is just for crappy mercedes
PG, 04 Nov 2016SAMSUNG JUST LOST ANOTHER FRIEND...... Got the Note 7 beginning September. Very thrilled to re... moreSamsung is not comparable to mercedes. I think it's
 Apple = Mercedes
 Samsung = BMW
 HTC, Sony = Audi; Samsung is not comparable to mercedes. I think it's; Apple = Mercedes; Samsung = BMW; HTC, Sony = Audi
Unreturned Samsung Galaxy Note7 units in New Zealand will soon be disconnected from mobile networks; Unreturned Samsung Galaxy Note7 units in New Zealand will soon be disconnected from mobile networks
PG, 04 Nov 2016SAMSUNG JUST LOST ANOTHER FRIEND...... Got the Note 7 beginning September. Very thrilled to re... moreWise choice mate, wise choice...; Wise choice mate, wise choice...
SAMSUNG JUST LOST ANOTHER FRIEND...... Got the Note 7 beginning September. Very thrilled to replace my Note 4 as the Note 5 was not available in Europe. Soon trouble began and was asked to ask for a replacement shortly after spending 2 days to personalize it. Then came the battery charging limitation to 60%. Bottom line, I accepted to have it replaced. Another 2 days to personalize it... Then came the new wave of horror. I refused to capitulate as my phone never gave trouble. And Samsung came back yet once more by reimposing the 60% battery charging limitation. At the same time other trouble started to appear such as a second screen imposed over the first one, loss of contacts in the memory cache, etc etc. Dont know if this was accidental..... Bottom line I decided to hand it over and get my money back after refusing the offer for an S7. After all who changes a Mercedes S series for an E series?!!!! My next choice: iphone 7 plus. Samsung just lost a long standing friend, so did Android; SAMSUNG JUST LOST ANOTHER FRIEND...... Got the Note 7 beginning September. Very thrilled to replace my Note 4 as the Note 5 was not available in Europe. Soon trouble began and was asked to ask for a replacement shortly after spending 2 days to personalize it. Then came the battery charging limitation to 60%. Bottom line, I accepted to have it replaced. Another 2 days to personalize it... Then came the new wave of horror. I refused to capitulate as my phone never gave trouble. And Samsung came back yet once more by reimposing the 60% battery charging limitation. At the same time other trouble started to appear such as a second screen imposed over the first one, loss of contacts in the memory cache, etc etc. Dont know if this was accidental..... Bottom line I decided to hand it over and get my money back after refusing the offer for an S7. After all who changes a Mercedes S series for an E series?!!!! My next choice: iphone 7 plus. Samsung just lost a long standing friend, so did Android
Samsung has inconsistent services depending on market. For example, in southeast asia, you can get a refund on the day you return your phone. I personally received mine after three days but that's not bad either. Other markets have it bad, though.; Samsung has inconsistent services depending on market. For example, in southeast asia, you can get a refund on the day you return your phone. I personally received mine after three days but that's not bad either. Other markets have it bad, though.
LAUNCH 
 Announced: 2016, August. Released 2016, September
 Status: Discontinued
 
 #EpicFail; LAUNCH; Announced: 2016, August. Released 2016, September; Status: Discontinued; #EpicFail
AnnA, 02 Nov 2016Shall i Submit My Handset or not...! Im scaredYou better submit and get your refund or replacement because it is recalled mobile . Even if your phone is ok you wont get any updates in future .; You better submit and get your refund or replacement because it is recalled mobile . Even if your phone is ok you wont get any updates in future .
This phone was a hot item for awhile but I'm kind of glad all the hype cooled down so we can really see what it's all about... &#128293;.; This phone was a hot item for awhile but I'm kind of glad all the hype cooled down so we can really see what it's all about... &#128293;.
AnnA, 02 Nov 2016Shall i Submit My Handset or not...! Im scaredyou have to because note 7 faild; you have to because note 7 faild
Sandip D, 02 Nov 2016I am not in India , i am living in Dubai. I call Samsung customer service today again . Got ... moreShall i Submit My Handset or not...!
 Im scared; Shall i Submit My Handset or not...!; Im scared
After the Recall Programme for Note 7 in India, I have submitted in Samsung Service Center by September end. See it is November Still there is no response samsung even after many calls to customer careÂ…. It was bought from DubaiÂ… Wrost service SamsungÂ… Poor Service in IndiaÂ… very very awkward service.. disguisting srvice in India...; After the Recall Programme for Note 7 in India, I have submitted in Samsung Service Center by September end. See it is November Still there is no response samsung even after many calls to customer careÂ…. It was bought from DubaiÂ… Wrost service SamsungÂ… Poor Service in IndiaÂ… very very awkward service.. disguisting srvice in India...
Anonymous, 01 Nov 2016I guess Samsung India is the horrible ones. Samsung in my country is good. Great services and ... moreI am not in India , i am living in Dubai. I call Samsung customer service today again . Got the same response again. "We will provide your refund next week " . So i have to wait for another week for nothing . I really don't know where to complain about it. Samsung Dubai don't care about customer at all. They are simply lying . Each and every call centre agents gave me false statements and commitments. Seems like they are simply giving false excuses to get rid of the calls . Most of the Call centre agents very harsh that they don't even left me speak to the higher authorities . I don't know how long i have to wait and i am sitting blind here for a a mess created by Samsung only .; I am not in India , i am living in Dubai. I call Samsung customer service today again . Got the same response again. "We will provide your refund next week " . So i have to wait for another week for nothing . I really don't know where to complain about it. Samsung Dubai don't care about customer at all. They are simply lying . Each and every call centre agents gave me false statements and commitments. Seems like they are simply giving false excuses to get rid of the calls . Most of the Call centre agents very harsh that they don't even left me speak to the higher authorities . I don't know how long i have to wait and i am sitting blind here for a a mess created by Samsung only .
I have been waiting a month,and Samsung Aust keep telling me "your order is still being processed " I asked will I have it before Christmas and the operator said "I can't give you a accurate time frame right now but please be assured your order is being processed"; I have been waiting a month,and Samsung Aust keep telling me "your order is still being processed " I asked will I have it before Christmas and the operator said "I can't give you a accurate time frame right now but please be assured your order is being processed"
Sandip D, 01 Nov 2016I am still waiting for my Refund , i live in Dubai and i have made almost 20 follow up calls t... moreI guess Samsung India is the horrible ones. Samsung in my country is good. Great services and friendly.; I guess Samsung India is the horrible ones. Samsung in my country is good. Great services and friendly.
I am still waiting for my Refund , i live in Dubai and i have made almost 20 follow up calls to the service centre . In simple , they just don't care . Every time i call , i am getting same response from all the call centre agents " we will call back soon " . I am without a phone for 21 days as my phone is with Samsung service centre as my device is faulty . They don't want to repair or return my device as Samsung officially recalled it. Being a customer of Samsung for more than 4 years and i have used all note series from Note 1 to Note 7, this is so disappointing . Worst and Worst customer service .; I am still waiting for my Refund , i live in Dubai and i have made almost 20 follow up calls to the service centre . In simple , they just don't care . Every time i call , i am getting same response from all the call centre agents " we will call back soon " . I am without a phone for 21 days as my phone is with Samsung service centre as my device is faulty . They don't want to repair or return my device as Samsung officially recalled it. Being a customer of Samsung for more than 4 years and i have used all note series from Note 1 to Note 7, this is so disappointing . Worst and Worst customer service .
afriandy yuanda , 31 Oct 2016the note 7 is dead nowReincarnated as Xiaomi Mi Note 2.; Reincarnated as Xiaomi Mi Note 2.
Lickit, 30 Oct 2016Those nitwits who still retain it, have suicide themselves. No return after 1st Nov, no refund... moreYou surely live in a hell hole and do not know about consumer support, that is, in the underworld you live for sure; You surely live in a hell hole and do not know about consumer support, that is, in the underworld you live for sure
arnobxperia, 03 Aug 2016stupid NOTE 7 , no innovation no nothing, THis is basically S7 EDGE+ with S-Pen. Noob samsung,... moreYour wish actually became true...lol; Your wish actually became true...lol
the note 7 is dead now; the note 7 is dead now
Jamaal, 31 Oct 2016NOTE 7 is dead gone, move on fellaz! Might as well look for another brand. due to this battery... moreAsus is good but their phone's battery lives suck. Service centers are few and far between as well. I'd go for asus if we talk about laptops and pc's but for mobiles, they're still low on my priority list. 
 
 Leagues above lg though.; Asus is good but their phone's battery lives suck. Service centers are few and far between as well. I'd go for asus if we talk about laptops and pc's but for mobiles, they're still low on my priority list.; Leagues above lg though.
NOTE 7 is dead gone, move on fellaz! Might as well look for another brand. due to this battery issue, Samsung is kinda hard to trust. I'd go with Asus now. The price is totally worth it! for sure samsung fans will go bananaz again thinking they know everything about phones. You guys dont even know who the CEO is without using google hahaha! bunch of try hard tech people. haha; NOTE 7 is dead gone, move on fellaz! Might as well look for another brand. due to this battery issue, Samsung is kinda hard to trust. I'd go with Asus now. The price is totally worth it! for sure samsung fans will go bananaz again thinking they know everything about phones. You guys dont even know who the CEO is without using google hahaha! bunch of try hard tech people. haha
TCool, 30 Oct 2016Note 7 is a big shame in front of the mighty Note 5.Note 7 and note 5 are shame in front of the beast note 4 &#1576;&#1586;&#1576;&#1586;&­;#1576;&#1586;&#1576;; Note 7 and note 5 are shame in front of the beast note 4 &#1576;&#1586;&#1576;&#1586;&­;#1576;&#1586;&#1576;
Lickit, 30 Oct 2016Those nitwits who still retain it, have suicide themselves. No return after 1st Nov, no refund... moreis a lie; is a lie
Those nitwits who still retain it, have suicide themselves. No return after 1st Nov, no refund, no resale, no updates, no overheating rectify. So you are left will 850plus dollar's junk.; Those nitwits who still retain it, have suicide themselves. No return after 1st Nov, no refund, no resale, no updates, no overheating rectify. So you are left will 850plus dollar's junk.
Note 7 is a big shame in front of the mighty Note 5.; Note 7 is a big shame in front of the mighty Note 5.
I want removable battery on Note 8....; I want removable battery on Note 8....
tis is very super telephone; tis is very super telephone
I personally do not have any problems with SGN7..as 
 it's just an idea for samsung to make an improvement prior to it precede (SGN5)..my only dissatisfaction is how they haven't still made amendments even after update.. their overheat system needs to be tempered and all other err to their production and they would certainly hit the top notch; I personally do not have any problems with SGN7..as; it's just an idea for samsung to make an improvement prior to it precede (SGN5)..my only dissatisfaction is how they haven't still made amendments even after update.. their overheat system needs to be tempered and all other err to their production and they would certainly hit the top notch
Status: Discontinued; Status: 	Discontinued
mir, 29 Oct 2016Sounds like you wont be contented either phone you buy. The 7 edge that you own is only less t... moreLol..note for upgrade actually, I'll not change my S7 edge at any cost. NO WAY!!!..Thats different story..I was talking about a PHONE ALONG WITH MY S7 EDGE. NOTE 5 isn't a upgrade also I believe from S7 edge. Thanks..
 
 I was waiting for that Note7( along with s7 edge) as I like Note and really liked that phone.But..now no more.So bit in problem .; Lol..note for upgrade actually, I'll not change my S7 edge at any cost. NO WAY!!!..Thats different story..I was talking about a PHONE ALONG WITH MY S7 EDGE. NOTE 5 isn't a upgrade also I believe from S7 edge. Thanks..; I was waiting for that Note7( along with s7 edge) as I like Note and really liked that phone.But..now no more.So bit in problem .
Where is Note, 28 Oct 2016Well I have one s7 edge...I was so much eager to get that Note7...Well story is over for that ... moreSounds like you wont be contented either phone you buy. The 7 edge that you own is only less than a year old and you're already looking for an upgrade. By all practicalities, its just a note 7 without the S pen and smaller screen. And it wont explode. Learn to wait at least a year for an upgrade.; Sounds like you wont be contented either phone you buy. The 7 edge that you own is only less than a year old and you're already looking for an upgrade. By all practicalities, its just a note 7 without the S pen and smaller screen. And it wont explode. Learn to wait at least a year for an upgrade.
Anonymous, 26 Oct 2016Whatever you say won't change the fact that Note 7 is a big disgrace in front of the mighty Note 5!Can you really believe the claim of its having a 5.7" screen? It had nothing of the sort.; Can you really believe the claim of its having a 5.7" screen? It had nothing of the sort.
Equinox Hydroid, 25 Oct 2016Please check Xiaomi Note 2 :D copy paste note 7Not only copy-paste but also lacking the grip...it's bigger in size...Ahhh is it good looking?at least I'm not finding so!; Not only copy-paste but also lacking the grip...it's bigger in size...Ahhh is it good looking?at least I'm not finding so!
Well I have one s7 edge...I was so much eager to get that Note7...Well story is over for that phone for good..I was waiting to get that Note for quite a long!..Well should I buy Note5 or wait for again one year for Note8??.. Even recently I saw there is a confirmation about note 8 but not even sure when it'll get released !!!!..What to do?? 
 
 Please help out.
 
 Even the sound Alive of Note 5 ,does it work with Neutron Player?; Well I have one s7 edge...I was so much eager to get that Note7...Well story is over for that phone for good..I was waiting to get that Note for quite a long!..Well should I buy Note5 or wait for again one year for Note8??.. Even recently I saw there is a confirmation about note 8 but not even sure when it'll get released !!!!..What to do??; Please help out.; Even the sound Alive of Note 5 ,does it work with Neutron Player?
Anonymous, 28 Oct 2016no, the note 5 is by a significant gapSure .. note 4 is the best note phone ever made by samsung ..what a humam needs more than a removable battery and sd card external and a super powerfull cpu and gpu that are comparable to note 5 chipsets and are the same !!! For me s series is dead at galaxy s4 , abf for note note series its dead at note 4 .. i mean s4 and note 4 are the best and everything above is just a massive mistakes done by samsung .. any other series like j and c and A and etc.. i dont care about them..; Sure .. note 4 is the best note phone ever made by samsung ..what a humam needs more than a removable battery and sd card external and a super powerfull cpu and gpu that are comparable to note 5 chipsets and are the same !!! For me s series is dead at galaxy s4 , abf for note note series its dead at note 4 .. i mean s4 and note 4 are the best and everything above is just a massive mistakes done by samsung .. any other series like j and c and A and etc.. i dont care about them..
YoelBlandon, 26 Oct 2016this phone is the WORST mistake of Samsung... the best Note is the Note 4 without doubtsno, the note 5 is by a significant gap; no, the note 5 is by a significant gap
TechLord777, 26 Oct 2016Why are not all phones water-protected? The Galaxy Note 4 deserves water-protection, but the ... moreThis is the Galaxy Note lineup, not any other Android device. It's packed with features that Apple has finally copied features that Android had for YEARS. The only thing left for iPhones to have now is the ability of recording video in STEREO and not just MONO audio.
 
 You're comparing your iPhone to the Note 4 - how about comparing it to the higher rated water-resistant S7/S7 Edge, which have the World's best camera system on a mobile device next to the Google Pixel right now, determined by experts. Since the iPhone 7 seems to be in the same boat as the Note7 in terms of possible explosion due to overheat, a Note7 is further up in terms of superior screen technology , triple microphones, and the fact that it had an active Wacom digitizer pen with 4096 levels of pressure sensitivity.
 
 "fast camera with unlimited Burstshots and absolute zero Chain shutter lag at sufficient light"? We have that for YEARS.
 
 "a camera placed into the corner"? Who wants a wobble while using the device on a flat table?
 
 "horizontal homescreen" - We can set that easily with and app.
 
 And optical zoom on the iP7+ is just 2x with just f/2.8 aperture with no OIS. Looks like you haven't even tried using the S7/S7 Edge camera. It beats any iPhone camera in terms of photo quality and fast focusing - and yeah, it record in stereo audio in ALL resolutions up to 4K. 
 
 Smartphones are tools like pocket tools - I get the one with more features I actually use. We don't have to even deal with iTunes to sync content.; This is the Galaxy Note lineup, not any other Android device. It's packed with features that Apple has finally copied features that Android had for YEARS. The only thing left for iPhones to have now is the ability of recording video in STEREO and not just MONO audio.; You're comparing your iPhone to the Note 4 - how about comparing it to the higher rated water-resistant S7/S7 Edge, which have the World's best camera system on a mobile device next to the Google Pixel right now, determined by experts. Since the iPhone 7 seems to be in the same boat as the Note7 in terms of possible explosion due to overheat, a Note7 is further up in terms of superior screen technology , triple microphones, and the fact that it had an active Wacom digitizer pen with 4096 levels of pressure sensitivity.; "fast camera with unlimited Burstshots and absolute zero Chain shutter lag at sufficient light"? We have that for YEARS.; "a camera placed into the corner"? Who wants a wobble while using the device on a flat table?; "horizontal homescreen" - We can set that easily with and app.; And optical zoom on the iP7+ is just 2x with just f/2.8 aperture with no OIS. Looks like you haven't even tried using the S7/S7 Edge camera. It beats any iPhone camera in terms of photo quality and fast focusing - and yeah, it record in stereo audio in ALL resolutions up to 4K.; Smartphones are tools like pocket tools - I get the one with more features I actually use. We don't have to even deal with iTunes to sync content.
Pog, 26 Oct 2016You're right. Love the Note 4. Micro SD, removable battery, 4k recording, beautiful 5.7 in scr... moreWhy are not all phones water-protected?
 The Galaxy Note 4 deserves water-protection, but the iPhone not quite. Why? I know, that's evil, but I love feeling superior to others.
 Now, phones that are able to record videos at 2160p (e.g. S5 and Z3 Compact) are easily affordable. Just a few years ago, you got 720p-phones such as S3 Mini for the same price.
 So why doesn't an iPhone deserve being water-resistant?
 Here is the real reason: http://www.quora.com/Why-do-all-celebrities-use-­iPhones/answer/Daniel-Blackwhit 
 Here is my statement to Daniel's posts:
 I am no iPhone-hater. I see everything in an objective way. I do not care about brand names, but about practical features and real capabilities. I like getting things done and being able to do more with a device with wider feature range. But many iPhone-users just buy that device due to it's hype and some other ridiculous and powerless reasons. Not because it can record 1080p at 120fps, has live photos (WITH SOUND&#19;) and&#20; a Force-Touch screen, fast camera with unlimited Burstshots and absolute zero Chain shutter lag at sufficient light, AEB mode (I am not sure about that one, but bracketing shots are better than HDR, because they contain key information needed for HDR but also proper EXiF-information), a camera placed into the corner (a middle/center camera, as known from Samsung, LG and HTC is very bulky, and all middle-camera users wish a corner camera in their subconsciousness), TouchID (single-tap and hold to reset screen timeout countdown, double-tap for screen downshift (to reach the upper screen, while holding the device in one hand), horizontal homescreen and practlcally optical zoom (7+ only) on the plus models, but just because of their sleek profiled typical iDesign including the iLogo. Just a status symbol? But if it starts to rain, having a Water-resistant device is very plaesent and gives me a status symbol for practicallity, not for hype-hunter. Additionally, a thicker phone also gives me a status symbol for somebody, who never sacrifices practical features for design. That is the status symbol, that I really want, because it relatively gives me practical advantages.; Why are not all phones water-protected?; The Galaxy Note 4 deserves water-protection, but the iPhone not quite. Why? I know, that's evil, but I love feeling superior to others.; Now, phones that are able to record videos at 2160p (e.g. S5 and Z3 Compact) are easily affordable. Just a few years ago, you got 720p-phones such as S3 Mini for the same price.; So why doesn't an iPhone deserve being water-resistant?; Here is the real reason:; Here is my statement to Daniel's posts:; I am no iPhone-hater. I see everything in an objective way. I do not care about brand names, but about practical features and real capabilities. I like getting things done and being able to do more with a device with wider feature range. But many iPhone-users just buy that device due to it's hype and some other ridiculous and powerless reasons. Not because it can record 1080p at 120fps, has live photos (WITH SOUND&#19;) and&#20; a Force-Touch screen, fast camera with unlimited Burstshots and absolute zero Chain shutter lag at sufficient light, AEB mode (I am not sure about that one, but bracketing shots are better than HDR, because they contain key information needed for HDR but also proper EXiF-information), a camera placed into the corner (a middle/center camera, as known from Samsung, LG and HTC is very bulky, and all middle-camera users wish a corner camera in their subconsciousness), TouchID (single-tap and hold to reset screen timeout countdown, double-tap for screen downshift (to reach the upper screen, while holding the device in one hand), horizontal homescreen and practlcally optical zoom (7+ only) on the plus models, but just because of their sleek profiled typical iDesign including the iLogo. Just a status symbol? But if it starts to rain, having a Water-resistant device is very plaesent and gives me a status symbol for practicallity, not for hype-hunter. Additionally, a thicker phone also gives me a status symbol for somebody, who never sacrifices practical features for design. That is the status symbol, that I really want, because it relatively gives me practical advantages.
this phone is the WORST mistake of Samsung... the best Note is the Note 4 without doubts; this phone is the WORST mistake of Samsung... the best Note is the Note 4 without doubts
Techlord777, 25 Oct 2016Don't worry: the Note Four is not outdated yet at all. Just because new phones come out, the N... moreYou're right. Love the Note 4. Micro SD, removable battery, 4k recording, beautiful 5.7 in screen, fast processor, fast battery charging, great camera, robust build. Even has a headphone socket! Only thing it doesn't have which I would like it's waterproofing (why don't all phones have that? ?); You're right. Love the Note 4. Micro SD, removable battery, 4k recording, beautiful 5.7 in screen, fast processor, fast battery charging, great camera, robust build. Even has a headphone socket! Only thing it doesn't have which I would like it's waterproofing (why don't all phones have that? ?)
Bunyip22, 25 Oct 2016The GN4 is great, the only thing i miss from the GN7 is the great camera. The screen colours ... moreWhatever you say won't change the fact that Note 7 is a big disgrace in front of the mighty Note 5!; Whatever you say won't change the fact that Note 7 is a big disgrace in front of the mighty Note 5!
Considering BlackBerry dtek 60; Considering BlackBerry dtek 60
Techlord777, 25 Oct 2016Don't worry: the Note Four is not outdated yet at all. Just because new phones come out, the N... moreThe GN4 is great, the only thing i miss from the GN7 is the great camera.
 The screen colours on the GN7 are a bit better too. 
 Certainly not as worried about dropping/scratching the GN4.; The GN4 is great, the only thing i miss from the GN7 is the great camera.; The screen colours on the GN7 are a bit better too.; Certainly not as worried about dropping/scratching the GN4.
Bunyip22, 24 Oct 2016I received my wifes Galaxy S7 today.... in a word it's AWESOME. It is black which looks bet... moreDon't worry: the Note Four is not outdated yet at all. Just because new phones come out, the Note 4 does not change itself.; Don't worry: the Note Four is not outdated yet at all. Just because new phones come out, the Note 4 does not change itself.
Equinox Hydroid, 24 Oct 2016Don't worry guys there will be note 8 next year samsung confirmsBecause of Samsung's horrible idea to call the 2016's Galaxy None Â„Note 7Â“ instead of Note 6, the digit is no longer equal to the final digit of the year number. And next year, everybody will confuse the Note 8 with Note 8.0 from early 2013. Well done.; Because of Samsung's horrible idea to call the 2016's Galaxy None Â„Note 7Â“ instead of Note 6, the digit is no longer equal to the final digit of the year number. And next year, everybody will confuse the Note 8 with Note 8.0 from early 2013. Well done.
Please check Xiaomi Note 2 :D copy paste note 7; Please check Xiaomi Note 2 :D copy paste note 7
Zorba, 25 Oct 2016the note series will not be released again! hahahahahahaSo how come samsung offers 50% on s8 and note8 next year for those who bought the note7!!!!!!! I think you cannot read; So how come samsung offers 50% on s8 and note8 next year for those who bought the note7!!!!!!! I think you cannot read
Anonymous, 25 Oct 2016the best phone of the year :( I will keep my note 5 until note 8 or s8 if it can be campare to... moreGood decision.
 Never go for unsafe phone.
 Note 5 or nothing until Note 8 comes.; Good decision.; Never go for unsafe phone.; Note 5 or nothing until Note 8 comes.
the best phone of the year :( I will keep my note 5 until note 8 or s8 if it can be campare to note series; the best phone of the year :( I will keep my note 5 until note 8 or s8 if it can be campare to note series
Zorba, 25 Oct 2016the note series will not be released again! hahahahahaha...yes Note wont be released but a new model with stylus pen will definately be introduced by Samsung next year..cheers!!!; ...yes Note wont be released but a new model with stylus pen will definately be introduced by Samsung next year..cheers!!!
Equinox Hydroid, 24 Oct 2016Don't worry guys there will be note 8 next year samsung confirmsthe note series will not be released again! hahahahahaha; the note series will not be released again! hahahahahaha
Try Compare blackberry android dtek60; Try Compare blackberry android dtek60
Don't worry guys there will be note 8 next year samsung confirms; Don't worry guys there will be note 8 next year samsung confirms
FaisalSR, 23 Oct 2016Well, it can be problem in software coz some of relaunch phones also catches fire May be short circuit even power off still catch fire. Samsung that knows better than anyone. Note 8 should come out soon.; May be short circuit even power off still catch fire. Samsung that knows better than anyone. Note 8 should come out soon.
Dear Samsung Co, please don't kill NOTE Series, because none were good as Note Series so far. Don't be afraid to release another Samsung Galaxy Note 8 in 2017 because your fan still out there, waiting patiently for another next innovation from Note 8. Samsung Co, Hwaiting!!!!; Dear Samsung Co, please don't kill NOTE Series, because none were good as Note Series so far. Don't be afraid to release another Samsung Galaxy Note 8 in 2017 because your fan still out there, waiting patiently for another next innovation from Note 8. Samsung Co, Hwaiting!!!!
I received my wifes Galaxy S7 today.... in a word it's AWESOME.
 
 It is black which looks better than my silver GN7.
 The screen isn't an edge version and it's much nicer to use.
 Being a bit smaller is nice.... i'm suspecting the S8 will have dual camera but be the same edge design.... do i get an S7 or stay with my Note 4.... will probably go the bigger screen over the better camera.; I received my wifes Galaxy S7 today.... in a word it's AWESOME.; It is black which looks better than my silver GN7.; The screen isn't an edge version and it's much nicer to use.; Being a bit smaller is nice.... i'm suspecting the S8 will have dual camera but be the same edge design.... do i get an S7 or stay with my Note 4.... will probably go the bigger screen over the better camera.
Well, it can be problem in software coz some of relaunch phones also catches fire; Well, it can be problem in software coz some of relaunch phones also catches fire
I miss you so much NOTE 7. I really work hard just to buy YOU. A phablet of the year to be called tho. Anyway, I am looking forward for another note series. But still I am happy with s7 edge, almost the same price and specs. Nothing compares.; I miss you so much NOTE 7. I really work hard just to buy YOU. A phablet of the year to be called tho. Anyway, I am looking forward for another note series. But still I am happy with s7 edge, almost the same price and specs. Nothing compares.
so sad... bless you samsung; so sad... bless you samsung
Samsung
 Pls launch your Next Note series once u have overcome this problem.
 Many of us are waiting for your next Note series........cheers !!!; Samsung; Pls launch your Next Note series once u have overcome this problem.; Many of us are waiting for your next Note series........cheers !!!
very bad, I guess I need to buy note 8 instead; very bad, I guess I need to buy note 8 instead
So, You understood now!!..don't go with lucky number or sentiments on technolgy any more; So, You understood now!!..don't go with lucky number or sentiments on technolgy any more
Miss you Note 7. A really awesome phone by Samsung...; Miss you Note 7. A really awesome phone by Samsung...
galaxy alpha, 22 Oct 2016oh what if the problem caused by charger and not the battery itself ??? hahaha u will regret ... moreYeah... Because all failures were when charging... Duh.; Yeah... Because all failures were when charging... Duh.
Anonymous, 22 Oct 2016Any idea when this is going to be relaunched? They are on a national recall list. Unfortunately they are not going to be re-launched due to the issues with the phone.; They are on a national recall list. Unfortunately they are not going to be re-launched due to the issues with the phone.
Any idea when this is going to be relaunched?; Any idea when this is going to be relaunched?
Rahul, 22 Oct 2016Samsung Galaxy Note 7 is just an awesome smartphone.....its iris scanner wow just awesome....W... moreHello,
 
 Yes this is the case, they have now stopped this phone and will not be selling the Note series in the future.; Hello,; Yes this is the case, they have now stopped this phone and will not be selling the Note series in the future.
I think note 7 is the best galaxy ever made by samsung
 so it was a big mistake by them by discontinue its sales and its brand; I think note 7 is the best galaxy ever made by samsung; so it was a big mistake by them by discontinue its sales and its brand
Samsung Galaxy Note 7 is just an awesome smartphone.....its iris scanner wow just awesome....Waterproof S pen, type C battery charger.....I was all prepared to buy this until the Shopkeeper hurts me that it is stopped now due to exploding of batteries.......Is it true guys.
 PLEASE GIVE ME SOME SUGGESTIONS; Samsung Galaxy Note 7 is just an awesome smartphone.....its iris scanner wow just awesome....Waterproof S pen, type C battery charger.....I was all prepared to buy this until the Shopkeeper hurts me that it is stopped now due to exploding of batteries.......Is it true guys.; PLEASE GIVE ME SOME SUGGESTIONS
It was the phone design that was the problem actually. It was just too narrow they had to squeeze the battery too hard which led to negative and positive cathodes coming into contact hence short circuit! So they should either widen the next design or just use a smaller battery.; It was the phone design that was the problem actually. It was just too narrow they had to squeeze the battery too hard which led to negative and positive cathodes coming into contact hence short circuit! So they should either widen the next design or just use a smaller battery.
Bunyip22, 22 Oct 2016Funny thing happened... a light box turned up in the post from Samsung.. I assumed it was a bo... moreLucky you. I was only given the battery backpack and a minimal casing. Don't forget to keep the S Pen - it works a hell of a lot better than previous pens on my old Note 3.
 
 256GB microSD is something, and I'm looking for one I can locally buy. Looks like another year with the Note 3.; Lucky you. I was only given the battery backpack and a minimal casing. Don't forget to keep the S Pen - it works a hell of a lot better than previous pens on my old Note 3.; 256GB microSD is something, and I'm looking for one I can locally buy. Looks like another year with the Note 3.
Bunyip22, 22 Oct 2016Funny thing happened... a light box turned up in the post from Samsung.. I assumed it was a bo... moreoh what if the problem caused by charger and not the battery itself ??? hahaha u will regret of keeping them ?????hahahaha; oh what if the problem caused by charger and not the battery itself ??? hahaha u will regret of keeping them ?????hahahaha
Funny thing happened... a light box turned up in the post from Samsung.. I assumed it was a box to return my Note 7 in .... nope... it contained the Samsung 256GB Evo card (and lots of empty space) that was free with the pre-order... 
 
 Thanks Samsung, will be returning the phone for a full refund but will keep the charger, headphones and 256GB card... probably worth about $250... for my immense pain and suffering :-); Funny thing happened... a light box turned up in the post from Samsung.. I assumed it was a box to return my Note 7 in .... nope... it contained the Samsung 256GB Evo card (and lots of empty space) that was free with the pre-order...; Thanks Samsung, will be returning the phone for a full refund but will keep the charger, headphones and 256GB card... probably worth about $250... for my immense pain and suffering :-)
Guys &#304; know whats the problem.The phone is not problem the important problem is battery hi needs to create a brand new battery for samsung galaxy note 7.Samsung you are my best fan do again note 7 with brand new battery to not get explosion on the sun and charging please; Guys &#304; know whats the problem.The phone is not problem the important problem is battery hi needs to create a brand new battery for samsung galaxy note 7.Samsung you are my best fan do again note 7 with brand new battery to not get explosion on the sun and charging please
leonardi, 21 Oct 2016i am the biggest fan of samsung note. my last samsung is samsung note 4 and i used many other ... moreIts only the name which is discontinued, not stylus. Whats in name if samsung keeps stylus flagship; Its only the name which is discontinued, not stylus. Whats in name if samsung keeps stylus flagship
Anonymous, 18 Oct 2016Buy Sony XZ. It beats almost all phones with its smoothness.huh?; huh?
i am the biggest fan of samsung note. my last samsung is samsung note 4 and i used many other brand of phones already. but still note is the best phone i had ever had. message for samsung Â”DONT KILL NOTE SERIESÂ”; i am the biggest fan of samsung note. my last samsung is samsung note 4 and i used many other brand of phones already. but still note is the best phone i had ever had. message for samsung Â”DONT KILL NOTE SERIESÂ”
Equinox Hydroid, 20 Oct 2016No more note phones again samsungs is planning to focus on the S series as the only flagship e... morethere is no official statement from samsung about this.; there is no official statement from samsung about this.
Ajju Aziz, 20 Oct 2016It's still worth taking note7 I m getting black colour should I takeThey have discontinued it due to the various reports of the phone 'blowing up'; They have discontinued it due to the various reports of the phone 'blowing up'
Anonymous, 20 Oct 2016No worry, Note 8 will save the Note series, it will be as SAFE as Note 5.No more note phones again samsungs is planning to focus on the S series as the only flagship every year like HTC and Apple; No more note phones again samsungs is planning to focus on the S series as the only flagship every year like HTC and Apple
I am a big fan of the galaxy note series because of its USP .
 I wanted to share opinion on adding an extra feature on to the stylus .
 
 I have never used the stylus as a remote to capture photos on the note .
 I hope samsung works out on providing remote support in its upcoming note release. 
 
 Thank you.; I am a big fan of the galaxy note series because of its USP .; I wanted to share opinion on adding an extra feature on to the stylus .; I have never used the stylus as a remote to capture photos on the note .; I hope samsung works out on providing remote support in its upcoming note release.; Thank you.
Savor , 20 Oct 2016The Note series might go away, but the Notes will always live in many buyers' hearts the same ... moreVery well said; Very well said
ITChieBoy, 19 Oct 2016Im planning to do the same thing as well but unfortunately, it didn't reach here in our city. ... moreIt's still worth taking note7 I m getting black colour should I take; It's still worth taking note7 I m getting black colour should I take
Anonymous, 20 Oct 2016I've been using fast wireless charging with the premium 64GB Note 5 and there is no heating or... moreAmen.; Amen.
No worry, Note 8 will save the Note series, it will be as SAFE as Note 5.; No worry, Note 8 will save the Note series, it will be as SAFE as Note 5.
I support Samsung. I just returned the replaced Note 7 at their Mirdiff City Center shop, Dubai, the service was excellent, got the Note 7 replaced with S7 Edge, for the price difference got Harman Kardon speaker go+play (price about US$399) and wireless charger. 
 I will definitely buy new note 8 when its launched. 
 Each and every person returning Note 7 was sad - we had no other option.
 message to Samsung Co. - DON'T KILL THE NOTE SERIES; I support Samsung. I just returned the replaced Note 7 at their Mirdiff City Center shop, Dubai, the service was excellent, got the Note 7 replaced with S7 Edge, for the price difference got Harman Kardon speaker go+play (price about US$399) and wireless charger.; I will definitely buy new note 8 when its launched.; Each and every person returning Note 7 was sad - we had no other option.; message to Samsung Co. - DON'T KILL THE NOTE SERIES
The Note series might go away, but the Notes will always live in many buyers' hearts the same way Nokia and Nexus still is. 
 
 I didn't realize how beautiful it is using a Note after getting a free hand me down Note 3. I also had experience handling a Note II from years back. The Note 3 has given me ZERO issues. It is a Verizon branded stuck on Android 5.0 (not even 5.1) Lollipop and the phone is smooth. I don't see all this TouchWiz lag people keep talking about. The only thing I don't like is the notification shade. It has a light hairline crack and a few scuffs on the bottom sides but Note 3 works like a charm and definitely holds up very well after three years. 
 
 I feel Samsung peaked in design with the Note 5 and 7 but overall practical features and durability with the 3 & 4. The Note 3 and 4 holds up better against the iPhone 5s and 6 Plus than the S4 and S5 do. Never let what you love go away. Your love for Note should never fade. Long live the Note!
 
 Note7 (August 17, 2016- October 10, 2016)
 Note family (2011-Forever In Our Hearts) 
 
 Note7 was the best smartphone of 2016.
 Note series was the best smartphone series ever.; The Note series might go away, but the Notes will always live in many buyers' hearts the same way Nokia and Nexus still is.; I didn't realize how beautiful it is using a Note after getting a free hand me down Note 3. I also had experience handling a Note II from years back. The Note 3 has given me ZERO issues. It is a Verizon branded stuck on Android 5.0 (not even 5.1) Lollipop and the phone is smooth. I don't see all this TouchWiz lag people keep talking about. The only thing I don't like is the notification shade. It has a light hairline crack and a few scuffs on the bottom sides but Note 3 works like a charm and definitely holds up very well after three years.; I feel Samsung peaked in design with the Note 5 and 7 but overall practical features and durability with the 3 & 4. The Note 3 and 4 holds up better against the iPhone 5s and 6 Plus than the S4 and S5 do. Never let what you love go away. Your love for Note should never fade. Long live the Note!; Note7 (August 17, 2016- October 10, 2016); Note family (2011-Forever In Our Hearts); Note7 was the best smartphone of 2016.; Note series was the best smartphone series ever.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 20 Oct 2016I'm one of the hardcore Note user (except for the half-baked Note.5) commentators who got the ... moreI've been using fast wireless charging with the premium 64GB Note 5 and there is no heating or whatever.
 
 While these OVER BAKED phone is exploding even with normal charging.
 
 Never mind, I will stick to my SAFE Note 5.; I've been using fast wireless charging with the premium 64GB Note 5 and there is no heating or whatever.; While these OVER BAKED phone is exploding even with normal charging.; Never mind, I will stick to my SAFE Note 5.
The good thing about this whole fiasco is that i actually gained $100 in rebates as well as a new gear vr. The sad thing is no note 7 :(; The good thing about this whole fiasco is that i actually gained $100 in rebates as well as a new gear vr. The sad thing is no note 7 :(
I am a big fan of the galaxy note series because of its USP .
 I wanted to share opinion on adding an extra feature on to the stylus .
 
 I have never used the stylus as a remote to capture photos on the note .
 I hope samsung works out on providing remote support in its upcoming note release. 
 
 Thank you.; I am a big fan of the galaxy note series because of its USP .; I wanted to share opinion on adding an extra feature on to the stylus .; I have never used the stylus as a remote to capture photos on the note .; I hope samsung works out on providing remote support in its upcoming note release.; Thank you.
I'm one of the hardcore Note user (except for the half-baked Note.5) commentators who got the Note7 for 45 days, and fully gave it back after the warnings.
 
 It is NOT a good idea to continue using it because sooner or later, Samsung will give a kill command rendering it useless. Even if you root it and use a custom ROM, it's still dangerous.
 
 The battery is too compressed, and it's the pressure that's making it short-circuiting. All the fancy features are useless, if the device has the tendency to overheat and explode.
 
 You can either still exchange it with at least the S7 Edge (with some cash back), or get an entire refund.
 
 Samsung has done it before with water-resistance, and removable battery. All they need is to up the design. I'd rather it being 1 or 2mm thicker than something with a sealed battery that will eventual expand.; I'm one of the hardcore Note user (except for the half-baked Note.5) commentators who got the Note7 for 45 days, and fully gave it back after the warnings.; It is NOT a good idea to continue using it because sooner or later, Samsung will give a kill command rendering it useless. Even if you root it and use a custom ROM, it's still dangerous.; The battery is too compressed, and it's the pressure that's making it short-circuiting. All the fancy features are useless, if the device has the tendency to overheat and explode.; You can either still exchange it with at least the S7 Edge (with some cash back), or get an entire refund.; Samsung has done it before with water-resistance, and removable battery. All they need is to up the design. I'd rather it being 1 or 2mm thicker than something with a sealed battery that will eventual expand.
in my country samsung was offering free flight tickets if we buy note 7 and now they transferred the offer to Note 5 & S7 Edge.....we returned a year back really sad about happened to note 7 :( let's see whats up next with S8 variants & if samsung will continue the with the note series again in august 2017 or will cancel this series!; in my country samsung was offering free flight tickets if we buy note 7 and now they transferred the offer to Note 5 & S7 Edge.....we returned a year back really sad about happened to note 7 :( let's see whats up next with S8 variants & if samsung will continue the with the note series again in august 2017 or will cancel this series!
Well well well...what to write???..I was waiting for this note for more than a year!!! I didn't buy note 5...Just I went to buy NOTE 7 after too much waiting, patience etc etc ... The story is OVER for Good???
 
 WHAT'S THIS,... AGAIN ONE YEAR I HAVE TO WAIT ???? Or NOTE brand is only gone for good??? It'll be CRAZY!!!! COMPLETELY CRAZY ,IF SO!!
 
 WELL I HAVE ONE S7 EDGE, BUT I WANT A NOTE!!!
 
 COME ON SAMSUNG, DON'T TEST YOUR CUSTOMERS...
 
 NO note???? Crazy???..Such a wonderful phone was note 7. ..HOW LONG SHOULD WE WAIT FOR A NOTE AGAIN!..
 
 I HAVE BEEN WAITING FOR 1 YEAR 4 MONTHS already!!!!; Well well well...what to write???..I was waiting for this note for more than a year!!! I didn't buy note 5...Just I went to buy NOTE 7 after too much waiting, patience etc etc ... The story is OVER for Good???; WHAT'S THIS,... AGAIN ONE YEAR I HAVE TO WAIT ???? Or NOTE brand is only gone for good??? It'll be CRAZY!!!! COMPLETELY CRAZY ,IF SO!!; WELL I HAVE ONE S7 EDGE, BUT I WANT A NOTE!!!; COME ON SAMSUNG, DON'T TEST YOUR CUSTOMERS...; NO note???? Crazy???..Such a wonderful phone was note 7. ..HOW LONG SHOULD WE WAIT FOR A NOTE AGAIN!..; I HAVE BEEN WAITING FOR 1 YEAR 4 MONTHS already!!!!
I love Samsung a lot , A company since 1938.
 The Note 7 was the best phone but it burst into flames.
 I hope that Samsung Will Continue its Note Series. And I would like to see the next Samsung Galaxy Note , that must be Note 8 . Hope so Samsung Will not Discontinue its Samsung Note series, which is the best series, and only series with a stylus, which none other brand gives. Also ,Samsung is only the one , who provides Super Amoled Screens which i like the most.Apple Imports From Samsung , Samsung Batteries, etc and dosent give much good specifications. Samsung Shall Continue, and shall be a nice Company Again; I love Samsung a lot , A company since 1938.; The Note 7 was the best phone but it burst into flames.; I hope that Samsung Will Continue its Note Series. And I would like to see the next Samsung Galaxy Note , that must be Note 8 . Hope so Samsung Will not Discontinue its Samsung Note series, which is the best series, and only series with a stylus, which none other brand gives. Also ,Samsung is only the one , who provides Super Amoled Screens which i like the most.Apple Imports From Samsung , Samsung Batteries, etc and dosent give much good specifications. Samsung Shall Continue, and shall be a nice Company Again
It's true that it is a pity that so many phones had to be returned because of a few being defective. This N7 was great.
 
 But for those keeping theirs, just think of one thing (if not for safety). This phone will not be supported by Samsung anymore, meaning there wont be any firmware development (at least official FW), so your are going to be stuck with that V6.0.1 that it came with..... :(; It's true that it is a pity that so many phones had to be returned because of a few being defective. This N7 was great.; But for those keeping theirs, just think of one thing (if not for safety). This phone will not be supported by Samsung anymore, meaning there wont be any firmware development (at least official FW), so your are going to be stuck with that V6.0.1 that it came with..... :(
Boetaru, 19 Oct 2016so true... extremely suspicious... really! Cause most of them RETURNED THE PHONE or are cautious from using it!!!! Eitherway Samsung already announced it internationally and even the news so responsibility is no longer their but those who dont want to return it.; Cause most of them RETURNED THE PHONE or are cautious from using it!!!! Eitherway Samsung already announced it internationally and even the news so responsibility is no longer their but those who dont want to return it.
ESES, 18 Oct 2016I use my NOTE 7 every day whithout problems and I do not give it away. Best phone ever. :)Just don't come back crying here when you get arrested.; Just don't come back crying here when you get arrested.
mir, 16 Oct 2016Funny how the almost daily reports of explosions have stopped, once the device was finally dis... moreso true... extremely suspicious... really!; so true... extremely suspicious... really!
Anonymous, 17 Oct 2016I am still using it despite of advisory from Samsung. Great performance and much better than ... moreYeah man, I'm with u...; Yeah man, I'm with u...
Note 7 is definitely the best phone that I have ever used. Features, IU, smooth... I had no overheating or battery issues. Awesome phone. Very unfortunate that becuz of a small batch that the entire Note 7 is scraped. Obviously, safety first! I am certain that Samsung will sort out the issues, learn from this whole debacle & come back with a BANG...; Note 7 is definitely the best phone that I have ever used. Features, IU, smooth... I had no overheating or battery issues. Awesome phone. Very unfortunate that becuz of a small batch that the entire Note 7 is scraped. Obviously, safety first! I am certain that Samsung will sort out the issues, learn from this whole debacle & come back with a BANG...
the samsung galaxy note 7 would be the best no.1 mobile in the world but for the battery exploded problem note 7 got banned but note 7 has too many more features than s7 and s7 edge.. note 7 with new fixed version should be released note 8 or note 7 2017 if there no problem occured in note 7 battery i would brought it but still i support samsung and in the next year s8 will be available but this battery problem make up a huge panic in the world:-(; the samsung galaxy note 7 would be the best no.1 mobile in the world but for the battery exploded problem note 7 got banned but note 7 has too many more features than s7 and s7 edge.. note 7 with new fixed version should be released note 8 or note 7 2017 if there no problem occured in note 7 battery i would brought it but still i support samsung and in the next year s8 will be available but this battery problem make up a huge panic in the world:-(
Best phone I ever had! srsly. So sad that samsung is halting all note 7, as much as possible I don't want to return it because I don't have any problem with my phone, no overheating, etc. but unfortunately, many of the airlines won't allow me to board the plane with my note 7 :( so yeah, I'm back with my old phone.; Best phone I ever had! srsly. So sad that samsung is halting all note 7, as much as possible I don't want to return it because I don't have any problem with my phone, no overheating, etc. but unfortunately, many of the airlines won't allow me to board the plane with my note 7 :( so yeah, I'm back with my old phone.
SAMSUNG!!!!......Please DON'T KILL the Galaxy Note brand. Your specialty is in NOTE SERIES. If you kill it, then you won't be any good anymore. Your Note fans are still out there waiting your next innovation on your NOTE Series. Thanks.; SAMSUNG!!!!......Please DON'T KILL the Galaxy Note brand. Your specialty is in NOTE SERIES. If you kill it, then you won't be any good anymore. Your Note fans are still out there waiting your next innovation on your NOTE Series. Thanks.
Anonymous, 17 Oct 2016I am still using it despite of advisory from Samsung. Great performance and much better than ... moreIm planning to do the same thing as well but unfortunately, it didn't reach here in our city. Im stock at my current phone; Im planning to do the same thing as well but unfortunately, it didn't reach here in our city. Im stock at my current phone
Anonymous, 18 Oct 2016So bummed I have to return my Note 7! I really loved it. Now I am trying to decide what to rep... moreHonestly, it depends what you want. 
 
 If the waterproofing is a big deal to you then S7 is your best bet. I wouldn't go Edge--too much accidental screen touch and the flat back makes it feel uncomfortable in the hand vs the Note 7--but YMMV. 
 
 If the S-Pen is your jam then you'll have to go back to a Note 5 but that's still a pretty great device. 
 
 Or if you are into pure horsepower I would go OnePlus 3. Cheap, solid, and blazing fast. You'll have to be okay with 1080p and no waterproofing, though.; Honestly, it depends what you want.; If the waterproofing is a big deal to you then S7 is your best bet. I wouldn't go Edge--too much accidental screen touch and the flat back makes it feel uncomfortable in the hand vs the Note 7--but YMMV.; If the S-Pen is your jam then you'll have to go back to a Note 5 but that's still a pretty great device.; Or if you are into pure horsepower I would go OnePlus 3. Cheap, solid, and blazing fast. You'll have to be okay with 1080p and no waterproofing, though.
I use my NOTE 7 every day whithout problems and I do not give it away.
 Best phone ever. :); I use my NOTE 7 every day whithout problems and I do not give it away.; Best phone ever. :)
Anonymous, 18 Oct 2016So bummed I have to return my Note 7! I really loved it. Now I am trying to decide what to rep... moreGalaxy S7 edge; Galaxy S7 edge
had so many clients waiting for Note 7 what a let down no SAMSUNG ANYMORE!R.I.P NOTE 7; had so many clients waiting for Note 7 what a let down no SAMSUNG ANYMORE!R.I.P NOTE 7
Anonymous, 18 Oct 2016Buy Sony XZ. It beats almost all phones with its smoothness.Huh ??; Huh ??
Gone, but certainly not forgotten!; Gone, but certainly not forgotten!
Guys will the note 7 ever be available for sale again? I really hope so what do you guys think cause I really need to get my hands on one :(; Guys will the note 7 ever be available for sale again? I really hope so what do you guys think cause I really need to get my hands on one :(
note 7 "RIP" :(; note 7 "RIP" :(
Anonymous, 18 Oct 2016So bummed I have to return my Note 7! I really loved it. Now I am trying to decide what to rep... moreGet the V20 a solid phone but underated; Get the V20 a solid phone but underated
Anonymous, 18 Oct 2016Buy Sony XZ. It beats almost all phones with its smoothness.Lol the bezels on that phone are humongous, any of the phones he listed would probably be a better choice; Lol the bezels on that phone are humongous, any of the phones he listed would probably be a better choice
Anonymous, 18 Oct 2016So bummed I have to return my Note 7! I really loved it. Now I am trying to decide what to rep... moreBuy Sony XZ. It beats almost all phones with its smoothness.; Buy Sony XZ. It beats almost all phones with its smoothness.
So bummed I have to return my Note 7! I really loved it. Now I am trying to decide what to replace it with: Samsung Galaxy S7 edge, LG V20, or Google Pixel XL.; So bummed I have to return my Note 7! I really loved it. Now I am trying to decide what to replace it with: Samsung Galaxy S7 edge, LG V20, or Google Pixel XL.
Note 7 was just a nice phone, so sad it did not work; Note 7 was just a nice phone, so sad it did not work
as whole world stop note 7 its a best phone well i just need to return back an sadly wait..for note 8; as whole world stop note 7 its a best phone well i just need to return back an sadly wait..for note 8
Julliard, 17 Oct 2016Well, that is the best Note7 alternative if someone really want the Spen.The only thing I wish Samsung did was to sell the 128GB version of the Note.5 not only in South Korea.
 
 In keeping the S Pen of the Note7, or swiftly getting the separate S Pen for some $30 - yeah, Note 5 would be a CONSOLATION replacement.; The only thing I wish Samsung did was to sell the 128GB version of the Note.5 not only in South Korea.; In keeping the S Pen of the Note7, or swiftly getting the separate S Pen for some $30 - yeah, Note 5 would be a CONSOLATION replacement.
[deleted post]Yeah, I don't have to buy another accessory, having to charge it, and do acrobatic configurations so that I have to temporarily transfer the media I want to watch or listen to media on the Note.5.
 
 LOL. It's just too silly to think I'd have to do that every day. Whereas my 128 GB microSD even with the 64 GB internal of the Note7. It's not only all entertainment.; Yeah, I don't have to buy another accessory, having to charge it, and do acrobatic configurations so that I have to temporarily transfer the media I want to watch or listen to media on the Note.5.; LOL. It's just too silly to think I'd have to do that every day. Whereas my 128 GB microSD even with the 64 GB internal of the Note7. It's not only all entertainment.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 16 Oct 2016Sorry, I already requested a termination and return of the Note7 after a 3rd report on the exp... more64GB Note 5 is available in most countries.
 I feel sorry for your country.
 But Note 7 is already dead R.I.P.!
 
 Wireless SD card readers and HDDs are available so no worry for expansion of 64GB storage. And it is not EXPLODING!; 64GB Note 5 is available in most countries.; I feel sorry for your country.; But Note 7 is already dead R.I.P.!; Wireless SD card readers and HDDs are available so no worry for expansion of 64GB storage. And it is not EXPLODING!
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 16 Oct 2016Not when you only have some 25GB of user's internal storage to play with... Remember, 64GB Not... moreWhen were you born?
 Wireless SD card readers are everywhere, you don't have to stick that wire from OTG.
 
 And not only one device can access it and most of all, it is not EXPLODING!; When were you born?; Wireless SD card readers are everywhere, you don't have to stick that wire from OTG.; And not only one device can access it and most of all, it is not EXPLODING!
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 16 Oct 2016Not when you only have some 25GB of user's internal storage to play with... Remember, 64GB Not... moreWell, that is the best Note7 alternative if someone really want the Spen.; Well, that is the best Note7 alternative if someone really want the Spen.
fahadazizkhan, 16 Oct 2016Al tough the N7 is DEAD :( and I am returning mine also for full refund (or might be LG V20) ... moreDo we get refund for accessories we brought??; Do we get refund for accessories we brought??
mir, 16 Oct 2016Funny how the almost daily reports of explosions have stopped, once the device was finally dis... moreSamsung has told users to keep it powered off and is offering refunds; Samsung has told users to keep it powered off and is offering refunds
I am still using it despite of advisory from Samsung.
 Great performance and much better than other smartphone that not explode/caught fire.
 
 Will continue to use until it explode or caught fire...
 
 ...until than N7 is just a wonderful and great performance phone; I am still using it despite of advisory from Samsung.; Great performance and much better than other smartphone that not explode/caught fire.; Will continue to use until it explode or caught fire...; ...until than N7 is just a wonderful and great performance phone
Julliard, 16 Oct 2016Agree. No sd card but OTG still helps a lot. Especially the mini pendrive-like usb. Not when you only have some 25GB of user's internal storage to play with... Remember, 64GB Note.5 is uncommon, and even that is not enough. I have 120GB to use with, with a 128GB microSD card. Sticking in an OTG everytime I'd like to access media is like using an iPhone...; Not when you only have some 25GB of user's internal storage to play with... Remember, 64GB Note.5 is uncommon, and even that is not enough. I have 120GB to use with, with a 128GB microSD card. Sticking in an OTG everytime I'd like to access media is like using an iPhone...
Funny how the almost daily reports of explosions have stopped, once the device was finally discontinued.; Funny how the almost daily reports of explosions have stopped, once the device was finally discontinued.
Anonymous, 16 Oct 2016Note 5 still the best!Agree. No sd card but OTG still helps a lot. Especially the mini pendrive-like usb.; Agree. No sd card but OTG still helps a lot. Especially the mini pendrive-like usb.
Imperator Neubaticus, 16 Oct 2016The note 5 kinda sucks tbh. And that's coming from a note fan. Im thinking of getting the ... moreSmart is offering the Note 4 for $25 monthly. I've tested the S Pen of the Note 4, and not much of a difference with my Note 3's. All I needed was the S Pen of the Note7 - which I kept for its better pressure sensitivity and precision.
 
 Not much reason for me to be locked with a for two years on hardware that's now two years. Then again, the idea of stuffing in more battery to a thin body that could potentially short-circuit is not something I would not like for the next Galaxy Note. I really hope Samsung goes back to removable battery.
 
 I do miss the glance function of the Nite7 - something I realize while try to reference something while drawing. And I really miss the fast-launching, fast-focusing camera.; Smart is offering the Note 4 for $25 monthly. I've tested the S Pen of the Note 4, and not much of a difference with my Note 3's. All I needed was the S Pen of the Note7 - which I kept for its better pressure sensitivity and precision.; Not much reason for me to be locked with a for two years on hardware that's now two years. Then again, the idea of stuffing in more battery to a thin body that could potentially short-circuit is not something I would not like for the next Galaxy Note. I really hope Samsung goes back to removable battery.; I do miss the glance function of the Nite7 - something I realize while try to reference something while drawing. And I really miss the fast-launching, fast-focusing camera.
Anonymous, 16 Oct 2016At last you woke up from Note 7 dilemma. I still enjoy my 64GB Note 5 safe and sound, while... moreNote 4 > note 5 though; Note 4 > note 5 though
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 16 Oct 2016Sorry, I already requested a termination and return of the Note7 after a 3rd report on the exp... moreThe note 5 kinda sucks tbh. And that's coming from a note fan. 
 
 Im thinking of getting the j7 prime since it's less than half the price of the note 7. When the note 8 (or whatever it will be called) comes out next year, i'll be sure to get that one.; The note 5 kinda sucks tbh. And that's coming from a note fan.; Im thinking of getting the j7 prime since it's less than half the price of the note 7. When the note 8 (or whatever it will be called) comes out next year, i'll be sure to get that one.
Anonymous, 16 Oct 2016Just hope and pray that your unit is not included in the 0.01% ... Good luck. No thanks but ... moreN7 will not killed ppl.
 But travelling on the road is more than 0.01%
 Chances of killing ppl
 ..so keep the luck for yourself...ur time maybe up....oh oh; N7 will not killed ppl.; But travelling on the road is more than 0.01%; Chances of killing ppl; ..so keep the luck for yourself...ur time maybe up....oh oh
quit complaining...; quit complaining...
sherry, 06 Oct 2016How did you find the phone in comparision to your iPhone 6s plus. I am planning to move from 6... moreAl tough the N7 is DEAD :( and I am returning mine also for full refund (or might be LG V20)
 The N7 is always up to mark with all the apps, camera, battery life and specially: Aesthetics
 
 Hope to see N8 or something very soon; Al tough the N7 is DEAD :( and I am returning mine also for full refund (or might be LG V20); The N7 is always up to mark with all the apps, camera, battery life and specially: Aesthetics; Hope to see N8 or something very soon
Anonymous, 16 Oct 2016At last you woke up from Note 7 dilemma. I still enjoy my 64GB Note 5 safe and sound, while... moreSorry, I already requested a termination and return of the Note7 after a 3rd report on the exploding replacement units. I totally went back to the Note 3. Still have MORE features than the Note.5. I got a chance to actually get the Note.5 at $25 cash out on my renewal of my plan. I'm not going to bite.
 
 Same thing as I have been saying since over a year ago - Having only internal 32GB is BAD idea, no matter how slick the Note.5 looks.; Sorry, I already requested a termination and return of the Note7 after a 3rd report on the exploding replacement units. I totally went back to the Note 3. Still have MORE features than the Note.5. I got a chance to actually get the Note.5 at $25 cash out on my renewal of my plan. I'm not going to bite.; Same thing as I have been saying since over a year ago - Having only internal 32GB is BAD idea, no matter how slick the Note.5 looks.
Specification: Status - Discontinued.
 
 They should!; Specification: Status - Discontinued.; They should!
Julliard, 15 Oct 2016After Note5 received Nougat update it will have all the Note7 features. Except for iris scanne... moreNote 5 still the best!; Note 5 still the best!
Anonymous, 16 Oct 2016I will keep using this Excellence N7 No upgrade software not an issue. It just performance... moreJust hope and pray that your unit is not included in the 0.01% ...
 Good luck.
 No thanks but I wouldn't take the chance especially safety.; Just hope and pray that your unit is not included in the 0.01% ...; Good luck.; No thanks but I wouldn't take the chance especially safety.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 16 Oct 2016I really loved using the Note7. The very tight sealed battery is a bad idea... Even smaller th... moreAt last you woke up from Note 7 dilemma.
 
 I still enjoy my 64GB Note 5 safe and sound, while now you are afraid of the Note 7 explosion.
 Hahahaha!; At last you woke up from Note 7 dilemma.; I still enjoy my 64GB Note 5 safe and sound, while now you are afraid of the Note 7 explosion.; Hahahaha!
Anton70, 16 Oct 2016it was the best smartphone on the market, iphone and google pixel toys.iPhone and Pixel are industry GOLD standard phones not like this cheap Note 7, absolutely tasteless and yeah they do not burst into flames...!!!!; iPhone and Pixel are industry GOLD standard phones not like this cheap Note 7, absolutely tasteless and yeah they do not burst into flames...!!!!
it was the best smartphone on the market, iphone and google pixel toys.; it was the best smartphone on the market, iphone and google pixel toys.
Anonymous, 16 Oct 2016I will keep using this Excellence N7 No upgrade software not an issue. It just performance... moreI really loved using the Note7. The very tight sealed battery is a bad idea... Even smaller than the iPhone7 Plus, yet iP7+ has a smaller battery. I returned mine, and kept all the accessories including the S Pen. The new S Pen has 4096 levels of pressure and works very nicely with my old Note 3 - it fits the pen silo. I can do more refined drawings with it.
 
 Keeping the Note7 is foolish, dangerous and selfish. It has a very high potential of exploding compared to any other make. It's just too bothersome to keep thinking that you have a chance to suffer third-degree burns. In the end, Samsung will have a forced update that will render it useless. Have it exchanged or have your refund now.; I really loved using the Note7. The very tight sealed battery is a bad idea... Even smaller than the iPhone7 Plus, yet iP7+ has a smaller battery. I returned mine, and kept all the accessories including the S Pen. The new S Pen has 4096 levels of pressure and works very nicely with my old Note 3 - it fits the pen silo. I can do more refined drawings with it.; Keeping the Note7 is foolish, dangerous and selfish. It has a very high potential of exploding compared to any other make. It's just too bothersome to keep thinking that you have a chance to suffer third-degree burns. In the end, Samsung will have a forced update that will render it useless. Have it exchanged or have your refund now.
It's so sad to hear Samsung has discontinued the note 7. It was a superb phone I was eagerly waiting for this phone to be launched in my country.; It's so sad to hear Samsung has discontinued the note 7. It was a superb phone I was eagerly waiting for this phone to be launched in my country.
I will keep using this Excellence N7 
 No upgrade software not an issue. 
 It just performance brilliantly. 
 At least it takes few months before Samsung eventuallly decide to kill it remotely.
 One month heavy usage ,,,,, what fire? what explode,? what smoke? @0.01% its affected N7.
 Just recall the set from US. 
 Out of the 90 odds incident happen, honestly i just dont know how many is genuine a case.
 ,,,,,, why majority incident happen in US is good to ponder about.; I will keep using this Excellence N7; No upgrade software not an issue.; It just performance brilliantly.; At least it takes few months before Samsung eventuallly decide to kill it remotely.; One month heavy usage ,,,,, what fire? what explode,? what smoke? @0.01% its affected N7.; Just recall the set from US.; Out of the 90 odds incident happen, honestly i just dont know how many is genuine a case.; ,,,,,, why majority incident happen in US is good to ponder about.
I don't believe all the conspiracy theories with this, the greatest phone ever made, not sure if I'm going to trade my replacement note 7 or not. I'm most likely going to keep it until it breaks(I have insurance on it at best buy, wonder if I'll get the next android update lol). I firmly believe that after one or two had issues abroad us greedy Americans started doing everything possible to replicate issue and go for the quick $25k settlement. That's just my opinion. I did read somewhere that about half of the reported incidences were fake. The most disturbing news of all this was Samsung killing the Note line altogether. That would be rather unfortunate. I've now had a Note, Note2, Note 4 and now Note 7. My son has followed right along with me however his Note 4 didn't make it as long as mine did and had to upgrade to a Note 5 last Christmas. Should I decide to trade it in I suppose to I'll be between a S7 edge or a Note 5. It does appear that the S7 is only .2 inches smaller, I suppose I can live with that. Any other suggestion?; I don't believe all the conspiracy theories with this, the greatest phone ever made, not sure if I'm going to trade my replacement note 7 or not. I'm most likely going to keep it until it breaks(I have insurance on it at best buy, wonder if I'll get the next android update lol). I firmly believe that after one or two had issues abroad us greedy Americans started doing everything possible to replicate issue and go for the quick $25k settlement. That's just my opinion. I did read somewhere that about half of the reported incidences were fake. The most disturbing news of all this was Samsung killing the Note line altogether. That would be rather unfortunate. I've now had a Note, Note2, Note 4 and now Note 7. My son has followed right along with me however his Note 4 didn't make it as long as mine did and had to upgrade to a Note 5 last Christmas. Should I decide to trade it in I suppose to I'll be between a S7 edge or a Note 5. It does appear that the S7 is only .2 inches smaller, I suppose I can live with that. Any other suggestion?
I still love my Note 7 (Silver) to this day. I will not return it to Samsung unless they actually kill it in my possession. They already limited my battery by firmware, and I'll reset the firmware soon, but even still it runs all day long and I really enjoy the use of this phone. Not one bit afraid.; I still love my Note 7 (Silver) to this day. I will not return it to Samsung unless they actually kill it in my possession. They already limited my battery by firmware, and I'll reset the firmware soon, but even still it runs all day long and I really enjoy the use of this phone. Not one bit afraid.
Does the s7 edge have the same type of exploding bomb battery as the note7?
 Was thinking of upgrading scary will go back to HTC 1 next after my s6 unless Samsung can garentee no more scary exploding phones.; Does the s7 edge have the same type of exploding bomb battery as the note7?; Was thinking of upgrading scary will go back to HTC 1 next after my s6 unless Samsung can garentee no more scary exploding phones.
Hatedat, 15 Oct 2016I rather choice apple, samsung or oppo device than thatApple is justified but Samsung and oppo ? Are u serious ? First of all oppo sucks rly hard because of their socs (CPU and GPU are just horrible even on their latest and best phones) which affects the phone performance directly , they only thing they care about is the fingerprint sensor speed and the selfie quality which is pretty retarded that's for oppo and choosing Samsung there is questionable as well because we all know Samsung it simply sucks because of them thinking that they are the only good phone manufacturer out there, ridiculously over pricing their phone and stealing their Design language from apple ,cmon your better than that XD; Apple is justified but Samsung and oppo ? Are u serious ? First of all oppo sucks rly hard because of their socs (CPU and GPU are just horrible even on their latest and best phones) which affects the phone performance directly , they only thing they care about is the fingerprint sensor speed and the selfie quality which is pretty retarded that's for oppo and choosing Samsung there is questionable as well because we all know Samsung it simply sucks because of them thinking that they are the only good phone manufacturer out there, ridiculously over pricing their phone and stealing their Design language from apple ,cmon your better than that XD
Sony Ericsson J100 is so much better than Galaxy Note7; Sony Ericsson J100 is so much better than Galaxy Note7
That you'd have the best smartphone ever made.; That you'd have the best smartphone ever made.
Imperator Neubaticus, 15 Oct 2016Man it's so difficult to find a replacement for this phone. Nothing else comes close :( contem... moreAfter Note5 received Nougat update it will have all the Note7 features. Except for iris scanner of course. Just wait a little bit longer. Dont rush Samsung. After all of this happening you should have learnt not to rush Samsung anymore. They rushed, they give you poop device. They slow, they give you a very nice update; eventually.; After Note5 received Nougat update it will have all the Note7 features. Except for iris scanner of course. Just wait a little bit longer. Dont rush Samsung. After all of this happening you should have learnt not to rush Samsung anymore. They rushed, they give you poop device. They slow, they give you a very nice update; eventually.
I am a Note addict; Note 4(Stolen), Note 8, Note 12.2. Dilemma, what now? Samsung have nobody told you that in times like this you MUST keep your customers informed every step of the way or are you happy if your loyal customer base will reluctantly move elsewhere?
 
 Besides keeping your customers informed my suggestion would be, urgently bring out a Note 5 128g to provide your customers with a sensible alternative and please don't even mention the ridiculous 32g or even 64g versions.... unfortunately Samsung is renowned for not listening to their customers so I sadly have little hope of any positive response from Samsung.; I am a Note addict; Note 4(Stolen), Note 8, Note 12.2. Dilemma, what now? Samsung have nobody told you that in times like this you MUST keep your customers informed every step of the way or are you happy if your loyal customer base will reluctantly move elsewhere?; Besides keeping your customers informed my suggestion would be, urgently bring out a Note 5 128g to provide your customers with a sensible alternative and please don't even mention the ridiculous 32g or even 64g versions.... unfortunately Samsung is renowned for not listening to their customers so I sadly have little hope of any positive response from Samsung.
Man it's so difficult to find a replacement for this phone. Nothing else comes close :( contemplating note 5 but it's still inferior. :(; Man it's so difficult to find a replacement for this phone. Nothing else comes close :( contemplating note 5 but it's still inferior. :(
I was very thankful I didn't downgrade my SAFE Note 5 to UNSAFE Note 7.
 I can still enjoy travelling on a plane with my phone.
 Taking photographs of scenery above the ground, listening to my favorite music files, playing games.
 No worry with my 64GB Note 5.; I was very thankful I didn't downgrade my SAFE Note 5 to UNSAFE Note 7.; I can still enjoy travelling on a plane with my phone.; Taking photographs of scenery above the ground, listening to my favorite music files, playing games.; No worry with my 64GB Note 5.
Anonymous, 15 Oct 2016US Government has banned carrying any Note 7 on any flight even in power off mode. I bought No... moreReports say Note 7 ban in flights will be imposed from next week, not from today or tomorrow. So it should be okay for this week. When you land immediately contact nearby official Samsung store or customer care and they should return you money. Or somehow (via mail, phone or visit there) contact their head office customer service. Also mention your circumstance there. If you still fail to do that, throw the battery out before your return flight.
 When did you buy it? You shouldn't have bought it after 35 reports of exploding. Remember one thing, Samsung sucks. I hate Samsung androids from long ago. And now I see another reason to dislike this brand.; Reports say Note 7 ban in flights will be imposed from next week, not from today or tomorrow. So it should be okay for this week. When you land immediately contact nearby official Samsung store or customer care and they should return you money. Or somehow (via mail, phone or visit there) contact their head office customer service. Also mention your circumstance there. If you still fail to do that, throw the battery out before your return flight.; When did you buy it? You shouldn't have bought it after 35 reports of exploding. Remember one thing, Samsung sucks. I hate Samsung androids from long ago. And now I see another reason to dislike this brand.
Trever, 15 Oct 2016I think S6 edge plus would be a good choice right now, price has immensely gone down after the... moreIt will be good for now am using it now and its really amazing; It will be good for now am using it now and its really amazing
I think S6 edge plus would be a good choice right now, price has immensely gone down after the release of S7 series. I'm seriously looking forward to it.; I think S6 edge plus would be a good choice right now, price has immensely gone down after the release of S7 series. I'm seriously looking forward to it.
Good bye am moving forward Samsung all the way; Good bye am moving forward Samsung all the way
Samsung can you guys release note 7 agai with higher 4x2.5GHz mongoose & 4x1.8GHz cortex-A53. Solve the issue first and let it be available on january 2017; Samsung can you guys release note 7 agai with higher 4x2.5GHz mongoose & 4x1.8GHz cortex-A53. Solve the issue first and let it be available on january 2017
techlover369, 15 Oct 2016I suggest u buy the Xiaomi mi 5 its incredibleI rather choice apple, samsung or oppo device than that; I rather choice apple, samsung or oppo device than that
Hope this design wll apply to S8 Edge. 5.5 inch Amoled UHD display, 600ppi and dual camera with dual pixel 16mp & 8mp in front. With new exynos 9 quad-core 3.0GHz Mongoose & quad-core 2.3GHz Cortex-A73. With Mali-G71. Battery of 3900mAh; Hope this design wll apply to S8 Edge. 5.5 inch Amoled UHD display, 600ppi and dual camera with dual pixel 16mp & 8mp in front. With new exynos 9 quad-core 3.0GHz Mongoose & quad-core 2.3GHz Cortex-A73. With Mali-G71. Battery of 3900mAh
GabrielHernandez1, 14 Oct 2016That proves I'm right and the battery explodes only in America, not in the Asian market. Anoth... moreofficial tallies of 92 incidents in the US, plus at least 17 in Korea, 1 in Taiwan and 2 in Australia.); official tallies of 92 incidents in the US, plus at least 17 in Korea, 1 in Taiwan and 2 in Australia.)
i think the problem is only in snapdragon processor and the explosion only in this processor and there is not any problem in exynos; i think the problem is only in snapdragon processor and the explosion only in this processor and there is not any problem in exynos
cyber soldier, 14 Oct 2016got your lesson, shamesung?? better start making phones which have a removable battery, FM rad... moreand if they added the radio & SD card slot (which already added) the phones won't explode??! :D
 
 there were explosion accidents of galaxy s4 while charging also back in 2013 and it had a removable battery! ;); and if they added the radio & SD card slot (which already added) the phones won't explode??! :D; there were explosion accidents of galaxy s4 while charging also back in 2013 and it had a removable battery! ;)
RIP note 7 officially confirmed; RIP note 7 officially confirmed
Perfect10, 14 Oct 2016Buy htc 10, it is perfectI suggest u buy the Xiaomi mi 5 its incredible; I suggest u buy the Xiaomi mi 5 its incredible
US Government has banned carrying any Note 7 on any flight even in power off mode. I bought Note 7 in Dubai and came to US for a visit. Now what do I do? Samsung US no one is bothered to help as its not a US device and I cannot fly out of US with this device. So basically Samsung expects you to bin $800 phone and treat it as mistake of a customer for having bought a Note 7. Insider job or otherwise, Forum please see how Samsung is treating its loyal customers who bought top of the line premium phone.; US Government has banned carrying any Note 7 on any flight even in power off mode. I bought Note 7 in Dubai and came to US for a visit. Now what do I do? Samsung US no one is bothered to help as its not a US device and I cannot fly out of US with this device. So basically Samsung expects you to bin $800 phone and treat it as mistake of a customer for having bought a Note 7. Insider job or otherwise, Forum please see how Samsung is treating its loyal customers who bought top of the line premium phone.
Anonymous, 14 Oct 2016Yes, it does feel like a conspiracy to discredit Samsung. Most (all?) incidents seem to origin... moreIt is a conspiracy, an inside job or phenomenal incompetance on the part of Samsung. These things just dont happen. I am no Samsung fan, but Samsung knows its trade and makes some "far out" phones. I am a Sony guy, but exploding non removable batts are not Samsungs forte. Modern phones have overload protection, as you have pointed out. The Note 7 is not a whole world away from the S7 or Note 5 or any other phones. A poorly performing phone with teething troubles is one thing, not an exploding one. Li ions have been around for years and the Dell and Toshiba incidents were in the eay days. A lot of work has gone into making batts safe. Even oven like iPads and HPs havent suffered this fate. Think of a high end Europen or Japanese luxury car that explodes each time you crank the engine. internal combustion engines are not Improvised explosive devices. A faulty airbag or fuel line or brake, maybe. But an exploding engine. No Way. Or does Samsung source batts from GS Yuasa, ( remember the 787 dreamliner fires ) Hope Samsung sets the competition on FIRE!! This is a North Korean attack on South Korea. Samsung should get a PI to get to the bottom of this.; It is a conspiracy, an inside job or phenomenal incompetance on the part of Samsung. These things just dont happen. I am no Samsung fan, but Samsung knows its trade and makes some "far out" phones. I am a Sony guy, but exploding non removable batts are not Samsungs forte. Modern phones have overload protection, as you have pointed out. The Note 7 is not a whole world away from the S7 or Note 5 or any other phones. A poorly performing phone with teething troubles is one thing, not an exploding one. Li ions have been around for years and the Dell and Toshiba incidents were in the eay days. A lot of work has gone into making batts safe. Even oven like iPads and HPs havent suffered this fate. Think of a high end Europen or Japanese luxury car that explodes each time you crank the engine. internal combustion engines are not Improvised explosive devices. A faulty airbag or fuel line or brake, maybe. But an exploding engine. No Way. Or does Samsung source batts from GS Yuasa, ( remember the 787 dreamliner fires ) Hope Samsung sets the competition on FIRE!! This is a North Korean attack on South Korea. Samsung should get a PI to get to the bottom of this.
cyber soldier, 14 Oct 2016got your lesson, shamesung?? better start making phones which have a removable battery, FM rad... moreThink before talk ass...too silly; Think before talk ass...too silly
Samsung
 Just recall the Note7 from The bloody US.
 Let the rest of the countries continue using the Note7.
 Others have no issue with this incredible set.
 Plsss do not recall the sets from the others.
 Is there any fresh incidebt lately???
 Millions are still using your Note 7 without any incidents.; Samsung; Just recall the Note7 from The bloody US.; Let the rest of the countries continue using the Note7.; Others have no issue with this incredible set.; Plsss do not recall the sets from the others.; Is there any fresh incidebt lately???; Millions are still using your Note 7 without any incidents.
Anonymous, 14 Oct 2016Yes, it does feel like a conspiracy to discredit Samsung. Most (all?) incidents seem to origin... moreIt's nobody's fault but Samsung. It's so different from the Nokia case where the obvious is actually... obvious. ->@selop; It's nobody's fault but Samsung. It's so different from the Nokia case where the obvious is actually... obvious. ->@selop
GabrielHernandez1, 14 Oct 2016The more I dig into this issue, it looks like an insider job caused this due to the shrinking ... moreLenovo, a Chinese company, owns Motorola; Lenovo, a Chinese company, owns Motorola
GabrielHernandez1, 14 Oct 2016The more I dig into this issue, it looks like an insider job caused this due to the shrinking ... moreYes, it does feel like a conspiracy to discredit Samsung. Most (all?) incidents seem to originate from US locations or US airlines and reported by US media. Modern devices usually have overload circuit protection to cut off the battery if there is any problem so it's very suspicious to me. This could be some kind of economic war between nations / tech giants. I'm waiting for further clarification from Samsung; Yes, it does feel like a conspiracy to discredit Samsung. Most (all?) incidents seem to originate from US locations or US airlines and reported by US media. Modern devices usually have overload circuit protection to cut off the battery if there is any problem so it's very suspicious to me. This could be some kind of economic war between nations / tech giants. I'm waiting for further clarification from Samsung
Anonymous, 14 Oct 2016do you have a source for this? I was under the impression that the problem was the battery siz... moreThat proves I'm right and the battery explodes only in America, not in the Asian market. Another reason to think American companies are involved in this explosion issue.; That proves I'm right and the battery explodes only in America, not in the Asian market. Another reason to think American companies are involved in this explosion issue.
The more I dig into this issue, it looks like an insider job caused this due to the shrinking iPhone sales and the overall bad sales of Lenovo Motorola Unit. Looks like all the companies see Samsung as the only company making money on this business and want to give Samsung a taste of how it feels to live in a market that is shrinking globally. A midrange smartphone of $200 in 2016 does what most flagships did in late 2013 early 2014, so consumers are not purchasing flagships that cost more than $600. Galaxy Note 7 could be an exception, so thats why they hired a skilled person to work for Samsung and cause this issue. 
 History will prove this was an insider job caused by the competition.; The more I dig into this issue, it looks like an insider job caused this due to the shrinking iPhone sales and the overall bad sales of Lenovo Motorola Unit. Looks like all the companies see Samsung as the only company making money on this business and want to give Samsung a taste of how it feels to live in a market that is shrinking globally. A midrange smartphone of $200 in 2016 does what most flagships did in late 2013 early 2014, so consumers are not purchasing flagships that cost more than $600. Galaxy Note 7 could be an exception, so thats why they hired a skilled person to work for Samsung and cause this issue.; History will prove this was an insider job caused by the competition.
MirzaSohail, 14 Oct 2016After Note 7 tragic crash i short listed these devices S7 edge,Iphone 7+,LG v20 and Huawei p9+... moreHey inbt Check out Moto X style. One excellent device I ever seen in terms of all.; Hey inbt Check out Moto X style. One excellent device I ever seen in terms of all.
Anonymous, 14 Oct 2016How bout samsung note 7 with ram 6gb for china market? Is that explodable too? Because i heard... moreBecause China has no safety standards...; Because China has no safety standards...
Anonymous, 14 Oct 2016How bout samsung note 7 with ram 6gb for china market? Is that explodable too? Because i heard... moredo you have a source for this? I was under the impression that the problem was the battery size being too small for the handset and was therefore being crushed (causing the explosions) hence the replacement handsets were still broken. The problem was across all markets so I can't think of a reason for them not be recalled in one country; do you have a source for this? I was under the impression that the problem was the battery size being too small for the handset and was therefore being crushed (causing the explosions) hence the replacement handsets were still broken. The problem was across all markets so I can't think of a reason for them not be recalled in one country
got your lesson, shamesung?? better start making phones which have a removable battery, FM radio, external SD Card, and anything your customer demands...if you want to stay in the market because your brand name is even worse than china's brand..; got your lesson, shamesung?? better start making phones which have a removable battery, FM radio, external SD Card, and anything your customer demands...if you want to stay in the market because your brand name is even worse than china's brand..
YasirJashami, 14 Oct 2016I'm really sad for the discontinuation of this real beast, I really wanted to have it. I do re... moreLike my phone what happens if you choose not to turn them in; Like my phone what happens if you choose not to turn them in
I love note 7; I love note 7
I'm really sad for the discontinuation of this real beast, I really wanted to have it. I do really love the Note series.; I'm really sad for the discontinuation of this real beast, I really wanted to have it. I do really love the Note series.
MirzaSohail, 14 Oct 2016After Note 7 tragic crash i short listed these devices S7 edge,Iphone 7+,LG v20 and Huawei p9+... moredefinitely S7 edge; definitely S7 edge
How bout samsung note 7 with ram 6gb for china market? Is that explodable too? Because i heard that samsung korea will not recall note 7 from china. Can somebody explain?; How bout samsung note 7 with ram 6gb for china market? Is that explodable too? Because i heard that samsung korea will not recall note 7 from china. Can somebody explain?
Equinox Hydroid, 14 Oct 2016Sony has a poor software comparing to samsungNot to bash Sony but I agree with this guy. I wouldn't really put much faith in Sony when it comes to phone.; Not to bash Sony but I agree with this guy. I wouldn't really put much faith in Sony when it comes to phone.
Why are phones exploding all of a sudden? Didn't the same thing happened to some iPhone 7 users? Have they all ready found out what's causing the phone to explode? This is really quite unfortunate to hear that one of their phones can be considered a hand grenade. Hopefully this issue only covers Note 7.; Why are phones exploding all of a sudden? Didn't the same thing happened to some iPhone 7 users? Have they all ready found out what's causing the phone to explode? This is really quite unfortunate to hear that one of their phones can be considered a hand grenade. Hopefully this issue only covers Note 7.
aatif khan, 14 Oct 2016Company has already warned and instructed to turn off the device and return it. But if you ign... moreOk; Ok
MirzaSohail, 14 Oct 2016After Note 7 tragic crash i short listed these devices S7 edge,Iphone 7+,LG v20 and Huawei p9+... moreBuy htc 10, it is perfect; Buy htc 10, it is perfect
Company has already warned and instructed to turn off the device and return it. But if you ignore and keep it, it is your IRRESPONSIBILITY of carrying potentially dangerous content for self and others. 
 
 Quite possible that after deadline for return, if someone carries the device company will not be responsible, insurance companies too will deny any compensation ( since legally you are supposed to return but you didn't.it's a deliberate action of incidence rather than an accident). No law covers / compensates for deliberate illegal actions,when there is an official statement to surrender the potentially hazardous material.
 
 OEM like Samsung has list of IMEI of all it's devices. They will surely switch off all the unreturned devices in wild using OTA protocol.
 
 And if you feel you are using one after above incidence,then probably it will be a replica ( not original) that you are using and neither Samsung nor anyone else will help you in case of any problems since it's not a legal instrument.; Company has already warned and instructed to turn off the device and return it. But if you ignore and keep it, it is your IRRESPONSIBILITY of carrying potentially dangerous content for self and others.; Quite possible that after deadline for return, if someone carries the device company will not be responsible, insurance companies too will deny any compensation ( since legally you are supposed to return but you didn't.it's a deliberate action of incidence rather than an accident). No law covers / compensates for deliberate illegal actions,when there is an official statement to surrender the potentially hazardous material.; OEM like Samsung has list of IMEI of all it's devices. They will surely switch off all the unreturned devices in wild using OTA protocol.; And if you feel you are using one after above incidence,then probably it will be a replica ( not original) that you are using and neither Samsung nor anyone else will help you in case of any problems since it's not a legal instrument.
MirzaSohail, 14 Oct 2016After Note 7 tragic crash i short listed these devices S7 edge,Iphone 7+,LG v20 and Huawei p9+... moreS7 edge; S7 edge
Anonymous, 14 Oct 2016but people that want to keep it note 5 is good enough for now if you want to just get note in ... moreSony has a poor software comparing to samsung; Sony has a poor software comparing to samsung
but people that want to keep it note 5 is good enough for now if you want to just get note in your hands !! return your lovely note 7 with its tragedic end it is a risk it can cause a bad damage to you and your body or your house family your car it can ruin your car .. your love for galaxy note 7 is like love methamphetamines!!! samsung will make another for you soon or maybe they fix the problem and bring back note 7 to the market !! or go for lovely sony and their quality will kiss you !; but people that want to keep it note 5 is good enough for now if you want to just get note in your hands !! return your lovely note 7 with its tragedic end it is a risk it can cause a bad damage to you and your body or your house family your car it can ruin your car .. your love for galaxy note 7 is like love methamphetamines!!! samsung will make another for you soon or maybe they fix the problem and bring back note 7 to the market !! or go for lovely sony and their quality will kiss you !
this is the best phone in the world .... loooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool; this is the best phone in the world .... loooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool
Good. Don't forget to keep it at home while taking flight or public transport... clueless and brainless people talking about technology...; Good. Don't forget to keep it at home while taking flight or public transport... clueless and brainless people talking about technology...
MirzaSohail, 14 Oct 2016After Note 7 tragic crash i short listed these devices S7 edge,Iphone 7+,LG v20 and Huawei p9+... moreThe minute you said you had reservations about iPhone is the minute you should discount a phone,, what is point of owning a device that will impede you daily use of a phone,,i have same problems where buying iPhone would impact on my daily life and cause more trouble than its worth.
 
 you should always buy phone which suites your needs but you are def not alone with millions asking what to buy now.this vid may help,She says lg v20 not a very good display.
 
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FnOA0VpEfsY; The minute you said you had reservations about iPhone is the minute you should discount a phone,, what is point of owning a device that will impede you daily use of a phone,,i have same problems where buying iPhone would impact on my daily life and cause more trouble than its worth.; you should always buy phone which suites your needs but you are def not alone with millions asking what to buy now.this vid may help,She says lg v20 not a very good display.
I love my note 7 just as I loved my notes 2, 3, 4, and 5. Very sad about this situation. Got version 2 and thought all was good.; I love my note 7 just as I loved my notes 2, 3, 4, and 5. Very sad about this situation. Got version 2 and thought all was good.
After Note 7 tragic crash i short listed these devices S7 edge,Iphone 7+,LG v20 and Huawei p9+. Plz advise me which one I should go for.Note 7 was my get n go option but now I have above options,I using Android for years now but never been on iOS platform.But this time I am seriously thinking to try Iphone but there are some serious reservations for me like there is no head phone jack, no sd card support etc...I know Apple has brand value n resale value too.well I am really a heavy user currently owns Note5.
 Just need fair n justified Advice...; After Note 7 tragic crash i short listed these devices S7 edge,Iphone 7+,LG v20 and Huawei p9+. Plz advise me which one I should go for.Note 7 was my get n go option but now I have above options,I using Android for years now but never been on iOS platform.But this time I am seriously thinking to try Iphone but there are some serious reservations for me like there is no head phone jack, no sd card support etc...I know Apple has brand value n resale value too.well I am really a heavy user currently owns Note5.; Just need fair n justified Advice...
Best phone ever by Samsung, very sorry about it :( Still there is no phone available with hardware near note7 even gorilla glass 5, cat12 also very new accessories wasted :(; Best phone ever by Samsung, very sorry about it :( Still there is no phone available with hardware near note7 even gorilla glass 5, cat12 also very new accessories wasted :(
PARAG B, 13 Oct 2016It seems that every major smartphone OEM is just trying to take advantage of Note7's situation... more"..cud flash a custom rom on Note7 and keep it going if they are not having any issues of battery overheating or other battery complication"????
 
 That's a very irrational, and irresponsible advice. The battery was larger than the designed chasis, so the battery was compacted. This results in a possible short-circuit situation when the battery expands.
 
 It's dangerous. Owners of the Note7 who are thinking of keeping it are in high risk once that sealed and tight compacted battery starts expanding. As someone like me who have actually used and enjoyed using the Note7 for 45 days, I absolutely advice people to return it.
 
 It's just too short-sighted and shellfish to keep the Note7, even "if they are not having any issues of battery overheating or other battery complication".; "..cud flash a custom rom on Note7 and keep it going if they are not having any issues of battery overheating or other battery complication"????; That's a very irrational, and irresponsible advice. The battery was larger than the designed chasis, so the battery was compacted. This results in a possible short-circuit situation when the battery expands.; It's dangerous. Owners of the Note7 who are thinking of keeping it are in high risk once that sealed and tight compacted battery starts expanding. As someone like me who have actually used and enjoyed using the Note7 for 45 days, I absolutely advice people to return it.; It's just too short-sighted and shellfish to keep the Note7, even "if they are not having any issues of battery overheating or other battery complication".
Equinox Hydroid, 13 Oct 2016Now u r happy with your note 5 :DI wud have very happy if i wud have been a hypocrite and cynical person like few ppl here.I think u know who all are those ppl i am talking abt.
 but I really feel bad & sorry for Note7 cause it was also on my buying list inspite of me not liking its camera and edges much..but now lets see what price does lg v20 gets launched here in india that will majorly decide whether i will keep my note5 or buy LG V20 OR THE IPHONE 7 PLUS 128GB.; I wud have very happy if i wud have been a hypocrite and cynical person like few ppl here.I think u know who all are those ppl i am talking abt.; but I really feel bad & sorry for Note7 cause it was also on my buying list inspite of me not liking its camera and edges much..but now lets see what price does lg v20 gets launched here in india that will majorly decide whether i will keep my note5 or buy LG V20 OR THE IPHONE 7 PLUS 128GB.
It seems that every major smartphone OEM is just trying to take advantage of Note7's situation & pricing there new smartphones mainly flagship phablets rediculasly high in India ,In the mean while LG V20 says "wait for me i am also coming with a 78k price","now howwzz that"??? Lol LG will also go crazy abt pricing the LG V20..LOL The best thing to do for people who got the recalled note7 cud flash a custom rom on Note7 and keep it going if they are not having any issues of battery overheating or other battery complications...; It seems that every major smartphone OEM is just trying to take advantage of Note7's situation & pricing there new smartphones mainly flagship phablets rediculasly high in India ,In the mean while LG V20 says "wait for me i am also coming with a 78k price","now howwzz that"??? Lol LG will also go crazy abt pricing the LG V20..LOL The best thing to do for people who got the recalled note7 cud flash a custom rom on Note7 and keep it going if they are not having any issues of battery overheating or other battery complications...
Really really upset about note 7 although I'm not a Samsung user. The funny thing is that last year I wanted to buy note 5 but unfortunately wasn't available in eu. So I expected note 7 but after that seems I have to wait a little longer. I hope Samsung not stop the note series. 
 Finishing just want to say to all those who are really enjoying and making fun about this Samsung issue that they really dont love smartphones. Actually they love only only a brand.; Really really upset about note 7 although I'm not a Samsung user. The funny thing is that last year I wanted to buy note 5 but unfortunately wasn't available in eu. So I expected note 7 but after that seems I have to wait a little longer. I hope Samsung not stop the note series.; Finishing just want to say to all those who are really enjoying and making fun about this Samsung issue that they really dont love smartphones. Actually they love only only a brand.
Anonymous, 13 Oct 2016i here it has experienced a series of spontaneous combustion.. is it real?I didn't read about that; I didn't read about that
Equinox Hydroid, 13 Oct 2016Yes there are reports from korea stating thati here it has experienced a series of spontaneous combustion.. is it real?; i here it has experienced a series of spontaneous combustion.. is it real?
Very beautiful phone. I hope to see this design on S8 with dual camera with dual pixel on both cam. Samsung give everything you got. Make S8 the best smartphone ever; Very beautiful phone. I hope to see this design on S8 with dual camera with dual pixel on both cam. Samsung give everything you got. Make S8 the best smartphone ever
Note 7 is dead R.I.P to that but note 5 is the way to go love it; Note 7 is dead R.I.P to that but note 5 is the way to go love it
R.I.P dead phone still love Samsung; R.I.P dead phone still love Samsung
nima, 13 Oct 2016please some one answer me is it true that samsung stop peroduce note for ever?Yes.; Yes.
PARAG B, 13 Oct 2016I guess samsung will have to make a video for those few note7 owners requesting them to return... moreNow u r happy with your note 5 :D; Now u r happy with your note 5 :D
nima, 13 Oct 2016please some one answer me is it true that samsung stop peroduce note for ever?Yes there are reports from korea stating that; Yes there are reports from korea stating that
nima, 13 Oct 2016please some one answer me is it true that samsung stop peroduce note for ever?It still exist. They rebrand it next year. It is a Note but just named differently. The same way Google kills off Nexus and give birth to Pixel. Also how Sony Xperia Z got replaced by Xperia X.; It still exist. They rebrand it next year. It is a Note but just named differently. The same way Google kills off Nexus and give birth to Pixel. Also how Sony Xperia Z got replaced by Xperia X.
nima, 13 Oct 2016please some one answer me is it true that samsung stop peroduce note for ever?Yes.; Yes.
It was one of the best note devices.have a doubt like if the company somehow is able to find the problem and rectify it,are they going to sell it#HOPES.; It was one of the best note devices.have a doubt like if the company somehow is able to find the problem and rectify it,are they going to sell it#HOPES.
So first off they thought it was a good idea to Skip the number 6 cause apparently that made sense.. and then you make a phone that catches fire... 
 
 Congrats Samsung for failing so hard 2016; So first off they thought it was a good idea to Skip the number 6 cause apparently that made sense.. and then you make a phone that catches fire...; Congrats Samsung for failing so hard 2016
nima, 13 Oct 2016please some one answer me is it true that samsung stop peroduce note for ever?@nima - Yes. The Galaxy Note 7 is dead. Some rumors have also claimed that Samsung may even kill off the Note brand, although, that's unlikely at this point.; @nima - Yes. The Galaxy Note 7 is dead. Some rumors have also claimed that Samsung may even kill off the Note brand, although, that's unlikely at this point.
I really honestly and truly believe that Apple have 'planted' a bug in the Note 7's software. It's ridiculous for Samsung to 'slip up' like this. I love my Note 4 and am really disappointed the 7 has been discontinued. I'd be looking for a Gremlin!!!!; I really honestly and truly believe that Apple have 'planted' a bug in the Note 7's software. It's ridiculous for Samsung to 'slip up' like this. I love my Note 4 and am really disappointed the 7 has been discontinued. I'd be looking for a Gremlin!!!!
please some one answer me is it true that samsung stop peroduce note for ever?; please some one answer me is it true that samsung stop peroduce note for ever?
Waiting for note8; Waiting for note8
If after so many years of experience, Samsung comes up with a phone that catches fire, it means that the world has really turned upside down.; If after so many years of experience, Samsung comes up with a phone that catches fire, it means that the world has really turned upside down.
If after so many years of experience, Samsung comes up with a phone that catches fire, it means that the world has really turned upside down.; If after so many years of experience, Samsung comes up with a phone that catches fire, it means that the world has really turned upside down.
abood, 13 Oct 2016i got one and i dont know what im going to do with it lol still considering keeping it or retu... moreSamsung will eventually brick all Note7's that aren't returned. If one explodes and causes damage they will get sued, they don't want that. Return it and get your money back. Buy an S7 edge, it's essentially the same phone.; Samsung will eventually brick all Note7's that aren't returned. If one explodes and causes damage they will get sued, they don't want that. Return it and get your money back. Buy an S7 edge, it's essentially the same phone.
I had all kind of Samsung Galaxy Notes till Samsung Galaxy Note 4 including, and I was eager to get the next Note as the 5,but I discovered it is far not I was looking for. The Note 7, was an interesting choice but not what I expecteded. I nice gadget but not a "hit", and the battery problems killed totally my interest for good. Samsung made huge mistakes reducing the sampling time, leaving the FM radio, and the camera is not even a perfect one. Samsung unfortunately is losing the trust and subsequently the market share.; I had all kind of Samsung Galaxy Notes till Samsung Galaxy Note 4 including, and I was eager to get the next Note as the 5,but I discovered it is far not I was looking for. The Note 7, was an interesting choice but not what I expecteded. I nice gadget but not a "hit", and the battery problems killed totally my interest for good. Samsung made huge mistakes reducing the sampling time, leaving the FM radio, and the camera is not even a perfect one. Samsung unfortunately is losing the trust and subsequently the market share.
lee, 13 Oct 2016guyss please help me do i need to refucn or exchgane with samsung s7 edge i don't like to go f... moreGet an LG V20 its bigger than the note; Get an LG V20 its bigger than the note
abood, 13 Oct 2016i got one and i dont know what im going to do with it lol still considering keeping it or retu... morethere is no update in future for this phone ! samsung leave you with android marshmallow and all the bugs that appear in . Galaxy note 7 is dead; there is no update in future for this phone ! samsung leave you with android marshmallow and all the bugs that appear in . Galaxy note 7 is dead
R.I.P Galaxy Note7 ( 19.08.2016 - 11.10.2016); R.I.P Galaxy Note7 ( 19.08.2016 - 11.10.2016)
Haniev, 13 Oct 2016the last note lineage and the last note brand.. hopefully they realize they sold overpriced ov... moreThe Note line was indeed getting ridiculously overpriced with every new generation. Feels actually good to see that its discontinued. What a mess of a phone.; The Note line was indeed getting ridiculously overpriced with every new generation. Feels actually good to see that its discontinued. What a mess of a phone.
I guess samsung will have to make a video for those few note7 owners requesting them to return there Note7.Lol .Jokes apart ,I must say ->what a mess and what a harsh decision from samsung .now this will lead to every Other oems will overprice there capable phablets and try take advantage of fhe note7's situation.; I guess samsung will have to make a video for those few note7 owners requesting them to return there Note7.Lol .Jokes apart ,I must say ->what a mess and what a harsh decision from samsung .now this will lead to every Other oems will overprice there capable phablets and try take advantage of fhe note7's situation.
I think Samsung was in a hurry to release note 7 to compete with I phone 7 which is another overpriced version of I phone 6. I was planning to buy the note 7 but got saved will stick with my A8 for some more time.; I think Samsung was in a hurry to release note 7 to compete with I phone 7 which is another overpriced version of I phone 6. I was planning to buy the note 7 but got saved will stick with my A8 for some more time.
Samsung will cancel the note line report from south Korea says; Samsung will cancel the note line report from south Korea says
ovidelis, 12 Oct 2016I want to buy a note 7 and... I dont now how.i dont found it în RO.I'm sad.i got one and i dont know what im going to do with it lol still considering keeping it or returning it back to Samsung; i got one and i dont know what im going to do with it lol still considering keeping it or returning it back to Samsung
the last note lineage and the last note brand.. hopefully they realize they sold overpriced overrated android..; the last note lineage and the last note brand.. hopefully they realize they sold overpriced overrated android..
Anonymous, 12 Oct 2016All those phones in the bin, can i get one free lol????They dont trash it ... you will find the parts in another phone soon; They dont trash it ... you will find the parts in another phone soon
Yes I'm keeping mine it doesnt even get hot, i love it to much. I'll charge it when i'm near it in day, not asleep........ I have a metal cover anyhow on back; Yes I'm keeping mine it doesnt even get hot, i love it to much. I'll charge it when i'm near it in day, not asleep........ I have a metal cover anyhow on back
I guess it could last 2 years with MM on it, then upgrade if you have no issues. I wonder who has kept and who's returned?......I mean u wont get upgrades software but in 2 years u upgrade anyhow; I guess it could last 2 years with MM on it, then upgrade if you have no issues. I wonder who has kept and who's returned?......I mean u wont get upgrades software but in 2 years u upgrade anyhow
Cam, 12 Oct 2016We I'm done with Samsung after God knows how many years of being a loyal customer, No customer... moreThe note line will still trump anything apple will put out, no doubt about that. As for me, ill be holding out on 2016 flagships until the next note comes out, hopefully without battery issues and better than ever. An xperia z3 will have to be my temporary ha dset until then. It's cheap, water resistant, has a good battery life, a decent camera, and marshmallow support. An iphone 7 just doesn't justify the expensive downgrade.; The note line will still trump anything apple will put out, no doubt about that. As for me, ill be holding out on 2016 flagships until the next note comes out, hopefully without battery issues and better than ever. An xperia z3 will have to be my temporary ha dset until then. It's cheap, water resistant, has a good battery life, a decent camera, and marshmallow support. An iphone 7 just doesn't justify the expensive downgrade.
Dont skip a number. Sony skipped z4. Z5 is a massive failure. Now Sammy skipped Note 6. Note 7 is a suicide. Lolololol; Dont skip a number. Sony skipped z4. Z5 is a massive failure. Now Sammy skipped Note 6. Note 7 is a suicide. Lolololol
I'm at the disgust of how Samsung failed at how they tried to stuff in a large battery yet did not figure that was potentially dangerous.
 
 That's the reason why they went for just 3000 mAh battery on last year's Note, and adding that extra 400 mAh with such a tight space was a bad idea.
 
 I've maintained removable battery to be standard for practical reasons - changing to fresher batteries yearly at minimal cost increases the safety factor. Just remember to buy originals.
 
 Samsung will likely stick with sealed battery for their next flagships. So much with for my first phone with a sealed battery... I really would not care for the Note lineup if it wasn't for the Wacom digitizer pen.
 
 I've been testing the Note7's S Pen and comparing it with the Note 3's on my Note 3- the Note7's is really better, with a finer tip and pressure level control! I'm keeping the Note7's S Pen. Small compensation for the trouble. It fits the S Pen silo.
 
 Returned the Note7.; I'm at the disgust of how Samsung failed at how they tried to stuff in a large battery yet did not figure that was potentially dangerous.; That's the reason why they went for just 3000 mAh battery on last year's Note, and adding that extra 400 mAh with such a tight space was a bad idea.; I've maintained removable battery to be standard for practical reasons - changing to fresher batteries yearly at minimal cost increases the safety factor. Just remember to buy originals.; Samsung will likely stick with sealed battery for their next flagships. So much with for my first phone with a sealed battery... I really would not care for the Note lineup if it wasn't for the Wacom digitizer pen.; I've been testing the Note7's S Pen and comparing it with the Note 3's on my Note 3- the Note7's is really better, with a finer tip and pressure level control! I'm keeping the Note7's S Pen. Small compensation for the trouble. It fits the S Pen silo.; Returned the Note7.
Such a shame. This is the most perfect phone there is. A very costly oversight on samsung's part.; Such a shame. This is the most perfect phone there is. A very costly oversight on samsung's part.
guyss please help me do i need to refucn or exchgane with samsung s7 edge i don't like to go for a smaller screen; guyss please help me do i need to refucn or exchgane with samsung s7 edge i don't like to go for a smaller screen
Don't risk your lives please, if you have it return to Samsung Immediately.; Don't risk your lives please, if you have it return to Samsung Immediately.
The problem with keeping the Note 7, even if yours seems fine (as does my replacement), is that you probably will never get Android 7 or firmware updates. Stuck with what you have in 10/2016. The new LG V20 looks very comparable and I am trying to find out when my carrier will have it.; The problem with keeping the Note 7, even if yours seems fine (as does my replacement), is that you probably will never get Android 7 or firmware updates. Stuck with what you have in 10/2016. The new LG V20 looks very comparable and I am trying to find out when my carrier will have it.
We I'm done with Samsung after God knows how many years of being a loyal customer, No customer service, lack of knowledge about their own product is disgraceful..
 Note 7 was a truly amazing phone, i can't deny that..
 I am excepting no old handset from Samsung or my network provider just to keep Samsung profits up, bit the bullet & will soon be a proud owner of a iphone7 plus..; We I'm done with Samsung after God knows how many years of being a loyal customer, No customer service, lack of knowledge about their own product is disgraceful..; Note 7 was a truly amazing phone, i can't deny that..; I am excepting no old handset from Samsung or my network provider just to keep Samsung profits up, bit the bullet & will soon be a proud owner of a iphone7 plus..
Julliard, 11 Oct 2016Note7 should be displayed in tech museum to teach people the history of smartphone. The dos an... moreHowever it was called the best phone ever made. I think it was a set up. I have 3 programs monitoring this phone. I havnt even noticed a hiccup. I've been powerusing charging and playing. I'm really doing what I can to test this thing. They won't be getting mine back. I have precautions. Don't worry about updates. I'll just get them from google since this is a android device.; However it was called the best phone ever made. I think it was a set up. I have 3 programs monitoring this phone. I havnt even noticed a hiccup. I've been powerusing charging and playing. I'm really doing what I can to test this thing. They won't be getting mine back. I have precautions. Don't worry about updates. I'll just get them from google since this is a android device.
Anth0ny, 11 Oct 2016To all the people that not thinking straight and plan to keep there note 7. Here is something... moreI will be keeping it. Like samsung keeps up with updates anyway. This is the best phone ever. I don't think there ever was a battery issue. It's a fucking masterpiece! Yes it is sad it will have to be unlocked however. Updates are actually a easy fix.; I will be keeping it. Like samsung keeps up with updates anyway. This is the best phone ever. I don't think there ever was a battery issue. It's a fucking masterpiece! Yes it is sad it will have to be unlocked however. Updates are actually a easy fix.
Anonymous, 12 Oct 2016Will not send back mine..no problem except in the airport..just need extra fon when in flights... moreDon't risk please go for S7 edge as your note 7 will be useless; Don't risk please go for S7 edge as your note 7 will be useless
Will not send back mine..no problem except in the airport..just need extra fon when in flights or use digital camera for photos..booze no other fon like this for now..; Will not send back mine..no problem except in the airport..just need extra fon when in flights or use digital camera for photos..booze no other fon like this for now..
Yep, this is a right move. RIP; Yep, this is a right move. RIP
I want to buy a note 7 and... I dont now how.i dont found it în RO.I'm sad.; I want to buy a note 7 and... I dont now how.i dont found it în RO.I'm sad.
rip note 7. maybe next time Samsung will make a non explosive note; rip note 7. maybe next time Samsung will make a non explosive note
Anonymous, 12 Oct 2016i bought note 7 aboard and local samsung dont want to accept. they kept saying i need to go ba... moreWhere did you buy it?; Where did you buy it?
AhmedHadi, 12 Oct 2016Yeah, so? The last update my Mega 6.3 got was 2 years ago and I'm still using it daily with no... moreRight. you are one of those that don't see security patches and bug fixes as being important. 
 then by all means keep your Note 7. and if you don't have one. i'm sure you could get one real cheap now.; Right. you are one of those that don't see security patches and bug fixes as being important.; then by all means keep your Note 7. and if you don't have one. i'm sure you could get one real cheap now.
Niki, 12 Oct 2016This is truly depressing atm! Hard to see it die and even harder giving it away!&#128547; ... moreHahaha. Good farewell msg; Hahaha. Good farewell msg
i bought note 7 aboard and local samsung dont want to accept. they kept saying i need to go back to that country for replacement. please help me please; i bought note 7 aboard and local samsung dont want to accept. they kept saying i need to go back to that country for replacement. please help me please
Asurasonic86, 12 Oct 2016I had a strong feeling that Samsung will make a Note 6.Hhhhh please check sammobile they are already now thinking to end the note series; Hhhhh please check sammobile they are already now thinking to end the note series
This is truly depressing atm! Hard to see it die and even harder giving it away!&#128547; I'm using the original dual sim galaxy note 7 and I see no defects in. Not even a over heating issues I faces in my s6. I really don't get it whether it's a scam just to spoil the brand name or are all these explosion reports real! NOTE 7 U SHALL BE REMEMBERED FOREVER.; This is truly depressing atm! Hard to see it die and even harder giving it away!&#128547; I'm using the original dual sim galaxy note 7 and I see no defects in. Not even a over heating issues I faces in my s6. I really don't get it whether it's a scam just to spoil the brand name or are all these explosion reports real! NOTE 7 U SHALL BE REMEMBERED FOREVER.
Samarlian, 11 Oct 2016I have this phone and its outstanding nothing comes near its performance, had my first Note 7 ... moreI'm in the same boat! I love the note 7 really don't want to give it up and there isn't anything on the market I want now! I feel like I'm a brat! I don't want the s7 as it's so small and I've been using notes for years! I want to see if I can get them to put an instant upgrade on my account as soon as they make a phone I actually want!; I'm in the same boat! I love the note 7 really don't want to give it up and there isn't anything on the market I want now! I feel like I'm a brat! I don't want the s7 as it's so small and I've been using notes for years! I want to see if I can get them to put an instant upgrade on my account as soon as they make a phone I actually want!
All those phones in the bin, can i get one free lol????; All those phones in the bin, can i get one free lol????
They will just re do it and in 3months Note 7 again then 8 9 10 so why worry; They will just re do it and in 3months Note 7 again then 8 9 10 so why worry
I had a strong feeling that Samsung will make a Note 6.; I had a strong feeling that Samsung will make a Note 6.
Anonymous, 11 Oct 2016Just got mine this past saturday and I truly don't want to give it upDitto. Got mine 3 days ago :((((; Ditto. Got mine 3 days ago :((((
I have been waiting for the galaxy note7 for more than half of year.. and still waiting because i trust samsung will provide the best quality product after fixing the issue on note7. I will definitely buy the most beautiful & powerful note7 whenever it will be available in india. I wish the Samsung all the best and keep our faith intact.; I have been waiting for the galaxy note7 for more than half of year.. and still waiting because i trust samsung will provide the best quality product after fixing the issue on note7. I will definitely buy the most beautiful & powerful note7 whenever it will be available in india. I wish the Samsung all the best and keep our faith intact.
RIP note 7; RIP note 7
if Note 7 and iPhone 7 using Li-Polymer battery. there its will be no destrucked Note 7 and iPhone 7 news.; if Note 7 and iPhone 7 using Li-Polymer battery. there its will be no destrucked Note 7 and iPhone 7 news.
what a letdown well your note 5 and my s7 edge wont get old sooner; what a letdown well your note 5 and my s7 edge wont get old sooner
Samarlian, 11 Oct 2016I have this phone and its outstanding nothing comes near its performance, had my first Note 7 ... moreI am on the same boat i really don't to return mine and i am hoping the investigation come with positive results stating the note 7 are save; I am on the same boat i really don't to return mine and i am hoping the investigation come with positive results stating the note 7 are save
All that destroyed by a non removable battery, don't rush to replace removable batteries.; All that destroyed by a non removable battery, don't rush to replace removable batteries.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 10 Oct 2016First Galaxy Note had 256 levels of pressure sensitivity. Note II and 3 had 1024 levels of pre... moreRIP to your beloved Note 7.
 Samsung discontinue Note 7 and refund is everywhere.
 It will not beat Note 5, especially safety,
 Note 5 rules!; RIP to your beloved Note 7.; Samsung discontinue Note 7 and refund is everywhere.; It will not beat Note 5, especially safety,; Note 5 rules!
Refused my shipment from FedEx yesterday on advice from Verizon. Loved the functionality of this phone, don't understand why Samsung does not just use the battery from the Note 5 and bite the bullet on shorter life. Give the option of a wireless add-on for the back. Samsung stepped up with a credit on the first recall, for trouble, but absolutely nothing now. Spoke with Samsung today to be sure they had nothing to offer, answer was, nope. Lost me as a customer, other than the stylus functionality, a lot of other phones are just as good.; Refused my shipment from FedEx yesterday on advice from Verizon. Loved the functionality of this phone, don't understand why Samsung does not just use the battery from the Note 5 and bite the bullet on shorter life. Give the option of a wireless add-on for the back. Samsung stepped up with a credit on the first recall, for trouble, but absolutely nothing now. Spoke with Samsung today to be sure they had nothing to offer, answer was, nope. Lost me as a customer, other than the stylus functionality, a lot of other phones are just as good.
OMG! It was discontinued now?; OMG! It was discontinued now?
Anth0ny, 11 Oct 2016To all the people that not thinking straight and plan to keep there note 7. Here is something... moreits ok
 Note 7 is excellence even without future software updates.; its ok; Note 7 is excellence even without future software updates.
Bunyip22, 12 Oct 2016I am a Samsung fan and love the GN7. The camera is awesome but there were some obvious short c... moreI'm also thinking the S7 as an option. It's the same cash out of $25 for subsidized Note 4 for my overdure plan renewal. Thank you appreciating the work I posted - you see how I deemed the S Pen as a very important element in my acquiring a Galaxy Note.
 
 Then again, I'd like to see what Samsung would do with the Note8. I can still do away with the Note 3 for the meantime. 
 
 I'm returning the Note7 to my Telco tomorrow. So sad and happy at the same time.; I'm also thinking the S7 as an option. It's the same cash out of $25 for subsidized Note 4 for my overdure plan renewal. Thank you appreciating the work I posted - you see how I deemed the S Pen as a very important element in my acquiring a Galaxy Note.; Then again, I'd like to see what Samsung would do with the Note8. I can still do away with the Note 3 for the meantime.; I'm returning the Note7 to my Telco tomorrow. So sad and happy at the same time.
AhmedHadi, 12 Oct 2016Yeah, so? The last update my Mega 6.3 got was 2 years ago and I'm still using it daily with no... moreBut will it explode or burn?; But will it explode or burn?
Very nice phone, never once had a problem with it. Shame about the double recall though, was really beginning to love it. On the bright side, I get reimbursed fully.; Very nice phone, never once had a problem with it. Shame about the double recall though, was really beginning to love it. On the bright side, I get reimbursed fully.
What a nice phone, I will really hardhearted about Note 7 indecent. Now I trust more on Samsung because customer safety is there first priority. Waiting for Galaxy S8.; What a nice phone, I will really hardhearted about Note 7 indecent. Now I trust more on Samsung because customer safety is there first priority. Waiting for Galaxy S8.
It's was past although but it was awesome features.....; It's was past although but it was awesome features.....
I am a Samsung fan and love the GN7. The camera is awesome but there were some obvious short cuts taken... hopefully this is a warning for all companies. I will be returning the GN7 now and will see what the GN8 brings.... will keep the charger, headphones, adapter etc as compensation.
 
 I ordered an S7 for my wife a week ago but will probably use it instead... sorry love :-).
 
 EDIT I won't be pre-ordering a phone again. Will give it a month for the price to drop and the bugs to come to light.; I am a Samsung fan and love the GN7. The camera is awesome but there were some obvious short cuts taken... hopefully this is a warning for all companies. I will be returning the GN7 now and will see what the GN8 brings.... will keep the charger, headphones, adapter etc as compensation.; I ordered an S7 for my wife a week ago but will probably use it instead... sorry love :-).; EDIT I won't be pre-ordering a phone again. Will give it a month for the price to drop and the bugs to come to light.
ObiWan/BoyNext Door , 11 Oct 2016Hey Neighbour, i don't know if you remember, but a few months ago i wrote you a long post s... moreI know, right!? I hope removable battery will be back. Even when I was using the Note7, I still maintained that glass back and sealed battery are a pain. Now using my old Note 3 with 10,000 mAh extended battery, enjoying some 18 hours of heavy use, 8 hours as hotspot, 3 GB data, with 15-20% battery left.
 
 However, I really wanted the f/1.7 camera and very improved S Pen. At least I got to actually use them for 45 days.
 
 Watching back the YouTube reviews of the Note 4, and looks like the video camera has focusing issues. There's just none with the Note7.
 
 Note 4's S Pen is very good, but not as sharp and responsive as the 4096 levels of pressure of the Note7's S Pen.
 
 I'll also miss the secure folder, gif creation, glance function.; I know, right!? I hope removable battery will be back. Even when I was using the Note7, I still maintained that glass back and sealed battery are a pain. Now using my old Note 3 with 10,000 mAh extended battery, enjoying some 18 hours of heavy use, 8 hours as hotspot, 3 GB data, with 15-20% battery left.; However, I really wanted the f/1.7 camera and very improved S Pen. At least I got to actually use them for 45 days.; Watching back the YouTube reviews of the Note 4, and looks like the video camera has focusing issues. There's just none with the Note7.; Note 4's S Pen is very good, but not as sharp and responsive as the 4096 levels of pressure of the Note7's S Pen.; I'll also miss the secure folder, gif creation, glance function.
Anth0ny, 11 Oct 2016To all the people that not thinking straight and plan to keep there note 7. Here is something... moreYeah, so? The last update my Mega 6.3 got was 2 years ago and I'm still using it daily with no problems and is functioning just fine.; Yeah, so? The last update my Mega 6.3 got was 2 years ago and I'm still using it daily with no problems and is functioning just fine.
Removeble battery would have saved note 7; Removeble battery would have saved note 7
To all the people that not thinking straight and plan to keep there note 7.
 Here is something your twisted mind would understand.....
 There will be NO SOFTWARE UPDATES for this phone.
 Are you still going to keep it??; To all the people that not thinking straight and plan to keep there note 7.; Here is something your twisted mind would understand.....; There will be NO SOFTWARE UPDATES for this phone.; Are you still going to keep it??
danicasmommy27, 11 Oct 2016Me too! I deferred my upgrade for an entire year waiting on this phone. I finally got one (the... moreDitch it. Before other people get hurt.; Ditch it. Before other people get hurt.
I was waiting for this phone for sometime, previous phone was Note 4, reluctantly wanted to give phone back..
 Fair enough Samsung has stopped producing this handset, what reimbursement have I received for the inconvenience this has caused, that's a big middle finger to the customer, I think personally..
 Samsung you have ran away from your issues, very disappointed in a company I swore by for sometime now..; I was waiting for this phone for sometime, previous phone was Note 4, reluctantly wanted to give phone back..; Fair enough Samsung has stopped producing this handset, what reimbursement have I received for the inconvenience this has caused, that's a big middle finger to the customer, I think personally..; Samsung you have ran away from your issues, very disappointed in a company I swore by for sometime now..
I have this phone and its outstanding nothing comes near its performance, had my first Note 7 on 31st August until recall and swapped for newer model on 24th September and now its recalled again on 11th October. I can have a full refund or swap for S7 or S7 edge argh if i wanted a S7 would of upgraded earlier. So frustrated as i have waited 3 months to upgrade to the Note 7 and there is noting else on the market i want. Just dont know what to do; I have this phone and its outstanding nothing comes near its performance, had my first Note 7 on 31st August until recall and swapped for newer model on 24th September and now its recalled again on 11th October. I can have a full refund or swap for S7 or S7 edge argh if i wanted a S7 would of upgraded earlier. So frustrated as i have waited 3 months to upgrade to the Note 7 and there is noting else on the market i want. Just dont know what to do
danicasmommy27, 11 Oct 2016Me too! I deferred my upgrade for an entire year waiting on this phone. I finally got one (the... moreJust got mine this past saturday and I truly don't want to give it up; Just got mine this past saturday and I truly don't want to give it up
RIP not 7; RIP not 7
Julliard, 11 Oct 2016Note7 should be displayed in tech museum to teach people the history of smartphone. The dos an... moretrue history xD; true history xD
Equinox Hydroid, 11 Oct 2016Same here :(Me too! I deferred my upgrade for an entire year waiting on this phone. I finally got one (the 2nd batch), and I do not want to give it up!! I am so sad, it is the baddest phone I have owned thus far!! Lol, I know, ridiculous, but my birthday's Sunday, and it was also my birthday present.; Me too! I deferred my upgrade for an entire year waiting on this phone. I finally got one (the 2nd batch), and I do not want to give it up!! I am so sad, it is the baddest phone I have owned thus far!! Lol, I know, ridiculous, but my birthday's Sunday, and it was also my birthday present.
A lesson for all phone manufacturers!
 
 Do not underestimate your clients! Test your devices!
 They sold me a Galaxy A5 with a software bug, and didn't want to replace it, or acknowledge the error! 
 
 Karma is an explosive thing!; A lesson for all phone manufacturers!; Do not underestimate your clients! Test your devices!; They sold me a Galaxy A5 with a software bug, and didn't want to replace it, or acknowledge the error!; Karma is an explosive thing!
er.rohit, 11 Oct 2016Waiting for Next Note with S Pen, Now happy with Note 5, but never buy another smartphone. ya bro me too Samsume Note for me im with u; ya bro me too Samsume Note for me im with u
&#304; have recommanded do you want to buy samsung galaxy note 7 you can buy in turkish or in romanian his stiil available; &#304; have recommanded do you want to buy samsung galaxy note 7 you can buy in turkish or in romanian his stiil available
nkwama, 11 Oct 2016So guys help please. Which one is better, Galaxy Note 7 or M61 Grenade? i think you shoud go for grenade it is cheaper than note7 hahaha; i think you shoud go for grenade it is cheaper than note7 hahaha
RIP Galaxy Note 7.. The biggest failure, disaster for flagship grade of the year... ..
 
 For Samsung Note Series fans,, be strong.. be cool.. We know ur frustration.. :); RIP Galaxy Note 7.. The biggest failure, disaster for flagship grade of the year... ..; For Samsung Note Series fans,, be strong.. be cool.. We know ur frustration.. :)
Lickit, 11 Oct 2016Request to Samsung, to send each N7 to each person who has complete range of Notes 1 to 5,!... moreNote7 should be displayed in tech museum to teach people the history of smartphone. The dos and dont's. World record for being the shortest amount of time a smartphone ever take to be launched and discontinued within 2 months.; Note7 should be displayed in tech museum to teach people the history of smartphone. The dos and dont's. World record for being the shortest amount of time a smartphone ever take to be launched and discontinued within 2 months.
Who wants edge screen now so it will be s7 edge or s6 edge plus....in case of s pen so note 5 is the choice; Who wants edge screen now so it will be s7 edge or s6 edge plus....in case of s pen so note 5 is the choice
Tiger007, 11 Oct 2016i felt sorry for Samsung when i saw Note 7 Status: Discontinued HopesForS8Same here :(; Same here :(
Request to Samsung, to send each N7 to each person who has complete range of Notes 1 to 5,! As Memorabilia.; Request to Samsung, to send each N7 to each person who has complete range of Notes 1 to 5,! As Memorabilia.
N 7 demised, may God rest n fire! 
 Never ever imagined Samsung making hundreds of other models far years, each one must have a battery, then why 20th century technology and blasts & blasts.; N 7 demised, may God rest n fire!; Never ever imagined Samsung making hundreds of other models far years, each one must have a battery, then why 20th century technology and blasts & blasts.
i felt sorry for Samsung when i saw Note 7 Status: Discontinued
 HopesForS8; i felt sorry for Samsung when i saw Note 7 Status: 	Discontinued; HopesForS8
nkwama, 11 Oct 2016So guys help please. Which one is better, Galaxy Note 7 or M61 Grenade? Get a C4.; Get a C4.
So guys help please. Which one is better, Galaxy Note 7 or M61 Grenade?; So guys help please. Which one is better, Galaxy Note 7 or M61 Grenade?
Waiting for Next Note with S Pen, Now happy with Note 5, but never buy another smartphone.; Waiting for Next Note with S Pen, Now happy with Note 5, but never buy another smartphone.
vahid23, 11 Oct 2016Samsung made a mistake, you can't just skip note 6I cant believe people still talk about numbers. Even if its named as Note6 the faulty battery would still be there regardless. If your name were zahid instead of vahid would you still be commenting the same thing? I know you would.; I cant believe people still talk about numbers. Even if its named as Note6 the faulty battery would still be there regardless. If your name were zahid instead of vahid would you still be commenting the same thing? I know you would.
R.I.P. Note7, we will never forget your mind-blowing journey. You were just like fire. You were like a explosion, first very loud and then quiet. My heart will always burn for you.; R.I.P. Note7, we will never forget your mind-blowing journey. You were just like fire. You were like a explosion, first very loud and then quiet. My heart will always burn for you.
I guess it'll be a must for Samsung to bring removable batteries back on its future flagships after this loss!; I guess it'll be a must for Samsung to bring removable batteries back on its future flagships after this loss!
Samsung made a mistake, you can't just skip note 6; Samsung made a mistake, you can't just skip note 6
I use my old S3 charger on normal charge and my old and new note 7 doesnt get even warm. It takes longer to charge but i like that cause I charge it over night. It seems to hold the charge longer no matter how much I use the phone. Its 5 volts and .7 amps. Works great; I use my old S3 charger on normal charge and my old and new note 7 doesnt get even warm. It takes longer to charge but i like that cause I charge it over night. It seems to hold the charge longer no matter how much I use the phone. Its 5 volts and .7 amps. Works great
First time happened in the smartphone world to be discontinued after 2 months of advertisement ..
 .
 Rip #Note7 :'( you will not be forgotten :(
 SamsungJ2 User here :); First time happened in the smartphone world to be discontinued after 2 months of advertisement ..; .; Rip #Note7 :'( you will not be forgotten :(; SamsungJ2 User here :)
R.I.P note 7 long live note 5 move on Samsung; R.I.P note 7 long live note 5 move on Samsung
First time happened in the smartphone world to be discontinued after 2 months of advertisement ..
 .
 Rip #Note7 :'( you will not be forgotten :(
 SamsungJ2 User here :); First time happened in the smartphone world to be discontinued after 2 months of advertisement ..; .; Rip #Note7 :'( you will not be forgotten :(; SamsungJ2 User here :)
Discontinued note 7! Coming soon galaxy note 8!; Discontinued note 7! Coming soon galaxy note 8!
Discontinued. RIP Note7. Let's move on and look forward to Galaxy S8. Samsung must not fail next year to recover from loss sales and build reputation again.; Discontinued. RIP Note7. Let's move on and look forward to Galaxy S8. Samsung must not fail next year to recover from loss sales and build reputation again.
Hope the Galaxy Note 7 will have all its problems fixed once and for all T^T; Hope the Galaxy Note 7 will have all its problems fixed once and for all T^T
Unreal...and big shame....sad....i wish samsung all the vest and hoping that next product willbe successful; Unreal...and big shame....sad....i wish samsung all the vest and hoping that next product willbe successful
by by; by by
Equinox Hydroid, 11 Oct 2016imo Note 5 prices now will increase again as ots considered now as the last note edition now s... moreThey better buy the Note 5 Band-aid edition, the upgraded model of the Note 5 Pengate edition.; They better buy the Note 5 Band-aid edition, the upgraded model of the Note 5 Pengate edition.
Don't understand why Samsung don't rectify the issue and recall the current devices and after say 1-2 months when everything has died down, re-release the phone?
 
 Surely they know that there is a very loyal Note following and sales would still be decent.
 
 That would be better for the long term as now we have "Samsung, botched the Note7 and permanently withdrew it" versus "Samsung, botched the launch of the Note7 but rectified the problem and re-launched."
 
 Extremely disappointing as I love the phone.; Don't understand why Samsung don't rectify the issue and recall the current devices and after say 1-2 months when everything has died down, re-release the phone?; Surely they know that there is a very loyal Note following and sales would still be decent.; That would be better for the long term as now we have "Samsung, botched the Note7 and permanently withdrew it" versus "Samsung, botched the launch of the Note7 but rectified the problem and re-launched."; Extremely disappointing as I love the phone.
R.I.P Galaxy Note 7
 2016-2016; R.I.P Galaxy Note 7; 2016-2016
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 10 Oct 2016Note.5 is still UNDERWHELMING with NO memory expansion. I'm better off with a Note 4 with the ... moreHey Neighbour,
 
 i don't know if you remember, but a few months ago i wrote you a long post suggeting you to buy a Note 4. But you said you will still go for the Note7. We'll look at what has hapenned now......
 
 Anyways, you and I Know that this note 7 fiasco is secretly a blessing in disguise. now we can look forward to a removable battery Note 8 with real hope. 
 
 Still there is something very inherently sad about "Powering down your Note 7" for the very last time. Something almost as sad as looking at WTC twin towers on the night of September 10th 2001. or even Looking on as JFK waves back as his Lincoln SS-100-X turns a corner into Dealey plaza..... 
 
 anyways best wishes and also send my regards to your wife.; Hey Neighbour,; i don't know if you remember, but a few months ago i wrote you a long post suggeting you to buy a Note 4. But you said you will still go for the Note7. We'll look at what has hapenned now......; Anyways, you and I Know that this note 7 fiasco is secretly a blessing in disguise. now we can look forward to a removable battery Note 8 with real hope.; Still there is something very inherently sad about "Powering down your Note 7" for the very last time. Something almost as sad as looking at WTC twin towers on the night of September 10th 2001. or even Looking on as JFK waves back as his Lincoln SS-100-X turns a corner into Dealey plaza.....; anyways best wishes and also send my regards to your wife.
Note 7 was a sweet dream. We can assume it was never launched and Note 5 remains latest for 2 seasons. We can easily ignore sd card debates..; Note 7 was a sweet dream. We can assume it was never launched and Note 5 remains latest for 2 seasons. We can easily ignore sd card debates..
Samsung Galaxy Note 7 = Rest In Peace; Samsung Galaxy Note 7 = Rest In Peace
Every Samsung phone has its drawbacks. So go and buy other phones.; Every Samsung phone has its drawbacks. So go and buy other phones.
Note7 use 3500mah as s7edge use 3600mah.. think note7 should use 4000mah battery to make more space 3500 is not enough to handle that make cause explode.. anyway that all done as already scrapped.; Note7 use 3500mah as s7edge use 3600mah.. think note7 should use 4000mah battery to make more space 3500 is not enough to handle that make cause explode.. anyway that all done as already scrapped.
Please, put this handsome phone in a metal housing!!!; Please, put this handsome phone in a metal housing!!!
Bad "circuit design" and overall "no quality control" but mass produce made it a failed/defective hazardous product. When KARMA strikes, it strikes hard!!!; Bad "circuit design" and overall "no quality control" but mass produce made it a failed/defective hazardous product. When KARMA strikes, it strikes hard!!!
adiasandre96, 11 Oct 2016Do you know the meaning of "Discontinued"?Discontinued means, " withdrawn". Goodbye, Adios!
 I suspect a conspiracy against Samsung. How does Samsung get it wrong after making billions of super phones. Beats me! Samsung should get PI to look into 
 Apple dirty tricks. Who knows! Samsung will be back on its feet in a week or so. Its agreat brand. And the international media will keep talking of the end of Samsung. I plead with Samsung to build the next smartphone with a physical QUERTY keypad, like the Omnia, E5, Priv. Heres wishing Samsung mobile and its owner a quick recovery.; Discontinued means, " withdrawn". Goodbye, Adios!; I suspect a conspiracy against Samsung. How does Samsung get it wrong after making billions of super phones. Beats me! Samsung should get PI to look into; Apple dirty tricks. Who knows! Samsung will be back on its feet in a week or so. Its agreat brand. And the international media will keep talking of the end of Samsung. I plead with Samsung to build the next smartphone with a physical QUERTY keypad, like the Omnia, E5, Priv. Heres wishing Samsung mobile and its owner a quick recovery.
imo Note 5 prices now will increase again as ots considered now as the last note edition now so samsung must bring the new features of note 7 in the upcoming updates to 2015 and 2016 flagships; imo Note 5 prices now will increase again as ots considered now as the last note edition now so samsung must bring the new features of note 7 in the upcoming updates to 2015 and 2016 flagships
This sucks as I bought a original version yesterday. Cannot replace the phone only a refund, but I don't have a receipt >.< I love the phone; This sucks as I bought a original version yesterday. Cannot replace the phone only a refund, but I don't have a receipt >.< I love the phone
Deepak, 11 Oct 2016I want to buy note 7.. I wil wait to telaunch it.. Dear its production stopped world wide no more note 7 its dead now
 Go for S7 edge or note 5 for now; Dear its production stopped world wide no more note 7 its dead now; Go for S7 edge or note 5 for now
Deepak, 11 Oct 2016I want to buy note 7.. I wil wait to telaunch it.. It won't relaunch as it scrapped by Samsung so next model may come up on the 2017 so either u buy s7 edge or wait for new s8 then. Note 7 is finished now; It won't relaunch as it scrapped by Samsung so next model may come up on the 2017 so either u buy s7 edge or wait for new s8 then. Note 7 is finished now
Deepak, 11 Oct 2016I want to buy note 7.. I wil wait to telaunch it.. Do you know the meaning of "Discontinued"?; Do you know the meaning of "Discontinued"?
Anonymous, 11 Oct 2016where can i buy used, i live in finlandYou are a daredevil.; You are a daredevil.
where can i buy used, i live in finland; where can i buy used, i live in finland
R.I.P. Galaxy Note 7.
 
 This is the worst of the worldwide technological industry. So sad Samsung plummeted sales and all of the Note 7s are done. Note 5 will be revived as the Samsung's Phablet once again.; R.I.P. Galaxy Note 7.; This is the worst of the worldwide technological industry. So sad Samsung plummeted sales and all of the Note 7s are done. Note 5 will be revived as the Samsung's Phablet once again.
albertdc , 11 Oct 2016my gf and i bought our note 7 in hongkong last sept 29. we got the note 7 japanese version- no... moreDont take any risk . Return it and stay safe. Life is more important than the gadget; Dont take any risk . Return it and stay safe. Life is more important than the gadget
I want to buy note 7..
 I wil wait to telaunch it..; I want to buy note 7..; I wil wait to telaunch it..
Get well soon samsung. As of I purchased Moto X Style Pure edition.; Get well soon samsung. As of I purchased Moto X Style Pure edition.
Darn it. I was thinking of buying it at garbage bin prices. But whatever. Ahahahaha.; Darn it. I was thinking of buying it at garbage bin prices. But whatever. Ahahahaha.
RIP; RIP
Yes it stopped now so people may change t9 s7 or s7 edge or wait for s8 then. Note7 seem nice but something went wrong anyway maybe note 8 next year and try to make improvements battery; Yes it stopped now so people may change t9 s7 or s7 edge or wait for s8 then. Note7 seem nice but something went wrong anyway maybe note 8 next year and try to make improvements battery
Samsung ends the note 7 production....no more note 7 :(
 
 http://www.sammobile.com/2016/10/11/breaking-sam­sung-ends-production-of-galaxy-note-7-after-glob­al-recall/; Samsung ends the note 7 production....no more note 7 :(
I've got a Note 7. I use it to keep me warm during winter and roast marshmallows :); I've got a Note 7. I use it to keep me warm during winter and roast marshmallows :)
Discontinued; Discontinued
The Note7 has now been DISCONTINUED.
 
 I do hope that Samsung recovers from this ordeal.; The Note7 has now been DISCONTINUED.; I do hope that Samsung recovers from this ordeal.
Samsung has announced it's ending production of the Galaxy Note 7 around the world, pulling the plug on the phone for good after a months-long controversy over its defective, dangerous batteries. "Taking our customerÂ’s safety as our highest priority, we have decided to halt sales and production of the Galaxy Note 7,Â” said Samsung in a statement, which follows the news yesterday that the company is recalling all Note 7 phones, including supposedly safe replacements.; Samsung has announced it's ending production of the Galaxy Note 7 around the world, pulling the plug on the phone for good after a months-long controversy over its defective, dangerous batteries. "Taking our customerÂ’s safety as our highest priority, we have decided to halt sales and production of the Galaxy Note 7,Â” said Samsung in a statement, which follows the news yesterday that the company is recalling all Note 7 phones, including supposedly safe replacements.
Maybe the few ppl did it on purpose Sabotage, caused billions in loss over a few fires!!!!! imagine it?; Maybe the few ppl did it on purpose Sabotage, caused billions in loss over a few fires!!!!! imagine it?
albertdc , 11 Oct 2016my gf and i bought our note 7 in hongkong last sept 29. we got the note 7 japanese version- no... moreWhat about updates?? doh! lol its a dead phone; What about updates?? doh! lol its a dead phone
my gf and i bought our note 7 in hongkong last sept 29. we got the note 7 japanese version- no samsung logo at the front. were totally satisfied and keeping our units. we never had any incidents so far even as those in the us keep on reporting about note 7 units flaming up.; my gf and i bought our note 7 in hongkong last sept 29. we got the note 7 japanese version- no samsung logo at the front. were totally satisfied and keeping our units. we never had any incidents so far even as those in the us keep on reporting about note 7 units flaming up.
This gulf mobile VO LTE fecility?; This gulf mobile VO LTE fecility?
Samsung officially stopped selling note 7 world wide and asked all persons who got the replaced versions to shut them down and retun them immediately :(
 
 Good bye note 7; Samsung officially stopped selling note 7 world wide and asked all persons who got the replaced versions to shut them down and retun them immediately :(; Good bye note 7
saving and buying a note 7!. its south korean tech and it wont get through apple world usa.. apple world is scared bcoz its the perfect phone with 1.7 aperture and ip certification. i could not afford a nikkor lens with this aperture and its bundled in a note series and pocketable.; saving and buying a note 7!. its south korean tech and it wont get through apple world usa.. apple world is scared bcoz its the perfect phone with 1.7 aperture and ip certification. i could not afford a nikkor lens with this aperture and its bundled in a note series and pocketable.
Ken H., 09 Oct 2016I agree. ..feel the same . Too many suspicions and doubts about the "well timed" reports of in... moreFeel the same too. 90% of the accidents happened in USA and they never say anything about the Apple's explosion. Samsung's note series is the top brand that's why the American want to KO it.; Feel the same too. 90% of the accidents happened in USA and they never say anything about the Apple's explosion. Samsung's note series is the top brand that's why the American want to KO it.
Rip Note 7, Discontinued by Samsung Officially; Rip Note 7, Discontinued by Samsung Officially
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 10 Oct 2016As much as I want to keep using a Note7, the integrity of it not exploding is diminishing. Mul... moreYes total agreed with you. I too hope Samsung will change their mind and make their new phone with removable battery. The note 4 is actully a really good phone. But sadly you could no longer get the original battery anymore. Of course you can buy aftermarket but it will die after 4 5 hours. So thats why I just give up and switch to note 7. My note 7 works perfect! Exceptional battery life. With light use it will last 2 days. And I have no issue with the battery at all. I even play games while charging and so far nothing happened. he battery is not even hot.; Yes total agreed with you. I too hope Samsung will change their mind and make their new phone with removable battery. The note 4 is actully a really good phone. But sadly you could no longer get the original battery anymore. Of course you can buy aftermarket but it will die after 4 5 hours. So thats why I just give up and switch to note 7. My note 7 works perfect! Exceptional battery life. With light use it will last 2 days. And I have no issue with the battery at all. I even play games while charging and so far nothing happened. he battery is not even hot.
hi 
 i know the note 7 has problems but dont you think that it could be the snapdragon 820 version of it as im using the exynos version for 8 days now and my friend has it for over a month and he dosent have any problems so im just wonder could it be the snapdragon version of it?? 
 
 thank you; hi; i know the note 7 has problems but dont you think that it could be the snapdragon 820 version of it as im using the exynos version for 8 days now and my friend has it for over a month and he dosent have any problems so im just wonder could it be the snapdragon version of it??; thank you
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 10 Oct 2016First Galaxy Note had 256 levels of pressure sensitivity. Note II and 3 had 1024 levels of pre... moreNice work TN.; Nice work TN.
Techlord777, 10 Oct 2016Is there really a practical difference between 1024 and 4096 pressure levels? And does 1024 o... moreExtra levels of sensitivity does help (been using Wacoms for decades!)
 
 The Apple pencil, by default and most first gen pencil software, required 100% pressure to achieve 'FULL' width line/darkness.
 It is stupid and impractical to press the pencil that hard against the screen.
 Within a few months many software applications gave the option to adjust the parameters to make say 50% pressure represent 100% 'hardness'. Once the software allowed this tailoring the pencil was nice to use... before that.. too much sensitivity we could argue!
 
 The real improvement is the 360Hz sampling rate.
 The Apple Pencil, when being used, ramps the screen digitiser to 240Hz and that made drawing high speed circles 'very round'.
 Why would I want to draw 'high speed circles'?
 Probably don't... but, cursive writing is written quickly and is 'smooth'. A high digitiser sampling rate means that the cursive writing doesn't have straight lines when they should be wavy. Important when we are trying to interpret symbols and characters... we need accurate reproduction.
 
 Sure.. the new Stylus will work on earlier Notes (anyone returning a Note 7; you can keep accessories, yes?!), and offer improvements... for me the .7mm nib is the real deal.; Extra levels of sensitivity does help (been using Wacoms for decades!); The Apple pencil, by default and most first gen pencil software, required 100% pressure to achieve 'FULL' width line/darkness.; It is stupid and impractical to press the pencil that hard against the screen.; Within a few months many software applications gave the option to adjust the parameters to make say 50% pressure represent 100% 'hardness'. Once the software allowed this tailoring the pencil was nice to use... before that.. too much sensitivity we could argue!; The real improvement is the 360Hz sampling rate.; The Apple Pencil, when being used, ramps the screen digitiser to 240Hz and that made drawing high speed circles 'very round'.; Why would I want to draw 'high speed circles'?; Probably don't... but, cursive writing is written quickly and is 'smooth'. A high digitiser sampling rate means that the cursive writing doesn't have straight lines when they should be wavy. Important when we are trying to interpret symbols and characters... we need accurate reproduction.; Sure.. the new Stylus will work on earlier Notes (anyone returning a Note 7; you can keep accessories, yes?!), and offer improvements... for me the .7mm nib is the real deal.
Looking forward to some Cheap touchscreen hand warmers from Samsung this Christmas.. single use only!; Looking forward to some Cheap touchscreen hand warmers from Samsung this Christmas.. single use only!
Tech Lord, 10 Oct 2016What did he say in that deleted post you replied to, before? Please describe it to me in an o... moreContents of the deleted post that you could read my reply too....?
 
 'anon' (although also has five to ten other logins...) was chiding another user, an owner of a Note 7, for their poor exploding and 'bad' phone. Then proclaiming how great their note 5 is.
 
 This same user (I believe), when they had a Note Edge/Note 4, would jive everybody about how great it was.. then they got that Note 5 and they would annoy all Note Edge forum readers by taunting how cheap and dodgy the Note 4 was vs their 'premium' Note 5.
 They didn't take well to critisism about non removable battery and no expandable memory, hence 'no upgrade from Note 4'.
 
 The user, being so vocal for the 'greatness' that is the Note 5, has undertaken constant negativity for the Note 7 forum, and was attempting to aggravate the solemn Note 7 user who reluctantly has to retire their phone.
 
 Saying some sillyness about "laughing last is best"..... (hence my reply)
 
 It is sad to have to return the Note 7. 
 The reason no one wants to is no other flagships come close.
 I even considered jumping ship to iOS, but one look at the iphone 7, and it just concreted my belief about how revolutionary the new Note is...
 
 That same aesthetic that makes the Note 7 outstanding (vs most other phone designs) is also, in my opinion (IMO), what is causing Samsung its present woes!; the super flexible glass front and back providing little rigidity to the svelte aluminium frame... this phone has the ability to bend!!
 And the battery isn't designed to flex!- it ruptures cells, and makes smoke escape from device (computers run on smoke; when the smoke escapes they stop working)..
 
 Have we seen any exploded phones in rigid cases? (I haven't)
 I think people sit on the Note 7, flex it, look at it, think 'fine', and go about continuing living a merry existence until their phone goes boom.
 I could be wrong- but looking at the facts; phones never been used, are fine.
 Samsung found no faults in lab environment.
 Something in the 'realworld' is compromising this phone; possibly altitude adjustments effecting the cells; but I would seriously hazzard it is phone flex.
 
 Samsung being able to cripple these phones via an update, and their present ineptness at convincing the world the issue has been isolated and corrected, is cause enough for me to move on (I hope not too, please Sammy, make it work out!).
 Presently I have a replacement unit in the same rigid case I kept my origional in.
 It is a tech21 wallet/foldover case. (It sucks/not recommended-The magnetic clip launches itself at the screen all the time; and it is metal..)
 I would recommend the Spigen cases as a starting point. Get the two part frames that have a rigid and a soft component...; Contents of the deleted post that you could read my reply too....?; 'anon' (although also has five to ten other logins...) was chiding another user, an owner of a Note 7, for their poor exploding and 'bad' phone. Then proclaiming how great their note 5 is.; This same user (I believe), when they had a Note Edge/Note 4, would jive everybody about how great it was.. then they got that Note 5 and they would annoy all Note Edge forum readers by taunting how cheap and dodgy the Note 4 was vs their 'premium' Note 5.; They didn't take well to critisism about non removable battery and no expandable memory, hence 'no upgrade from Note 4'.; The user, being so vocal for the 'greatness' that is the Note 5, has undertaken constant negativity for the Note 7 forum, and was attempting to aggravate the solemn Note 7 user who reluctantly has to retire their phone.; Saying some sillyness about "laughing last is best"..... (hence my reply); It is sad to have to return the Note 7.; The reason no one wants to is no other flagships come close.; I even considered jumping ship to iOS, but one look at the iphone 7, and it just concreted my belief about how revolutionary the new Note is...; That same aesthetic that makes the Note 7 outstanding (vs most other phone designs) is also, in my opinion (IMO), what is causing Samsung its present woes!; the super flexible glass front and back providing little rigidity to the svelte aluminium frame... this phone has the ability to bend!!; And the battery isn't designed to flex!- it ruptures cells, and makes smoke escape from device (computers run on smoke; when the smoke escapes they stop working)..; Have we seen any exploded phones in rigid cases? (I haven't); I think people sit on the Note 7, flex it, look at it, think 'fine', and go about continuing living a merry existence until their phone goes boom.; I could be wrong- but looking at the facts; phones never been used, are fine.; Samsung found no faults in lab environment.; Something in the 'realworld' is compromising this phone; possibly altitude adjustments effecting the cells; but I would seriously hazzard it is phone flex.; Samsung being able to cripple these phones via an update, and their present ineptness at convincing the world the issue has been isolated and corrected, is cause enough for me to move on (I hope not too, please Sammy, make it work out!).; Presently I have a replacement unit in the same rigid case I kept my origional in.; It is a tech21 wallet/foldover case. (It sucks/not recommended-The magnetic clip launches itself at the screen all the time; and it is metal..); I would recommend the Spigen cases as a starting point. Get the two part frames that have a rigid and a soft component...
I believe that, this is big defilement against Samsung. Samsung shall thoroughly investigate these incidents from beginning. Found guilty or guilties... And this is a fact that, Note 7 is only and unrepeatable..!!!; I believe that, this is big defilement against Samsung. Samsung shall thoroughly investigate these incidents from beginning. Found guilty or guilties... And this is a fact that, Note 7 is only and unrepeatable..!!!
Truth is out there.., 10 Oct 2016Samsung Galaxy Note 7 - The biggest failure & flop of the year.. Simply a mini-c4 bomb.. E... moreThey're done.
 Note7 flop of the year.; They're done.; Note7 flop of the year.
Samsung Galaxy Note 7 - The biggest failure & flop of the year.. Simply a mini-c4 bomb.. Easily hurt u,, or might kill u.. No doubt about it"... Too humiliated, embarassing scenario for the korean tech giant......; Samsung Galaxy Note 7 - The biggest failure & flop of the year.. Simply a mini-c4 bomb.. Easily hurt u,, or might kill u.. No doubt about it"... Too humiliated, embarassing scenario for the korean tech giant......
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 10 Oct 2016First Galaxy Note had 256 levels of pressure sensitivity. Note II and 3 had 1024 levels of pre... moreThank you for this information, Pédro. 
 What you said is really interesting for me.
 I did not know, that the first Note N7000 had 256 pressure levels. I thought that it had none at all or maybe three or ten.
 
 Great thanks again.; Thank you for this information, Pédro.; What you said is really interesting for me.; I did not know, that the first Note N7000 had 256 pressure levels. I thought that it had none at all or maybe three or ten.; Great thanks again.
whitedragon, 10 Oct 2016Confucius say 'person who laughs last, thinks slowest'... Having an older phone that works ... moreWhat did he say in that deleted post you replied to, before?
 Please describe it to me in an objective way. I am just curious.; What did he say in that deleted post you replied to, before?; Please describe it to me in an objective way. I am just curious.
Techlord777, 10 Oct 2016Is there really a practical difference between 1024 and 4096 pressure levels? And does 1024 o... moreFirst Galaxy Note had 256 levels of pressure sensitivity. Note II and 3 had 1024 levels of pressure. Note 4 and .5 have 2048.
 
 Yes, the 4096 on the Note7 with 360 Hz instead of 240 Hz response has a very smooth effect. Note7 S Pen requires lesser pressure to exert to make heavier lines. Absolute pleasure when drawing.
 
 Here are my time-lapse drawing results:
 
 http://flic.kr/p/LFdCiL 
 http://flic.kr/p/MufA91 
 
 I can make thin and thick lines much better. Writing annotations is very good as well.; First Galaxy Note had 256 levels of pressure sensitivity. Note II and 3 had 1024 levels of pressure. Note 4 and .5 have 2048.; Yes, the 4096 on the Note7 with 360 Hz instead of 240 Hz response has a very smooth effect. Note7 S Pen requires lesser pressure to exert to make heavier lines. Absolute pleasure when drawing.; Here are my time-lapse drawing results:; I can make thin and thick lines much better. Writing annotations is very good as well.
Anonymous, 10 Oct 2016I still waiting note 7 or note 8:)Guess what? Note 8 is already there and was actually released nearly four years ago. But that was Note 8.0. Do not confuse them, if possible.; Guess what? Note 8 is already there and was actually released nearly four years ago. But that was Note 8.0. Do not confuse them, if possible.
samsung, the firestarter; samsung, the firestarter
Anonymous, 10 Oct 2016True. Note 7 pulled down Samsung. Not Note 5, not S6. Note 7 is the black sheep. Safety is ... moreNote 5 is not shipped in many countries.
 In some countries, the Note 4, S5 and Note 3 (next to S7) were the most future-proof phones after such a long time.
 
 Remember, many Cars, Ships and Planes are multiple times as old as iPhone 2G.; Note 5 is not shipped in many countries.; In some countries, the Note 4, S5 and Note 3 (next to S7) were the most future-proof phones after such a long time.; Remember, many Cars, Ships and Planes are multiple times as old as iPhone 2G.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 10 Oct 2016Note.5 is still UNDERWHELMING with NO memory expansion. I'm better off with a Note 4 with the ... moreIs there really a practical difference between 1024 and 4096 pressure levels?
 And does 1024 on the Note 4 mean 512 on the Note 3? If so, then where is the purpose of more pressure levels? I have nothing against them, but they will barely improve anything in a practical way.; Is there really a practical difference between 1024 and 4096 pressure levels?; And does 1024 on the Note 4 mean 512 on the Note 3? If so, then where is the purpose of more pressure levels? I have nothing against them, but they will barely improve anything in a practical way.
Anonymous, 10 Oct 2016At least Note 5 is not exploding and not cheap plastic!What is so bad about plastic? Why do you consider it as cheap? It is robust and does not break, scratch or slide out of the hand.; What is so bad about plastic? Why do you consider it as cheap? It is robust and does not break, scratch or slide out of the hand.
Every single removed feature in successors always made me sick. I always expect them to cover the full feature range of all predecessors.
 Here is a random case: in the Note7 browser, holding down a link does not longer show the ordinary Â„OpenÂ“-option in the option-menu. Everybody thinks: why don't you just tap the link?
 
 Well, what is that link forces me to open a new tab, but I don't want to? I might hit the fifty-tab limit, which causes, since S6, the first tab to be closed without any warning at all. Well, Lady Lee did not think about that.
 
 The Note 7 is actually the first time ripe phone (it is not just water-protected, but even useable underwater. And the pen is more convenient to use than the fingers anyway).
 
 I am looking forward to Hyun YEUL Lee's next performance on stage.; Every single removed feature in successors always made me sick. I always expect them to cover the full feature range of all predecessors.; Here is a random case: in the Note7 browser, holding down a link does not longer show the ordinary Â„OpenÂ“-option in the option-menu. Everybody thinks: why don't you just tap the link?; Well, what is that link forces me to open a new tab, but I don't want to? I might hit the fifty-tab limit, which causes, since S6, the first tab to be closed without any warning at all. Well, Lady Lee did not think about that.; The Note 7 is actually the first time ripe phone (it is not just water-protected, but even useable underwater. And the pen is more convenient to use than the fingers anyway).; I am looking forward to Hyun YEUL Lee's next performance on stage.
I still waiting note 7 or note 8:); I still waiting note 7 or note 8:)
I am not surprised
 
 They sold me an A5 with faulted software and were not interested in fixing the issue. I had to install custom ROMs to get it running, etc.
 
 Karma gets you every now and then. 
 If you continue to sell sh*t; I am not surprised; They sold me an A5 with faulted software and were not interested in fixing the issue. I had to install custom ROMs to get it running, etc.; Karma gets you every now and then.; If you continue to sell sh*t
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 10 Oct 2016As much as I want to keep using a Note7, the integrity of it not exploding is diminishing. Mul... moreNote 4 is great indeed but its outdated comparing to note 7 but we have to wait to see S8 and note 8 as am also was planning to get the note 7 but i will keep on my S6 edge plus for a while to see whats up next.; Note 4 is great indeed but its outdated comparing to note 7 but we have to wait to see S8 and note 8 as am also was planning to get the note 7 but i will keep on my S6 edge plus for a while to see whats up next.
Nobody should buy this phone anymore. It is always the risk of it to explode and you will have more trouble to send it and receive it again than just buying an other phone; Nobody should buy this phone anymore. It is always the risk of it to explode and you will have more trouble to send it and receive it again than just buying an other phone
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 10 Oct 2016Note.5 is still UNDERWHELMING with NO memory expansion. I'm better off with a Note 4 with the ... moreAt least Note 5 is not exploding and not cheap plastic!; At least Note 5 is not exploding and not cheap plastic!
Equinox Hydroid, 10 Oct 2016Its officialy now guys samsung halted the note 7 production!!!!!!! :(As much as I want to keep using a Note7, the integrity of it not exploding is diminishing. Multiple replaced units exploding are getting too widespread now. I lost money in buying 2 cases and D Brand skin that's still on its way to me. At least it gave me 45 days of usage - camera, S Pen, and amazing vibrant screen are totally top notch.
 
 I'm relieved that I still have my Note 3 with 10,000 mAh extended battery to use.
 
 I do hope this triggers the next Galaxies back with removable batteries. I absolutely do not see the logic of sealed batteries, except for water-resistance - which I've never even tested.
 
 And that glass back idea is still so silly.
 
 Now I'm looking into the possibility of getting a brand new Note 4, and a 10,000 mAh extended battery for it.; As much as I want to keep using a Note7, the integrity of it not exploding is diminishing. Multiple replaced units exploding are getting too widespread now. I lost money in buying 2 cases and D Brand skin that's still on its way to me. At least it gave me 45 days of usage - camera, S Pen, and amazing vibrant screen are totally top notch.; I'm relieved that I still have my Note 3 with 10,000 mAh extended battery to use.; I do hope this triggers the next Galaxies back with removable batteries. I absolutely do not see the logic of sealed batteries, except for water-resistance - which I've never even tested.; And that glass back idea is still so silly.; Now I'm looking into the possibility of getting a brand new Note 4, and a 10,000 mAh extended battery for it.
Equinox Hydroid, 10 Oct 2016Its officialy now guys samsung halted the note 7 production!!!!!!! :(Halted. I dont expect a relaunch any sooner. It is better if they fix it for real and relaunch with the launch of S8 next year. Double flagship launch would be great. Lets set the time around March. No rush. April is even better. Like seriously, no rush at all. Master the art of perfection first Samsung!; Halted. I dont expect a relaunch any sooner. It is better if they fix it for real and relaunch with the launch of S8 next year. Double flagship launch would be great. Lets set the time around March. No rush. April is even better. Like seriously, no rush at all. Master the art of perfection first Samsung!
Its officialy now guys samsung halted the note 7 production!!!!!!! :(; Its officialy now guys samsung halted the note 7 production!!!!!!! :(
Anonymous, 10 Oct 2016Yeah that's what you got for under estimating the power of Note 5 against Note 7. Note 5 stil... moreNote.5 is still UNDERWHELMING with NO memory expansion. I'm better off with a Note 4 with the SAME S Pen pressure level of 2048, and I can extend the battery 3 times so I don't need to carry around a power bank.
 
 Having to charge the Note7 before going home was one of the downside of having to put up with sealed battery. I use an average 180% of battery charge daily, since I can use up to 10 hours SOT use.; Note.5 is still UNDERWHELMING with NO memory expansion. I'm better off with a Note 4 with the SAME S Pen pressure level of 2048, and I can extend the battery 3 times so I don't need to carry around a power bank.; Having to charge the Note7 before going home was one of the downside of having to put up with sealed battery. I use an average 180% of battery charge daily, since I can use up to 10 hours SOT use.
Seems it's not battery nor the battery cell they believed.. it's something else which is causing the issue. Which needs to be examined. But they already lost the game! K.O. and RIP
 
 And they shouldn't rush to early release of S8 or N8 at all like people saying. They can take their time to do proper R&D and testing in every way possible before launch. 
 
 Also don't forget to roll back the features specially removable battery, sd card, FM, IR, Wide angle camera. 
 
 And put stereo speakers. And make it the full package. Because upto Note 4 you never compromised with features particularly for Note series. 
 
 Best of luck for future. 
 
 Shhhh! Nokia is coming back! Be careful lol!!!; Seems it's not battery nor the battery cell they believed.. it's something else which is causing the issue. Which needs to be examined. But they already lost the game! K.O. and RIP; And they shouldn't rush to early release of S8 or N8 at all like people saying. They can take their time to do proper R&D and testing in every way possible before launch.; Also don't forget to roll back the features specially removable battery, sd card, FM, IR, Wide angle camera.; And put stereo speakers. And make it the full package. Because upto Note 4 you never compromised with features particularly for Note series.; Best of luck for future.; Shhhh! Nokia is coming back! Be careful lol!!!
[deleted post]Confucius say 'person who laughs last, thinks slowest'...
 
 Having an older phone that works and laughing at another person with an older phone that works? Sure.
 That the person tried their best to update it? What is the issue!?
 Having an older phone.. didn't you chastise the 'plastic backed' phone users when you got that 'premium note 5'; yet you had issue when a better phone came out and kept picking on it...
 
 So now your phone brand has stuffed up again and you feel great..?
 Sure thing. 
 Just don't think you have credibility, that your voice has any value..
 Attacking people who contribute worthwhile comments whilst yours are the lowest levels of batship crazy? Opinions are often worth what we pay for them (yours and mine being given free are therefore worthless)
 
 Maybe I miss the value in your pointless bickering, dericiveness etc..
 
 Hence why ye log in as anon...
 No one cares when your comments get deleted, shame you give nothing of value to a community of which you try to belong....; Confucius say 'person who laughs last, thinks slowest'...; Having an older phone that works and laughing at another person with an older phone that works? Sure.; That the person tried their best to update it? What is the issue!?; Having an older phone.. didn't you chastise the 'plastic backed' phone users when you got that 'premium note 5'; yet you had issue when a better phone came out and kept picking on it...; So now your phone brand has stuffed up again and you feel great..?; Sure thing.; Just don't think you have credibility, that your voice has any value..; Attacking people who contribute worthwhile comments whilst yours are the lowest levels of batship crazy? Opinions are often worth what we pay for them (yours and mine being given free are therefore worthless); Maybe I miss the value in your pointless bickering, dericiveness etc..; Hence why ye log in as anon...; No one cares when your comments get deleted, shame you give nothing of value to a community of which you try to belong....
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 09 Oct 2016Yes. I have powered down and retired my Note7. I have placed back my 128 GB microSD card to my... moreYeah that's what you got for under estimating the power of Note 5 against Note 7.
 Note 5 still lives while your Note 7 is already a safety issue.
 I often travel via airplane, and I can confidently use my 64GB Note 5 while thousands of feet above the ground. While your Note 7 is left behind where it belongs, INCINERATOR. LOL!; Yeah that's what you got for under estimating the power of Note 5 against Note 7.; Note 5 still lives while your Note 7 is already a safety issue.; I often travel via airplane, and I can confidently use my 64GB Note 5 while thousands of feet above the ground. While your Note 7 is left behind where it belongs, INCINERATOR. LOL!
Looks like I'll never have the safe Note7. Note 4 or Note.5 available for $25 monthly... I'll get the one with a memory expansion...; Looks like I'll never have the safe Note7. Note 4 or Note.5 available for $25 monthly... I'll get the one with a memory expansion...
Anonymous, 10 Oct 2016True. Note 7 pulled down Samsung. Not Note 5, not S6. Note 7 is the black sheep. Safety is ... moreNote 4.; Note 4.
Savor , 10 Oct 2016Breaking news: Samsung has now suspended production of the Note7. Listen, people can love ... moreTrue. Note 7 pulled down Samsung.
 Not Note 5, not S6.
 Note 7 is the black sheep.
 Safety is more important.
 I will never upgrade to Note 7, I will keep my premium 64GB Note 5.
 At least it is safe and 64GB is more than enough for my apps, it's camera is not far from the best.
 At the end Note 5 still rules!; True. Note 7 pulled down Samsung.; Not Note 5, not S6.; Note 7 is the black sheep.; Safety is more important.; I will never upgrade to Note 7, I will keep my premium 64GB Note 5.; At least it is safe and 64GB is more than enough for my apps, it's camera is not far from the best.; At the end Note 5 still rules!
A happy user of Moto X style. ;); A happy user of Moto X style. ;)
Breaking news: Samsung has now suspended production of the Note7. 
 
 Listen, people can love it. That's all on you. That's your prerogative. But you have to choose between your selfish pleasures which might reek of arrogance, denial, and irresponsibility or your safety and anyone or anything around it? Get busy living. These stories are NOT FAKE. That's ypur denial of enjoying it so much speaking to you. Samsung wouldn't halt production if these stories were fake. 
 
 I really wanted this phone. Samsung just had to break our hearts by rushing it to the market to beat Apple and Quality Assurance wasn't up to par. Skip all the flagships this year. The 2017 flagships are the ones worth waiting for. I just hope these burning issues don't carryover to the S8 and Note8 but it might like what happened with the LG bootloops. Will never trust Samsung again after this debacle.. 
 
 Motorola (a Lenovo company) 
 Nokia (former king) 
 LG (because they still offer removable batteries) 
 Xiaomi 
 Apple
 Sony
 Google
 
 The rest don't matter to me. I might never look at a Samsung phone again. Not even their foldable display technology. They innovate but don't care about quality. Patience is a virtue in tech and they lack that. Rush rush rush just to beat Apple. The stupidity on their part. Samsung wants to throw as much crap on the wall to see what sticks. I hope this is the end for sealed batteries for them, then maybe I would reconsider. For 2017, LG G6 or V30 if they finally have common sense to pack a larger battery. That's their main Achilles this year.; Breaking news: Samsung has now suspended production of the Note7.; Listen, people can love it. That's all on you. That's your prerogative. But you have to choose between your selfish pleasures which might reek of arrogance, denial, and irresponsibility or your safety and anyone or anything around it? Get busy living. These stories are NOT FAKE. That's ypur denial of enjoying it so much speaking to you. Samsung wouldn't halt production if these stories were fake.; I really wanted this phone. Samsung just had to break our hearts by rushing it to the market to beat Apple and Quality Assurance wasn't up to par. Skip all the flagships this year. The 2017 flagships are the ones worth waiting for. I just hope these burning issues don't carryover to the S8 and Note8 but it might like what happened with the LG bootloops. Will never trust Samsung again after this debacle..; Motorola (a Lenovo company); Nokia (former king); LG (because they still offer removable batteries); Xiaomi; Apple; Sony; Google; The rest don't matter to me. I might never look at a Samsung phone again. Not even their foldable display technology. They innovate but don't care about quality. Patience is a virtue in tech and they lack that. Rush rush rush just to beat Apple. The stupidity on their part. Samsung wants to throw as much crap on the wall to see what sticks. I hope this is the end for sealed batteries for them, then maybe I would reconsider. For 2017, LG G6 or V30 if they finally have common sense to pack a larger battery. That's their main Achilles this year.
Relent, 09 Oct 2016I've been really sceptical about these explosions but now I'm disappointed that the Note7 may ... moreShare the same thoughts. Been waiting for the Note 7 since August 19, but then issues happened. What I'm gonna do is to get me an S7 Edge for almost half of its price (brand new) then once S8 has been released, will be selling it then go for the S8. Well, that's just me. S7 Edge is the Note 7 minus Iris Scanner/USB Type C and others.; Share the same thoughts. Been waiting for the Note 7 since August 19, but then issues happened. What I'm gonna do is to get me an S7 Edge for almost half of its price (brand new) then once S8 has been released, will be selling it then go for the S8. Well, that's just me. S7 Edge is the Note 7 minus Iris Scanner/USB Type C and others.
The Last Best Device of the Note Series that remains in the History will be Note 4. It has no complaints till date.
 
 Then Came Note 5, and the S Pen Issue.
 Then Came Note 7 Skipping the Number 6.. And It is really pathetic to know that it will be exiled, even before its official release in Indian Sub Continent, due to Exploding Batteries of the Recalled Replaced Units too.
 
 Here is the Source Link that says so:
 
 SGN7 Production Comes to A Halt
 
 I am typing from My Note 4.; The Last Best Device of the Note Series that remains in the History will be Note 4. It has no complaints till date.; Then Came Note 5, and the S Pen Issue.; Then Came Note 7 Skipping the Number 6.. And It is really pathetic to know that it will be exiled, even before its official release in Indian Sub Continent, due to Exploding Batteries of the Recalled Replaced Units too.; Here is the Source Link that says so:; SGN7 Production Comes to A Halt; I am typing from My Note 4.
This is all bad karma for Samsung. They rushed without quality assurance. They tried to play Apple's game of planned obsolescence with sealed batteries. Four incidents including the Southwest evacuation has now happened in the U.S. with the "safe" Note7. It is over for the Note7. Samsung is no longer telling us anything. 
 
 I love people still supporting this phone. Such irresponsible arrogance on their part. If we knew how to prevent it from happening, I would understand. But we can't. It can burn up randomly. Just because it didn't happen to you doesn't mean it can't happen to someone else who is sitting near you. Return the Note7 and get another phone. Be doing everyone a favor.
 
 I said to myself, screw it. I don't want any 2016 flagship. All a waste of money for these 2 year throwaways. For a good price, get an iPhone SE for $450 which still is faster than every 2016 Android flagship out there at double the cost. For me, I will pick up a $50 ZTE Zmax 2. It might be crap but it won't burn on me and has that rare feature of removable battery. 
 
 Note7 = waste of money. Burn your pocket, your hands, and anything around it. Most flagships over $500 are that way. Avoid buying expensive phones and giving into these brands' brainwashing on you to buy something you don't need and becomes disposal after a couple of years. ZTE Zmax 2 ftw! $49.99.. Nothing to lose. I own five other phones anyway.; This is all bad karma for Samsung. They rushed without quality assurance. They tried to play Apple's game of planned obsolescence with sealed batteries. Four incidents including the Southwest evacuation has now happened in the U.S. with the "safe" Note7. It is over for the Note7. Samsung is no longer telling us anything.; I love people still supporting this phone. Such irresponsible arrogance on their part. If we knew how to prevent it from happening, I would understand. But we can't. It can burn up randomly. Just because it didn't happen to you doesn't mean it can't happen to someone else who is sitting near you. Return the Note7 and get another phone. Be doing everyone a favor.; I said to myself, screw it. I don't want any 2016 flagship. All a waste of money for these 2 year throwaways. For a good price, get an iPhone SE for $450 which still is faster than every 2016 Android flagship out there at double the cost. For me, I will pick up a $50 ZTE Zmax 2. It might be crap but it won't burn on me and has that rare feature of removable battery.; Note7 = waste of money. Burn your pocket, your hands, and anything around it. Most flagships over $500 are that way. Avoid buying expensive phones and giving into these brands' brainwashing on you to buy something you don't need and becomes disposal after a couple of years. ZTE Zmax 2 ftw! $49.99.. Nothing to lose. I own five other phones anyway.
The last few news hours paint a pretty strong picture for the future of this phone.
 
 I do understand how one unchecked news source can be quoted by everyone, so one incidence wasn't 'enough' to go by and pack this phone up...
 
 The quoted sms accidently sent metioning tactics like 'slow him down'... is pretty screwy. Samsung might be 'somewhat' forced to follow financial direction suggestions and split lines and areas of operations.. damn.
 
 Note 7 is a nice phone.
 My first one, I trusted, even with recall notices, I would have been happy to have kept it.
 Knowing they can issue a software flash that makes the phone a brick, my time with Samsung (and their low SAR) seems likely over.
 
 Will have to find a fair replacement; makes me feel like my symbian/psion days of having a seperate computer/organiser to my telephone...
 Perhaps my tablet becomes my organiser etc and my phone- heaven forbid- is an actual phone. My favorite phones were always tradesmen models (tough) you could throw at your feet when hitting cafes'.
 The Note 7 was the closest to a small (vs my note edge) phone that had it all, including as 'extras', the best screen, camera and audio. Whilst my tablet has a pen, the draw straight to screen feature with the s-pen (even with the screen off) is something that a dollar notebook and pencil might have to takeover.
 
 If a one box 'best' no longer is an option, then seperates I will do.
 Seperate audio player and amp, seperate organiser and a small phone.
 Just when I had got use to 'one box to rule them all'- using kevo locks and NFC chip bank card payments I could literally leave home with just my phone. (My drivers licence sits with my phone in its case.. most other 'rewards cards' can be made digital and stored on the phone. Leaving home with one 'toy' (no keys and wallet) makes me feel free as a child! (In my country children have freedom, just to clarify); The last few news hours paint a pretty strong picture for the future of this phone.; I do understand how one unchecked news source can be quoted by everyone, so one incidence wasn't 'enough' to go by and pack this phone up...; The quoted sms accidently sent metioning tactics like 'slow him down'... is pretty screwy. Samsung might be 'somewhat' forced to follow financial direction suggestions and split lines and areas of operations.. damn.; Note 7 is a nice phone.; My first one, I trusted, even with recall notices, I would have been happy to have kept it.; Knowing they can issue a software flash that makes the phone a brick, my time with Samsung (and their low SAR) seems likely over.; Will have to find a fair replacement; makes me feel like my symbian/psion days of having a seperate computer/organiser to my telephone...; Perhaps my tablet becomes my organiser etc and my phone- heaven forbid- is an actual phone. My favorite phones were always tradesmen models (tough) you could throw at your feet when hitting cafes'.; The Note 7 was the closest to a small (vs my note edge) phone that had it all, including as 'extras', the best screen, camera and audio. Whilst my tablet has a pen, the draw straight to screen feature with the s-pen (even with the screen off) is something that a dollar notebook and pencil might have to takeover.; If a one box 'best' no longer is an option, then seperates I will do.; Seperate audio player and amp, seperate organiser and a small phone.; Just when I had got use to 'one box to rule them all'- using kevo locks and NFC chip bank card payments I could literally leave home with just my phone. (My drivers licence sits with my phone in its case.. most other 'rewards cards' can be made digital and stored on the phone. Leaving home with one 'toy' (no keys and wallet) makes me feel free as a child! (In my country children have freedom, just to clarify)
The best Note made by Samsung was the Note 4.Battery removable, great camera, slot for micro sd and the best?: none exploded..; The best Note made by Samsung was the Note 4.Battery removable, great camera, slot for micro sd and the best?: none exploded..
Relent, 09 Oct 2016I've been really sceptical about these explosions but now I'm disappointed that the Note7 may ... moreExcept for when it actually goes off.; Except for when it actually goes off.
zahirdost, 09 Oct 2016Go for Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge. Best Phone Ever...Welcome to your opinion. And that phone will become outdated in a few more months.; Welcome to your opinion. And that phone will become outdated in a few more months.
Anonymous, 09 Oct 2016Even a powered down Note7 can explode. Get that thing out of your house. Bury it in the ground... moreYes, getting rid of it by tomorrow.
 
 Note 4 and Note.5 are being offered at extremely low plans for $25 cash out. Hehe, guess which I'll choose?; Yes, getting rid of it by tomorrow.; Note 4 and Note.5 are being offered at extremely low plans for $25 cash out. Hehe, guess which I'll choose?
Today another exploded replaced device and AT&T stopped selling the note 7 and offered to replace the phone with another samsung device or another brands
 
 I think as a result samsung will stop selling this phone to save its goodwill and an early S8 release is expected!
 
 Really sooo sad i love this device; Today another exploded replaced device and AT&T stopped selling the note 7 and offered to replace the phone with another samsung device or another brands; I think as a result samsung will stop selling this phone to save its goodwill and an early S8 release is expected!; Really sooo sad i love this device
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 09 Oct 2016Yes. I have powered down and retired my Note7. I have placed back my 128 GB microSD card to my... moreEven a powered down Note7 can explode. Get that thing out of your house. Bury it in the ground. One day Samsung entire factory of Note7 will burn down.; Even a powered down Note7 can explode. Get that thing out of your house. Bury it in the ground. One day Samsung entire factory of Note7 will burn down.
AmarR, 09 Oct 2016And.. here we go.. http://www.sammobile.com/2016/10/09/another-safe-galaxy-note-7-has-explo... moreYes. I have powered down and retired my Note7. I have placed back my 128 GB microSD card to my Note 3. Restored connection to my smart and reset up my Spotify music. Just waiting for the go to return it. Somehow, my telco agent needs to ask "special permission" to cancel my account.
 
 Being back with my Note 3 means I'm back with 10,000mAh extended battery, which means no need charging at the middle of my day despite heavy use.
 
 I'll miss the better responsive S Pen, camera... for a month or two.; Yes. I have powered down and retired my Note7. I have placed back my 128 GB microSD card to my Note 3. Restored connection to my smart and reset up my Spotify music. Just waiting for the go to return it. Somehow, my telco agent needs to ask "special permission" to cancel my account.; Being back with my Note 3 means I'm back with 10,000mAh extended battery, which means no need charging at the middle of my day despite heavy use.; I'll miss the better responsive S Pen, camera... for a month or two.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 09 Oct 2016I'm going back to the Note 3, while Samsung resolves its Note7 battery issues. Note7 has the B... moreAnd.. here we go..
 
 http://www.sammobile.com/2016/10/09/another-safe­-galaxy-note-7-has-exploded-this-morning/ 
 
 Another one exploded..; And.. here we go..; Another one exploded..
zahirdost, 09 Oct 2016Go for Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge. Best Phone Ever...There is no best phone ever !! There is no perfect phone.. just grap what do u want .. what is fit your job ..; There is no best phone ever !! There is no perfect phone.. just grap what do u want .. what is fit your job ..
If samsung offers me a note 7 for only 150$ i wont buy it .... nowadays every note7 user feels like he/she is the unlucky user .. its just a curse .. samsung should take all note 7 from markwts and replaced the users with new note5 .. and we dont forget the remain price . If samsung will just go to the abyss; If samsung offers me a note 7 for only 150$ i wont buy it .... nowadays every note7 user feels like he/she is the unlucky user .. its just a curse .. samsung should take all note 7 from markwts and replaced the users with new note5 .. and we dont forget the remain price . If samsung will just go to the abyss
Go for Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge. Best Phone Ever...; Go for Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge. Best Phone Ever...
Relent, 09 Oct 2016I've been really sceptical about these explosions but now I'm disappointed that the Note7 may ... moreYou could go for the new lg v20. It's got the newest Android OS and a complete package of what other new phones lacks. Check specifications if you haven't done so. Just my opinion.; You could go for the new lg v20. It's got the newest Android OS and a complete package of what other new phones lacks. Check specifications if you haven't done so. Just my opinion.
Samsung, do a recall and replace all Note7 with Note5 at least. Lets just stop this Note7 things. Its not working amymore. Financial wise, it ia better to divert all that spending to halting Note7 instead of replacing it again and again . I cant bear anymore news about Note7. I officially assumed it as a discontinued device. Lets just pretend Note7 never exist.; Samsung, do a recall and replace all Note7 with Note5 at least. Lets just stop this Note7 things. Its not working amymore. Financial wise, it ia better to divert all that spending to halting Note7 instead of replacing it again and again . I cant bear anymore news about Note7. I officially assumed it as a discontinued device. Lets just pretend Note7 never exist.
They should allow every customer who purchased a Note 7 the ability to exchange their device for the Note 8 when it comes out; They should allow every customer who purchased a Note 7 the ability to exchange their device for the Note 8 when it comes out
Relent, 09 Oct 2016I've been really sceptical about these explosions but now I'm disappointed that the Note7 may ... moreGo for real sure buy. Try to get one Note 7 that Samsung is selling in China and Hong Kong, those they dont have the Samsung brand logo on front. They don't have battery problem because they have different supplier batteries and as I know for friends that bought the divice they dont habe any problem all oposite they have great experiencie. I have my all mighty note 4 and I will buy note 7 here in Hong Kong. I dont understand why only usa citizens and in USA only these phones have this big problem. Over the world no problem. Just USA...; Go for real sure buy. Try to get one Note 7 that Samsung is selling in China and Hong Kong, those they dont have the Samsung brand logo on front. They don't have battery problem because they have different supplier batteries and as I know for friends that bought the divice they dont habe any problem all oposite they have great experiencie. I have my all mighty note 4 and I will buy note 7 here in Hong Kong. I dont understand why only usa citizens and in USA only these phones have this big problem. Over the world no problem. Just USA...
Anonymous, 09 Oct 2016Replacement Note 7's are also catching on fire. This means that Samsung, 1. has ZERO quality c... moreWhy only in EEUU the note 7 fires and explotes? I haven't read or known other countries that have this problem. I am from Chile but I work in China and Hong Kong and the note is been sold as normal as I know for friend users not have problem at all, anyways as I read this units that are in China mainland and Hong Kong those without the samsung brand on front of phone, they have other batteries. I really want to upgrade my all mighty Note 4 to Note 7 but all this problema that Happen to USA citizen that bought note 7 it makes me a bit paranoide but as I see in China and Hong Kong not problem at all; Why only in EEUU the note 7 fires and explotes? I haven't read or known other countries that have this problem. I am from Chile but I work in China and Hong Kong and the note is been sold as normal as I know for friend users not have problem at all, anyways as I read this units that are in China mainland and Hong Kong those without the samsung brand on front of phone, they have other batteries. I really want to upgrade my all mighty Note 4 to Note 7 but all this problema that Happen to USA citizen that bought note 7 it makes me a bit paranoide but as I see in China and Hong Kong not problem at all
That's the problem of being so advanced and not thoroughly tested, it will (literally) go up in SMOKE!!!; That's the problem of being so advanced and not thoroughly tested, it will (literally) go up in SMOKE!!!
Replacement Note 7's are also catching on fire. This means that Samsung, 1. has ZERO quality control, 2. Has no records of batch specific quality control. Samsung has no idea how many of their Note 7 phones are corrupted and could potentially catch on fire. Unlike the first time around, Samsung isn't even acknowledging the continued problem with the replacement phones.; Replacement Note 7's are also catching on fire. This means that Samsung, 1. has ZERO quality control, 2. Has no records of batch specific quality control. Samsung has no idea how many of their Note 7 phones are corrupted and could potentially catch on fire. Unlike the first time around, Samsung isn't even acknowledging the continued problem with the replacement phones.
I've been really sceptical about these explosions but now I'm disappointed that the Note7 may never hit he UK market on the 28th of October.
 
 I read tons of peoples comments in which they highly recommend the device and report no overheating at all.
 
 Really need to upgrade my dying S4, removal of the headphone jack makes the iPhone a definite no, that being said the optimisation of IOS makes it really attractive but due to the jack I have to stick with Android.
 
 If the Note7 never sees the light of day in the UK what would you recommend as a new device?
 
 Those Xiaomi devices look really appealing as I am a big fan of Xiaomi products, always top quality from them. Or would the Google Pixel be a good option? So confused and disappointing as I closely followed the Note7 and was set on getting that.
 
 Before anyone asks, I don't care much about the explosions, I'm sceptical about them and that being said, the percentage change of my device going off is extremely, extremely small.; I've been really sceptical about these explosions but now I'm disappointed that the Note7 may never hit he UK market on the 28th of October.; I read tons of peoples comments in which they highly recommend the device and report no overheating at all.; Really need to upgrade my dying S4, removal of the headphone jack makes the iPhone a definite no, that being said the optimisation of IOS makes it really attractive but due to the jack I have to stick with Android.; If the Note7 never sees the light of day in the UK what would you recommend as a new device?; Those Xiaomi devices look really appealing as I am a big fan of Xiaomi products, always top quality from them. Or would the Google Pixel be a good option? So confused and disappointing as I closely followed the Note7 and was set on getting that.; Before anyone asks, I don't care much about the explosions, I'm sceptical about them and that being said, the percentage change of my device going off is extremely, extremely small.
The Note 7 Samsung put out is an insult and a joke. The reason it burnt up is they tried to rip us off, and cut back on the rumored version. Give us 6 GB OF RAM; a 4200 MaH battery, 4k resolution screen, 32 megapixel main with at least 9.megapixel front, and put a 3.2 ghz quad snapdragon processor. Forget the bogus octacore! If you guys do this, and also keep at least 4 colors ( bring back the S7 gold ), you will outsell all other smartphone makers! Put us as your priority, and we will make you number 1!; The Note 7 Samsung put out is an insult and a joke. The reason it burnt up is they tried to rip us off, and cut back on the rumored version. Give us 6 GB OF RAM; a 4200 MaH battery, 4k resolution screen, 32 megapixel main with at least 9.megapixel front, and put a 3.2 ghz quad snapdragon processor. Forget the bogus octacore! If you guys do this, and also keep at least 4 colors ( bring back the S7 gold ), you will outsell all other smartphone makers! Put us as your priority, and we will make you number 1!
Dubai, most retailers tell you, no responsibilities later onn for blasts. 550$ neck coated black. Still I have a feeling of exploding, so I charge k garden only. This time had to come!; Dubai, most retailers tell you, no responsibilities later onn for blasts. 550$ neck coated black. Still I have a feeling of exploding, so I charge k garden only. This time had to come!
Ken H., 09 Oct 2016Thanks Dg for that report. I too have a Note 4 and am eagerly awaiting the Note 7 to go on sa... moreGo for it 100% I cant leave the phone alone for a second I love it so much, the screen is mind blowing everything poops out like.. Settings and all personalisation is so advanced and refined is unreal. Note 4 feels like 20 year out dated phone now compared to note 7.. well at least to me. Had dozens of phones, note 7 is biggest surprise and best by mile on everything...; Go for it 100% I cant leave the phone alone for a second I love it so much, the screen is mind blowing everything poops out like.. Settings and all personalisation is so advanced and refined is unreal. Note 4 feels like 20 year out dated phone now compared to note 7.. well at least to me. Had dozens of phones, note 7 is biggest surprise and best by mile on everything...
The controversy will continue until they do a complete recall and pull the device from the market altogether.; The controversy will continue until they do a complete recall and pull the device from the market altogether.
Ken H., 09 Oct 2016I agree. ..feel the same . Too many suspicions and doubts about the "well timed" reports of in... moreThats Wright dear; Thats Wright dear
Xhico, 09 Oct 2016Yep... I still use my Note3 just replaced my battery and it works uber fineI'm going back to the Note 3, while Samsung resolves its Note7 battery issues. Note7 has the Best camera, S Pen and screen I've used. Samsung's policy here in my region is to strictly replace only the same color (unlike other countries), and my carrier is not helping me get what I need.
 
 So, I've cancelled my account, and probably will go back with the black onyx Note7 in a month or two. They weren't in stock at first and had to settle with the platinum, and my order of the black D Brand skin should have resolved the color.
 
 I may not even go back to the Note7 at all if more news come out, and exploding replacements are true. It's the curse of early adoption, and it's an opportunity wait for me to see first.; I'm going back to the Note 3, while Samsung resolves its Note7 battery issues. Note7 has the Best camera, S Pen and screen I've used. Samsung's policy here in my region is to strictly replace only the same color (unlike other countries), and my carrier is not helping me get what I need.; So, I've cancelled my account, and probably will go back with the black onyx Note7 in a month or two. They weren't in stock at first and had to settle with the platinum, and my order of the black D Brand skin should have resolved the color.; I may not even go back to the Note7 at all if more news come out, and exploding replacements are true. It's the curse of early adoption, and it's an opportunity wait for me to see first.
neha a.d, 08 Oct 2016My note 7 screen broke Please tell what is cost of new note 7 screen???as for as Indian market is concern Note 7 screen replacement goes around INR. 18,000/-. First approach service centre with Bill kit and Bill for replacement. Because another Note 7 explodes in Taiwan last Wednesday.; as for as Indian market is concern Note 7 screen replacement goes around INR. 18,000/-. First approach service centre with Bill kit and Bill for replacement. Because another Note 7 explodes in Taiwan last Wednesday.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 08 Oct 2016I still use my 8" Note 8.0. A year after, battery usage was at 5 hours instead of 7 hours. A y... moreYep... I still use my Note3 just replaced my battery and it works uber fine; Yep... I still use my Note3 just replaced my battery and it works uber fine
Dg, 08 Oct 2016Just got it, had note 4 before and all I can say is wow.. what a difference on everything and ... moreThanks Dg for that report. I too have a Note 4 and am eagerly awaiting the Note 7 to go on sale where I live.; Thanks Dg for that report. I too have a Note 4 and am eagerly awaiting the Note 7 to go on sale where I live.
Equinox Hydroid, 08 Oct 2016But the usa media will focus on note 7 only and ignore iphones accidents Such attitudes mak... moreI agree. ..feel the same . Too many suspicions and doubts about the "well timed" reports of incidents...especially this one about the Southwest plane. Appears to be a well orchestrated incident. The Note 7 is superior to all others in its class so it's become a target.; I agree. ..feel the same . Too many suspicions and doubts about the "well timed" reports of incidents...especially this one about the Southwest plane. Appears to be a well orchestrated incident. The Note 7 is superior to all others in its class so it's become a target.
Ookii, 08 Oct 2016... and yet there are already reports of iPhone 7 Plus being fully burned out upon delivery an... moreBut the usa media will focus on note 7 only and ignore iphones accidents
 
 Such attitudes make me sympathize more and more every day with the note 7; But the usa media will focus on note 7 only and ignore iphones accidents; Such attitudes make me sympathize more and more every day with the note 7
Jack, 06 Oct 2016Samsung Note 7 catches fire in us plane the phone was replaced new phone gree battery . The S... more... and yet there are already reports of iPhone 7 Plus being fully burned out upon delivery and another with battery "inflated" that burst the phone apart from the end of last month...
 
 http://www.news.com.au/technology/redditt-user-s­hares-photo-claiming-to-be-iphone-7-plus-which-c­aught-fire-in-transit/news-story/988887b80fbabb1­4279e10b9cb547c7a 
 
 http://bgr.com/2016/09/30/iphone-7-plus-battery-­explosion-again/; ... and yet there are already reports of iPhone 7 Plus being fully burned out upon delivery and another with battery "inflated" that burst the phone apart from the end of last month...
PARAG B, 08 Oct 2016So what! I don't care.Go be in your note7 hangover.My comments here pertain to the Note7 usage. Your comments are of iPhone and LG.
 
 Which set do you think much use over a Note7 page?; My comments here pertain to the Note7 usage. Your comments are of iPhone and LG.; Which set do you think much use over a Note7 page?
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 07 Oct 2016Because unlike you, I actually used a Note7...So what! I don't care.Go be in your note7 hangover.; So what! I don't care.Go be in your note7 hangover.
Samaung should have stop the sales of note 7 as no one can compromise on safty; Samaung should have stop the sales of note 7 as no one can compromise on safty
My note 7 screen broke
 Please tell what is cost of new note 7 screen???; My note 7 screen broke; Please tell what is cost of new note 7 screen???
Just got it, had note 4 before and all I can say is wow.. what a difference on everything and most I like is i do love samsung UI first time ever. Everything is so much more defined and advanced starting from looks of the phone and feel in the hand and finishing settings and personalisation etc etc.. no lag or stuck or nothing weird, using only a few days but heavy use non stop. Sexy and beautiful phone with monster inside. Best i had so far by mile.; Just got it, had note 4 before and all I can say is wow.. what a difference on everything and most I like is i do love samsung UI first time ever. Everything is so much more defined and advanced starting from looks of the phone and feel in the hand and finishing settings and personalisation etc etc.. no lag or stuck or nothing weird, using only a few days but heavy use non stop. Sexy and beautiful phone with monster inside. Best i had so far by mile.
Equinox Hydroid, 08 Oct 2016I have no problem with built in batteries the case is about the note 7 itself dear its a war a... moreI still use my 8" Note 8.0. A year after, battery usage was at 5 hours instead of 7 hours. A year again, it was down to 3 hours. I have changed the internal battery just recently, and installed it myself since the parts aren't glued together.
 
 My point is, batteries degrade. It's way harder for the built-system since S6 glued assembly. You have to go to the service centers to unglued, and way more expensive than buying them from stores. My original Note and Note II are still being enjoyed by family members who aren't fussy about new tech. All I did was to buy new batteries for them, and they are good as they were first used.; I still use my 8" Note 8.0. A year after, battery usage was at 5 hours instead of 7 hours. A year again, it was down to 3 hours. I have changed the internal battery just recently, and installed it myself since the parts aren't glued together.; My point is, batteries degrade. It's way harder for the built-system since S6 glued assembly. You have to go to the service centers to unglued, and way more expensive than buying them from stores. My original Note and Note II are still being enjoyed by family members who aren't fussy about new tech. All I did was to buy new batteries for them, and they are good as they were first used.
It's the media hype, most hurting Samsung? New batch green battery logo still burnt during flight is synonym to reality. But game is Lost.; It's the media hype, most hurting Samsung? New batch green battery logo still burnt during flight is synonym to reality. But game is Lost.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 08 Oct 2016No residue from fire extinguisher, no burn injury, no burnt flooring, and the box happens to b... moreI have no problem with built in batteries the case is about the note 7 itself dear its a war against this device
 
 Sony is using built in batteries since 2013 and its ok and no accidents mentioned at all; I have no problem with built in batteries the case is about the note 7 itself dear its a war against this device; Sony is using built in batteries since 2013 and its ok and no accidents mentioned at all
Equinox Hydroid, 08 Oct 2016IMO its an intentional accidents to let the note 7 fail to increase the new iphones sales Tod... moreNo residue from fire extinguisher, no burn injury, no burnt flooring, and the box happens to be with him. All Samsung stores in my region have taken out demo units, and no sign of replenishment or start of regular sales.
 
 There is a prime reason why I'd like a removable battery with beastly specs, plus the fact you can swap out the original with a higher capacity. At least with a removable battery system, you can check if the battery is bulging - a sign that it needs replacement. It would have been that simple to just recall batteries instead of the entire unit.; No residue from fire extinguisher, no burn injury, no burnt flooring, and the box happens to be with him. All Samsung stores in my region have taken out demo units, and no sign of replenishment or start of regular sales.; There is a prime reason why I'd like a removable battery with beastly specs, plus the fact you can swap out the original with a higher capacity. At least with a removable battery system, you can check if the battery is bulging - a sign that it needs replacement. It would have been that simple to just recall batteries instead of the entire unit.
IMO its an intentional accidents to let the note 7 fail to increase the new iphones sales
 Today AT&T is planning to stop note 7 sales after offering customers to replace their note 7 with another brands!!!!!
 Its the USA carriers deal with apple to let note 7 down as its a huge device comparing to the new useless iphones! I can't believe all this accidents its weird indeed; IMO its an intentional accidents to let the note 7 fail to increase the new iphones sales; Today AT&T is planning to stop note 7 sales after offering customers to replace their note 7 with another brands!!!!!; Its the USA carriers deal with apple to let note 7 down as its a huge device comparing to the new useless iphones! I can't believe all this accidents its weird indeed
abishek das, 07 Oct 2016this is a rip off because the xiamo mi5 is 400 dollars and it is kind of like the note 7"kind of"...except for the faulty battery, it never came close to note7; "kind of"...except for the faulty battery, it never came close to note7
PARAG B, 07 Oct 2016another irrelevent long and boring comment which no one reads lol.Because unlike you, I actually used a Note7...; Because unlike you, I actually used a Note7...
this is a rip off because the xiamo mi5 is 400 dollars and it is kind of like the note 7; this is a rip off because the xiamo mi5 is 400 dollars and it is kind of like the note 7
You can see on gsmarena news about Note 7 re-recalling, if that news is true then it will be December, or the Note 7 will be gone and they will release new other phone.; You can see on gsmarena news about Note 7 re-recalling, if that news is true then it will be December, or the Note 7 will be gone and they will release new other phone.
The phone specs and performance comparison makes it currently the worlds best no doubt but Owning this phone is humiliating as everywhere its branded as a faulty exploding device and its getting banned almost everywhere and you dont want to be treated that damn way even after paying so much for this phone. Samsung should have slashed note 7 prices to half they still want to make money of this faulty phone, sad. So much greed is not good.; The phone specs and performance comparison makes it currently the worlds best no doubt but Owning this phone is humiliating as everywhere its branded as a faulty exploding device and its getting banned almost everywhere and you dont want to be treated that damn way even after paying so much for this phone. Samsung should have slashed note 7 prices to half they still want to make money of this faulty phone, sad. So much greed is not good.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 07 Oct 2016I've just requested a cancelation of my subscription that came with the Note7 despite its exce... moreanother irrelevent long and boring comment which no one reads lol.; another irrelevent long and boring comment which no one reads lol.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 06 Oct 2016LG G5 is on sale for 30% off now. Free extra battery and cradle charger. No one is buying it. ... moreOnly if lg g5 wud have been a phablet things wud have been totaly diffrent...however why are you in a hurry for me to get a smartphone? i can take my own sweet time ...who are you to tell me to do this or do that ? ?? LOL you need to Stop pretending like i am a mr know it all.
 u just a " mine is always the best types person" .Lol stop living in denail.; Only if lg g5 wud have been a phablet things wud have been totaly diffrent...however why are you in a hurry for me to get a smartphone? i can take my own sweet time ...who are you to tell me to do this or do that ? ?? LOL you need to Stop pretending like i am a mr know it all.; u just a " mine is always the best types person" .Lol stop living in denail.
Another recall.
 
 Blind loyalist never learned, are you waiting to happen it to you?
 
 Avoid this phone and be safe.; Another recall.; Blind loyalist never learned, are you waiting to happen it to you?; Avoid this phone and be safe.
anyone know when will the new note 7 will be back on sale in australia ? seems like forever .; anyone know when will the new note 7 will be back on sale in australia ? seems like forever .
So much people saying arguing cursing about the note, no one knows is it true or false any more, is it propaganda or not, wither it was from people or companies or even governments, TIME WILL TELL I GUESS, the note 7 by far got the best features and can beat any Android phone, however being Samsung rushing into everything , how many types of cellphones they build, and the time between them, sounds like a Marathon, other companies had to make the same thing trying to keep up with them, too fast Samsung, they should concentrate on the quality not quantity, after all they're already on the top 3 and staying on top is the hardest, also a lot of companies are trying its best and they're doing a great job too and closing in to Samsung, but with note 7 bad reputation now, Samsung lost a lot, and I'm sure a lot of people will go and get another phone especially when a new androids released on the market this month, sadly I canceled my note 7 pre-order hoping to get one later, no rush ...; So much people saying arguing cursing about the note, no one knows is it true or false any more, is it propaganda or not, wither it was from people or companies or even governments, TIME WILL TELL I GUESS, the note 7 by far got the best features and can beat any Android phone, however being Samsung rushing into everything , how many types of cellphones they build, and the time between them, sounds like a Marathon, other companies had to make the same thing trying to keep up with them, too fast Samsung, they should concentrate on the quality not quantity, after all they're already on the top 3 and staying on top is the hardest, also a lot of companies are trying its best and they're doing a great job too and closing in to Samsung, but with note 7 bad reputation now, Samsung lost a lot, and I'm sure a lot of people will go and get another phone especially when a new androids released on the market this month, sadly I canceled my note 7 pre-order hoping to get one later, no rush ...
[deleted post]I've just requested a cancelation of my subscription that came with the Note7 despite its excellent camera, S Pen, amazing screen, 7 hours SOT per charge, and responsive interface.
 
 I've used it more than 45 days, given the Note7 a very excellent review, and drawing with it is pure pleasure. Heck, the D Brand skin I've ordered are still in transit. That's how i was invested at first. Right now, the only phone that comes close to its excellence is an S7 Edge.
 
 Seeing your review of it being lesser in battery performance reinforced my decision as the right course. I'm a firm believer that "fast charging" contributes to the instability of the battery, as I've seen with my colleagues with Note 4 where their batteries only lasted a year after fast charging daily.
 
 Cheers to WhiteDragon and Bunyip22 for staying on. I'm taking a break from the Note7, and will have a look at your reviews, you may convince me to go swim back. I'm just frustrated with my telco and Samsung as they've restricted the changing of unit colors fur the replacement program, and the only way I'm getting rid of the gold platinum for the black onyx is to cancel my renewed contract (and thankfully it's free because of the fiasco of exploding batteries). Right now, there are no indication when Note7 is going to be sold or offered to telcos regularly in my locality. Since I'm spending so much for my phone bill, I'm reserving that subsidized smartphone for whatever i decide in the next 3 months - Note7 with that said battery? We can't have it all...; I've just requested a cancelation of my subscription that came with the Note7 despite its excellent camera, S Pen, amazing screen, 7 hours SOT per charge, and responsive interface.; I've used it more than 45 days, given the Note7 a very excellent review, and drawing with it is pure pleasure. Heck, the D Brand skin I've ordered are still in transit. That's how i was invested at first. Right now, the only phone that comes close to its excellence is an S7 Edge.; Seeing your review of it being lesser in battery performance reinforced my decision as the right course. I'm a firm believer that "fast charging" contributes to the instability of the battery, as I've seen with my colleagues with Note 4 where their batteries only lasted a year after fast charging daily.; Cheers to WhiteDragon and Bunyip22 for staying on. I'm taking a break from the Note7, and will have a look at your reviews, you may convince me to go swim back. I'm just frustrated with my telco and Samsung as they've restricted the changing of unit colors fur the replacement program, and the only way I'm getting rid of the gold platinum for the black onyx is to cancel my renewed contract (and thankfully it's free because of the fiasco of exploding batteries). Right now, there are no indication when Note7 is going to be sold or offered to telcos regularly in my locality. Since I'm spending so much for my phone bill, I'm reserving that subsidized smartphone for whatever i decide in the next 3 months - Note7 with that said battery? We can't have it all...
I think the move of samsung to leave note 6 and make note 7 is very stupid cause as i see the specs of note 7 it doesnt differ much with galaxy s7 and as i remember note has always been further than other phones with tech now they are trying to bring all the phones on the same level that really sucks!!!; I think the move of samsung to leave note 6 and make note 7 is very stupid cause as i see the specs of note 7 it doesnt differ much with galaxy s7 and as i remember note has always been further than other phones with tech now they are trying to bring all the phones on the same level that really sucks!!!
PARAG B, 06 Oct 2016Lol Stop using confusing statements to change the topic we are talking abt pure camera quality... moreLG G5 is on sale for 30% off now. Free extra battery and cradle charger. No one is buying it. If the G5 had such an overall great camera, it would have been news, with profitable margins. You would have bought one by now if you were to put where your money for it. You keep threatening to get the V20 - DO IT. You keep threatening to get the iPhone 7 Plus - ORDER IT. Or just stop pretending to.
 
 The REAL NEWS for MONTHS now is S7, S7 Edge, and Note 7 simply shine versus the G5's or V20's camera - still shots AND VIDEO. Blazing fast launching, and blazing fast focusing with stereo recording for video.; LG G5 is on sale for 30% off now. Free extra battery and cradle charger. No one is buying it. If the G5 had such an overall great camera, it would have been news, with profitable margins. You would have bought one by now if you were to put where your money for it. You keep threatening to get the V20 - DO IT. You keep threatening to get the iPhone 7 Plus - ORDER IT. Or just stop pretending to.; The REAL NEWS for MONTHS now is S7, S7 Edge, and Note 7 simply shine versus the G5's or V20's camera - still shots AND VIDEO. Blazing fast launching, and blazing fast focusing with stereo recording for video.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 06 Oct 2016Nope, they are Factual. You're even willing to pay for something SUB-PAR with no 60fps video r... moreLol Stop using confusing statements to change the topic we are talking abt pure camera quality go refresh http://www.gsmarena.com/lg_g5_vs_samsung_galaxy_­s7_low_light-review-1420.php your memory if you want to. we were not talking abt battery or zerolemon etc.LOL The problem with you is that you are a hypocrite person then another problem with you is that you write lots of comments which is irrelevent for others so stick to the topic otherwise you will get replys like "we are not intrested" very often.; Lol Stop using confusing statements to change the topic we are talking abt pure camera quality go refresh; your memory if you want to. we were not talking abt battery or zerolemon etc.LOL The problem with you is that you are a hypocrite person then another problem with you is that you write lots of comments which is irrelevent for others so stick to the topic otherwise you will get replys like "we are not intrested" very often.
Bunyip22, 06 Oct 2016Why do you need to swear paragb? I have shown links including gsmarenas lab shots and the ... morewhy do you need to regret,get angry,upset,frustrated and become a nervious wreak etc etc Bunyip22 if i have spoken the truth???? Lol
 
 http://www.gsmarena.com/lg_g5_vs_samsung_galaxy_­s7_low_light-review-1420.php The fact is fact .No matter how deep note7 hangover you are in.; why do you need to regret,get angry,upset,frustrated and become a nervious wreak etc etc Bunyip22 if i have spoken the truth???? Lol; The fact is fact .No matter how deep note7 hangover you are in.
Samsung Note 7 catches fire in us plane the phone was replaced new phone gree battery . The Samsung should improve their technology .Iphone 7plus still have no problem. Samsung should improve a lot.........; Samsung Note 7 catches fire in us plane the phone was replaced new phone gree battery . The Samsung should improve their technology .Iphone 7plus still have no problem. Samsung should improve a lot.........
Note fire on a plane, hmmm Samsung need to scrap 7 start again maybe Note 7S; Note fire on a plane, hmmm Samsung need to scrap 7 start again maybe Note 7S
PARAG B, 06 Oct 2016No! You are wrong again ! LGv20's camera beats the shit out of Note7's camera.like how LGG5 d... moreWhy do you need to swear paragb? 
 
 I have shown links including gsmarenas lab shots and the GN7 is clearly better then the V20 especially in low light ... The iPhone even thumps the V20 in low light which is an surprise... Not sure why you are getting upset about it?; Why do you need to swear paragb?; I have shown links including gsmarenas lab shots and the GN7 is clearly better then the V20 especially in low light ... The iPhone even thumps the V20 in low light which is an surprise... Not sure why you are getting upset about it?
fahadazizkhan, 06 Oct 2016Using safe Note 7 (Green Battery) , purchased from Dubai, found this phone extremely powerful ... moreHow did you find the phone in comparision to your iPhone 6s plus. I am planning to move from 6s to N7. Need your suggestion.
 The major problem i find with Samung phones is that the call signals are weak in general where as I never had such a problem with iPhone. And there are few other little things but important ones that iPhones generally do much better. Whats your overall feedback?
 But otherwise, I am very much leaning towards N7; How did you find the phone in comparision to your iPhone 6s plus. I am planning to move from 6s to N7. Need your suggestion.; The major problem i find with Samung phones is that the call signals are weak in general where as I never had such a problem with iPhone. And there are few other little things but important ones that iPhones generally do much better. Whats your overall feedback?; But otherwise, I am very much leaning towards N7
Using safe Note 7 (Green Battery) , purchased from Dubai, found this phone extremely powerful and smooth (I do own iPhone since iPhone 4, currently 6s Plus)
 
 Battery life is good for a day (I left for work at 6:30 by 12:00mid night, it reaches 20-25%)
 
 I wish they have blue color in UAE but black is awesome as it gel with screen and body
 
 Cheers; Using safe Note 7 (Green Battery) , purchased from Dubai, found this phone extremely powerful and smooth (I do own iPhone since iPhone 4, currently 6s Plus); Battery life is good for a day (I left for work at 6:30 by 12:00mid night, it reaches 20-25%); I wish they have blue color in UAE but black is awesome as it gel with screen and body; Cheers
PARAG B, 06 Oct 2016He He some one got very angry as i spoke the truth.LOL btw who all are those "we" u are refer... moreNope, they are Factual. You're even willing to pay for something SUB-PAR with no 60fps video recording, screen that's not color accurate, and really poor battery. You like subpar things.
 
 You even think DxOMark Mobile as fake, while you only agree Note7.5 as having 1% better camera mark than the Note7 for daytime shots. G5 was a failure with such ugly design, with poor performance. Even Zerolemon didn't bother making an extended battery for the G5. That's how bad it is.
 
 The main reason why people like me bother with the Galaxy Note is the S Pen, plus the superb #1 camera.
 
 So, when is your pre-order of Note7 arriving for you? You can stop with your pretend that's of getting the V20 or iPhone 7 - another subpar phone with slower focus and lesser quality sensor.; Nope, they are Factual. You're even willing to pay for something SUB-PAR with no 60fps video recording, screen that's not color accurate, and really poor battery. You like subpar things.; You even think DxOMark Mobile as fake, while you only agree Note7.5 as having 1% better camera mark than the Note7 for daytime shots. G5 was a failure with such ugly design, with poor performance. Even Zerolemon didn't bother making an extended battery for the G5. That's how bad it is.; The main reason why people like me bother with the Galaxy Note is the S Pen, plus the superb #1 camera.; So, when is your pre-order of Note7 arriving for you? You can stop with your pretend that's of getting the V20 or iPhone 7 - another subpar phone with slower focus and lesser quality sensor.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 06 Oct 2016"no compitition to the LG V20 and Iphone 7"? Amazing. You're actually impressed with the iP... moreNo! You are wrong again ! LGv20's camera beats the shit out of Note7's camera.like how LGG5 did with s7 edge in lowlight shootout the LG G5 has the advantage when capturing still images - it has a higher resolution sensor, with wider FoV. the G5 betters the S7,Galaxy S7 edge & Note7 almost every time.
 
 even in 4K video recording, the V20 & LG G5 is better than the S7, Galaxy S7 edge &Note7.; No! You are wrong again ! LGv20's camera beats the shit out of Note7's camera.like how LGG5 did with s7 edge in lowlight shootout the LG G5 has the advantage when capturing still images - it has a higher resolution sensor, with wider FoV. the G5 betters the S7,Galaxy S7 edge & Note7 almost every time.; even in 4K video recording, the V20 & LG G5 is better than the S7, Galaxy S7 edge &Note7.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 06 Oct 2016Clearly you're a confused consumer. V20, iPhone 7+? Wow, yeah, we're really impressed with you... moreHe He some one got very angry as i spoke the truth.LOL
 btw who all are those "we" u are refering to? LOL talk abt yourself.LOL; He He some one got very angry as i spoke the truth.LOL; btw who all are those "we" u are refering to? LOL talk abt yourself.LOL
price range should be 1/10..; price range should be 1/10..
winoles, 06 Oct 2016think a little about this: why the carpet is not burned? if it was smoking and about to bu... moreAnd the fact he had the box readily available as proof. Very conveniently safer that it didn't happen in midair and the guy had no injury when he "tossed" it on to the floor.; And the fact he had the box readily available as proof. Very conveniently safer that it didn't happen in midair and the guy had no injury when he "tossed" it on to the floor.
Savor, 05 Oct 2016RIP Note7 Southwest flight had to evacuate from a burning Note7. I tried defending over an... moreThat was the old Note 7, people need to get the New Note 7! It does not have that problem anymore.; That was the old Note 7, people need to get the New Note 7! It does not have that problem anymore.
think a little about this:
 
 why the carpet is not burned?
 if it was smoking and about to burst in flames, why in hell it has no residue from a fire extinguisher?
 so, all attendants only stared at it, and just worried about taking pictures of the hazzard?
 think twice before believing anything, use your eyes and brain, at the same time!; think a little about this:; why the carpet is not burned?; if it was smoking and about to burst in flames, why in hell it has no residue from a fire extinguisher?; so, all attendants only stared at it, and just worried about taking pictures of the hazzard?; think twice before believing anything, use your eyes and brain, at the same time!
PARAG B, 06 Oct 2016yeh post as many links you want to feel haapy Lol however the web is full of fake news now a d... moreThe links i posted were actual photo samples at 100% crop. Including GSMarena.
 
 Feel free to post other samples comparing the GN7 iphone and v20 cameras (especially in low light). Nothing i have seen indicated that they are better than the GN7 camera; The links i posted were actual photo samples at 100% crop. Including GSMarena.; Feel free to post other samples comparing the GN7 iphone and v20 cameras (especially in low light). Nothing i have seen indicated that they are better than the GN7 camera
Savor, 05 Oct 2016RIP Note7 Southwest flight had to evacuate from a burning Note7. I tried defending over an... moreYeah, like the guy even had the box with the square to show it was the safe version. Very convenient.; Yeah, like the guy even had the box with the square to show it was the safe version. Very convenient.
PARAG B, 06 Oct 2016yeh post as many links you want to feel haapy Lol however the web is full of fake news now a d... more"no compitition to the LG V20 and Iphone 7"?
 
 Amazing. You're actually impressed with the iPhone's MONO AUDIO RECORDING capability for video recordings. And the fact that both of then aren't the best in photography when it comes to mobile phones.
 
 S7,S7 Edge,and Note7 surpasses those 2, PERIOD.; "no compitition to the LG V20 and Iphone 7"?; Amazing. You're actually impressed with the iPhone's MONO AUDIO RECORDING capability for video recordings. And the fact that both of then aren't the best in photography when it comes to mobile phones.; S7,S7 Edge,and Note7 surpasses those 2, PERIOD.
PARAG B, 05 Oct 2016Although i feel that apple is behind all this battery issue that samsung is facing however reg... moreClearly you're a confused consumer. V20, iPhone 7+? Wow, yeah, we're really impressed with your second-second rated choices over the Note7. Bravo.; Clearly you're a confused consumer. V20, iPhone 7+? Wow, yeah, we're really impressed with your second-second rated choices over the Note7. Bravo.
Bunyip22, 06 Oct 2016The dual cameras on the iPhone and V20 are cool but as far as camera quality the GN7 is still ... moreyeh post as many links you want to feel haapy Lol however the web is full of fake news now a days & the matter of the fact is that the specs and numbers speak for themselves ...
 
 the best example of these kind of fake news is the DXO which gave the google pixel the highest rating for camera quality which still has a midrange f/2.0 apreture..google used the midrange camera to keep the costs low i guess .they have not even used the camera on htc10 which is still a great camera with f/1.8 apreture and no OIS For front camera either like the one on htc10.
 
 however there is no compitition to the LG V20 and Iphone 7 plus in terms of smartphone photography.
 
 This is not to say that s7,s7 edge and Note7 have worst camera quality.; yeh post as many links you want to feel haapy Lol however the web is full of fake news now a days & the matter of the fact is that the specs and numbers speak for themselves ...; the best example of these kind of fake news is the DXO which gave the google pixel the highest rating for camera quality which still has a midrange f/2.0 apreture..google used the midrange camera to keep the costs low i guess .they have not even used the camera on htc10 which is still a great camera with f/1.8 apreture and no OIS For front camera either like the one on htc10.; however there is no compitition to the LG V20 and Iphone 7 plus in terms of smartphone photography.; This is not to say that s7,s7 edge and Note7 have worst camera quality.
PARAG B, 05 Oct 2016Although i feel that apple is behind all this battery issue that samsung is facing however reg... moreThe dual cameras on the iPhone and V20 are cool but as far as camera quality the GN7 is still the clear winner (good or low light). Couple of links below.
 
 http://www.forbes.com/sites/bensin/2016/10/01/ph­oto-shootout-lg-v20-vs-samsung-galaxy-note-7/#37­2ddfd273fc 
 
 http://www.gsmarena.com/piccmp.php3?idType=5&­;idPhone1=8082&idPhone2=8064&idPhone3=82­38; The dual cameras on the iPhone and V20 are cool but as far as camera quality the GN7 is still the clear winner (good or low light). Couple of links below.
Savor, 05 Oct 2016RIP Note7 Southwest flight had to evacuate from a burning Note7. I tried defending over an... moreThe media focuses on samsung only and leaving the exploded devices of iphone 7 plus!!!!!; The media focuses on samsung only and leaving the exploded devices of iphone 7 plus!!!!!
What about the accident of the last Note 7 the replaced version which exploded during a flight????!!! :O; What about the accident of the last Note 7 the replaced version which exploded during a flight????!!! :O
Savor, 05 Oct 2016RIP Note7 Southwest flight had to evacuate from a burning Note7. I tried defending over an... moreAlthough i feel that apple is behind all this battery issue that samsung is facing however regardless of this issue i am also leaning towards the LG V20 and Iphone 7 plus ,Hopefully my 1st choice is V20 for its excellent camera and it still a premium built device with removable battery and feels like unibody along with a strong built and slimport connectivity which supports reso upto 4k for TV out and secondary always on display will not let me miss the spen on note7 V20 also Comes in 64gb storage which is quite decent compaired to lg g5's 32gb.however V20 sud not have any issues like light leaking etc ...otherwise the blazing fast Most premium built iphone 7 plus which comes with dual 12mp excellent camera and excellent 7mp front camera plus gives the option to get onboard storage of upto 128& 256gb which very few rival OEM's offers .iphone 7plus is avaiable however lets see what preorder offers and price LG and samsung will keep here in india for LG V20 and Note7.But i am feeling lucky :) lets see.; Although i feel that apple is behind all this battery issue that samsung is facing however regardless of this issue i am also leaning towards the LG V20 and Iphone 7 plus ,Hopefully my 1st choice is V20 for its excellent camera and it still a premium built device with removable battery and feels like unibody along with a strong built and slimport connectivity which supports reso upto 4k for TV out and secondary always on display will not let me miss the spen on note7 V20 also Comes in 64gb storage which is quite decent compaired to lg g5's 32gb.however V20 sud not have any issues like light leaking etc ...otherwise the blazing fast Most premium built iphone 7 plus which comes with dual 12mp excellent camera and excellent 7mp front camera plus gives the option to get onboard storage of upto 128& 256gb which very few rival OEM's offers .iphone 7plus is avaiable however lets see what preorder offers and price LG and samsung will keep here in india for LG V20 and Note7.But i am feeling lucky :) lets see.
Anonymous, 05 Oct 2016Nobody is interested...HE..HE ..very true.; HE..HE ..very true.
RIP Note7 
 
 Southwest flight had to evacuate from a burning Note7. I tried defending over and over what is arguably the best of the best phone right now. Too dangerous, folks. A smoke bomb. It might NOT happen to you, but it can still happen to you someday or still happen to someone else somewhere which increases the chances. 
 
 Samsung just completely ruined their brand image. It is OVER for them. I am not even going to get an S8, Note8, or anymore phones with the name Samsung on it. What a shame. Note7 has such a great camera and display. The one year I wanted a Samsung phone, they literally blew it in front of people's faces. 
 
 I'm getting an LG V20. I will try it out for two weeks. If I am not satisfied by its cameras and battery life, then iPhone 7 Plus. It is over for Note7. Anyone can have a smoking Note7 that will have people evacuate airplanes, trains, buses, or any public transport. 
 
 Avoid Note7 at all cost. Even if powered off and a replacement, it still burns up. This is far worse than the Sony VAIO laptop recall. LG V20 or iPhone 7 Plus for me.; RIP Note7; Southwest flight had to evacuate from a burning Note7. I tried defending over and over what is arguably the best of the best phone right now. Too dangerous, folks. A smoke bomb. It might NOT happen to you, but it can still happen to you someday or still happen to someone else somewhere which increases the chances.; Samsung just completely ruined their brand image. It is OVER for them. I am not even going to get an S8, Note8, or anymore phones with the name Samsung on it. What a shame. Note7 has such a great camera and display. The one year I wanted a Samsung phone, they literally blew it in front of people's faces.; I'm getting an LG V20. I will try it out for two weeks. If I am not satisfied by its cameras and battery life, then iPhone 7 Plus. It is over for Note7. Anyone can have a smoking Note7 that will have people evacuate airplanes, trains, buses, or any public transport.; Avoid Note7 at all cost. Even if powered off and a replacement, it still burns up. This is far worse than the Sony VAIO laptop recall. LG V20 or iPhone 7 Plus for me.
Is it safe?; Is it safe?
Samsung was making a great device this note 7 but they screwed up in hurrying it to release it before the iphone 7 release so now the fault in battery doesnt really cure this exploding problem there are other parts too inside a phone and the replacement note 7 are overheating as well as if you see the news exploding too.
 Blackberry nokia microsoft lumia and now samsungs turn. Go for other brands like Huawei mate 8 64gb and i bet u whatever u say it will be the best phone you ever had
 the other best is the obvious 7 plus its very expensive but its that damn good; Samsung was making a great device this note 7 but they screwed up in hurrying it to release it before the iphone 7 release so now the fault in battery doesnt really cure this exploding problem there are other parts too inside a phone and the replacement note 7 are overheating as well as if you see the news exploding too.; Blackberry nokia microsoft lumia and now samsungs turn. Go for other brands like Huawei mate 8 64gb and i bet u whatever u say it will be the best phone you ever had; the other best is the obvious 7 plus its very expensive but its that damn good
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 05 Oct 2016There's a problem for the stocks of Black Onyx again with my telco. They offered me an S6 loan... moreNobody is interested...; Nobody is interested...
There's a problem for the stocks of Black Onyx again with my telco. They offered me an S6 loaner, but I just refused. I'm not settling with platinum. Just so shiny in bright places.
 
 I can wait cut the black for a little bit more.; There's a problem for the stocks of Black Onyx again with my telco. They offered me an S6 loaner, but I just refused. I'm not settling with platinum. Just so shiny in bright places.; I can wait cut the black for a little bit more.
Equinox Hydroid, 05 Oct 2016The black color hides the phone beauty imoToo shiny. I got the platinum at the moment - annoying under the sun.; Too shiny. I got the platinum at the moment - annoying under the sun.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 05 Oct 2016I find the silver or platinum to be attention grabbers - something I realize too late and had ... moreThe black color hides the phone beauty imo; The black color hides the phone beauty imo
Bunyip22, 05 Oct 2016Fair enough :-) Re cases, i have had my GN7 for about 7 weeks with no case or screen protec... moreYeah I used mine naked for the last few weeks- although still had a screen protector in place...
 
 I do prefer one of the wrap around cases-ones like Spiegen makes 
 
 My present Tech21 wallet case sucks as it has a magnetic strip to make the front lock to the back.. and it always kamikazes into the screen (which being GG5 I don't wan't to have metal contstantly scraping across it)..
 So I had to put a new screen protector on the N7 for it to survive use in this case whilst I order another case, ideally something more open... (and less annoying).
 
 I really buggered up the second attempt at protection screen application.
 For those who do not know- official samsung screen protectors come with 'two screens'. 
 The first one I used on the 'now returned' N7.
 My replacement N7 has the bodgiest job ever for a screen application, and now I have no backup to swap to. So will be looking for a new 'shell'.
 
 Anyhow just pipping in.. no marks on my N7 after a few weeks of naked use..
 Happy to use my new one without screen protection or case protection, but will, cause they are such nice phones.. screen protection probably most important, and a case for 'grip'.; Yeah I used mine naked for the last few weeks- although still had a screen protector in place...; I do prefer one of the wrap around cases-ones like Spiegen makes; My present Tech21 wallet case sucks as it has a magnetic strip to make the front lock to the back.. and it always kamikazes into the screen (which being GG5 I don't wan't to have metal contstantly scraping across it)..; So I had to put a new screen protector on the N7 for it to survive use in this case whilst I order another case, ideally something more open... (and less annoying).; I really buggered up the second attempt at protection screen application.; For those who do not know- official samsung screen protectors come with 'two screens'.; The first one I used on the 'now returned' N7.; My replacement N7 has the bodgiest job ever for a screen application, and now I have no backup to swap to. So will be looking for a new 'shell'.; Anyhow just pipping in.. no marks on my N7 after a few weeks of naked use..; Happy to use my new one without screen protection or case protection, but will, cause they are such nice phones.. screen protection probably most important, and a case for 'grip'.
Ns87, 04 Oct 2016Hey everyone,i bought my note 7 from UAE but i actually live in saudi so after the recall i ga... moreI got mind in Australia, wait for another 3 days. And Samsung gave A50 Gift Voucher for loyal costumer.; I got mind in Australia, wait for another 3 days. And Samsung gave A50 Gift Voucher for loyal costumer.
Bunyip22, 05 Oct 2016Fair enough :-) Re cases, i have had my GN7 for about 7 weeks with no case or screen protec... moreI find the silver or platinum to be attention grabbers - something I realize too late and had ordered black D Brand skins. Black onyx looks inconspicuous. Going no-case just worries me with a nasty drop - not likely you, but someone bumping into you while you hold it. And because of the recall, the Black Onyx is my final choice now. They didn't have it in stock the first time.
 
 I found a 360-degree clear acrylic protective case from X-Doria.
 
 http://flic.kr/p/LWfEck 
 
 It feels like the Note7 with no case, but the outer transparent shell would arty least absorb some of the energy from a drop. Less than $13, than pay $270 to have the screen.; I find the silver or platinum to be attention grabbers - something I realize too late and had ordered black D Brand skins. Black onyx looks inconspicuous. Going no-case just worries me with a nasty drop - not likely you, but someone bumping into you while you hold it. And because of the recall, the Black Onyx is my final choice now. They didn't have it in stock the first time.; I found a 360-degree clear acrylic protective case from X-Doria.; It feels like the Note7 with no case, but the outer transparent shell would arty least absorb some of the energy from a drop. Less than $13, than pay $270 to have the screen.
Fair enough :-)
 
 Re cases, i have had my GN7 for about 7 weeks with no case or screen protection... not a mark on the screens or edges and i have been rougher with it because i knew it would be replaced.; Fair enough :-); Re cases, i have had my GN7 for about 7 weeks with no case or screen protection... not a mark on the screens or edges and i have been rougher with it because i knew it would be replaced.
Bunyip22, 04 Oct 2016I got the Silver originally but have asked for Black when my new one comes. My biggest issue ... morei think it won't be a problem as I got the silver titan color also on my S6 edge plus but its a little bit darker than S7 edge and note 7 in addition to that i always use spigen or verus hard cases to protect the phones :); i think it won't be a problem as I got the silver titan color also on my S6 edge plus but its a little bit darker than S7 edge and note 7 in addition to that i always use spigen or verus hard cases to protect the phones :)
Equinox Hydroid, 03 Oct 2016congrats mate :) but which color is better black or silver ? as am confused!I got the Silver originally but have asked for Black when my new one comes.
 My biggest issue with silver is the back.... it is so shiny it looks like a mirror.
 
 Check real life pictures when deciding not Samsungs professional photos.; I got the Silver originally but have asked for Black when my new one comes.; My biggest issue with silver is the back.... it is so shiny it looks like a mirror.; Check real life pictures when deciding not Samsungs professional photos.
rajat124, 04 Oct 2016Admin please give a full review for the new replaced note7.Why? its identical to the original GN7 its just the battery issues have been fixed.; Why? its identical to the original GN7 its just the battery issues have been fixed.
This device has amazing features specially the s pen with new touchWiz and controlling battery usage!!! Definitely this is my upcoming phone after my current s6 edge plus! Whatever happened this phone is the best phone now comparing iphone 7 plus which has very weak features :S; This device has amazing features specially the s pen with new touchWiz and controlling battery usage!!! Definitely this is my upcoming phone after my current s6 edge plus! Whatever happened this phone is the best phone now comparing iphone 7 plus which has very weak features :S
Admin please give a full review for the new replaced note7.; Admin please give a full review for the new replaced note7.
Hey everyone,i bought my note 7 from UAE but i actually live in saudi so after the recall i gave my unit back at a via store in ksa after talking to samsung customer care .....now waiting for my replace unit .... anyidea when will it be available in saudi ???; Hey everyone,i bought my note 7 from UAE but i actually live in saudi so after the recall i gave my unit back at a via store in ksa after talking to samsung customer care .....now waiting for my replace unit .... anyidea when will it be available in saudi ???
Amro saladin, 03 Oct 2016When my note7 back to Egypt plz I miss it ?Its already back on sales world wide; Its already back on sales world wide
When are they launching in India.; When are they launching in India.
Pls frnds share ur experience with note 7 green battery... hws performance..?; Pls frnds share ur experience with note 7 green battery... hws performance..?
When my note7 back to Egypt plz I miss it ?; When my note7 back to Egypt plz I miss it ?
WiFi beast but mobile data and sms not ideal. Flagships should do this better than budget phones. It is slow to a crawl eg. A 720p video loads faster than a 240p video when compared to x phone they support the same bands other phones can run clocks around this but ppl don't benchmark these stuff... And sms forget it not even worth mentioning; WiFi beast but mobile data and sms not ideal. Flagships should do this better than budget phones. It is slow to a crawl eg. A 720p video loads faster than a 240p video when compared to x phone they support the same bands other phones can run clocks around this but ppl don't benchmark these stuff... And sms forget it not even worth mentioning
Sohail, 03 Oct 2016I replaced my black note7 with silver in dubai just went to samsung store in mall of the emira... morecongrats mate :) but which color is better black or silver ? as am confused!; congrats mate :) but which color is better black or silver ? as am confused!
Sohail, 03 Oct 2016I replaced my black note7 with silver in dubai just went to samsung store in mall of the emira... moregreat news sohail. Note7 is the best :); great news sohail. Note7 is the best :)
I have my note7 replacement and I enjoy it.even the old note 7 are ok, now my bussiness are back and I can use it on my daily activity.; I have my note7 replacement and I enjoy it.even the old note 7 are ok, now my bussiness are back and I can use it on my daily activity.
Shahrukh, 02 Oct 2016Im scared i cant buy this phone as it blasts Now The Battries Are Replaced People Are Complain... moreget over it....it's the best smartphone with safe batteries now.; get over it....it's the best smartphone with safe batteries now.
Pusht, 03 Oct 2016My pre order n Dubai has not come till now, where are 2.5 MLS phones sold and when replaced is... moreout dated??? what do you mean...there is no other smartphone matching note 7 right now.; out dated??? what do you mean...there is no other smartphone matching note 7 right now.
Sohail, 03 Oct 2016I replaced my black note7 with silver in dubai just went to samsung store in mall of the emira... morehow dose silver color feel? i have also preordered silver color note.; how dose silver color feel? i have also preordered silver color note.
I replaced my black note7 with silver in dubai just went to samsung store in mall of the emirates and again ihave brand new phone no problem at all no heatup no battery problem.im loving it.; I replaced my black note7 with silver in dubai just went to samsung store in mall of the emirates and again ihave brand new phone no problem at all no heatup no battery problem.im loving it.
Great phone
 Battery life is better than Note 5.
 phone never heat up during prolong play ( u tube , watch Movie )
 picture quality is superb...; Great phone; Battery life is better than Note 5.; phone never heat up during prolong play ( u tube , watch Movie ); picture quality is superb...
My pre order n Dubai has not come till now, where are 2.5 MLS phones sold and when replaced is a mystery. I am canceling my pre-order immediately, such expensive set, now out dated. Got S7 Edge titanium 650 $. Thx anyway!; My pre order n Dubai has not come till now, where are 2.5 MLS phones sold and when replaced is a mystery. I am canceling my pre-order immediately, such expensive set, now out dated. Got S7 Edge titanium 650 $. Thx anyway!
best of best; best of best
Im scared i cant buy this phone as it blasts Now The Battries Are Replaced People Are Complaining That Battery Lyf Isnt Good Plus It Heats Up Alot So Its A Damn Flop Phone And I Cant Compromise On Safety. 
 Sorry Samaung No Note 7; Im scared i cant buy this phone as it blasts Now The Battries Are Replaced People Are Complaining That Battery Lyf Isnt Good Plus It Heats Up Alot So Its A Damn Flop Phone And I Cant Compromise On Safety.; Sorry Samaung No Note 7
Anonymous, 02 Oct 2016Available Next week in Samsung stores Dubai (not sure about Axiom)Thnx bro.. wait 4 safe note 7; Thnx bro.. wait 4 safe note 7
Mustafa, 02 Oct 2016I want to buy note 7. When officially re_available in market pakistan or dubai...? Any idea frndsAvailable next week in Samsung stores Dubai (not sure about Axiom); Available next week in Samsung stores Dubai (not sure about Axiom)
Mustafa, 02 Oct 2016I want to buy note 7. When officially re_available in market pakistan or dubai...? Any idea frndsAvailable Next week in Samsung stores Dubai (not sure about Axiom); Available Next week in Samsung stores Dubai (not sure about Axiom)
I had note 7 because of fire thing I returned the phone and bought iPhone 7 plus. Now, I am returning this iphone7 and will be waiting for note 7 to come to the market again. 
 iphone is great no doubt but note7 is the best mobile right now; I had note 7 because of fire thing I returned the phone and bought iPhone 7 plus. Now, I am returning this iphone7 and will be waiting for note 7 to come to the market again.; iphone is great no doubt but note7 is the best mobile right now
Anonymous, 01 Oct 2016Have preordered note 7 is it worthy as am afraid of battery's issue suggest me guysI have an exynos version, no troubles at all, I would recommend it, its excellent, the best phone I have had, the camera is superb, no other phone can compare to this phone, it is beatiful; I have an exynos version, no troubles at all, I would recommend it, its excellent, the best phone I have had, the camera is superb, no other phone can compare to this phone, it is beatiful
when will it come in INDIA/ BANGLADESH? Any idea?; when will it come in INDIA/ BANGLADESH? Any idea?
I want to buy note 7. When officially re_available in market pakistan or dubai...? Any idea frnds; I want to buy note 7. When officially re_available in market pakistan or dubai...? Any idea frnds
zooob, 02 Oct 2016Plz help me .. convince me .. is it necessarly to upgrade my 7 years old galaxy s with note 7 ... moreBro, You need to change it either way to keep up with apps and other stuff, but keep your S with you coz obviously you're emotionally attached to it...; Bro, You need to change it either way to keep up with apps and other stuff, but keep your S with you coz obviously you're emotionally attached to it...
Gabber singh, 02 Oct 2016I am using note3 it is a good mobile plz suggest me to buy note7 or notepoint of u going to get note7 bcoz....if will die fast...Cool; point of u going to get note7 bcoz....if will die fast...Cool
Plz help me .. convince me .. is it necessarly to upgrade my 7 years old galaxy s with note 7 .. plz i need suggestions; Plz help me .. convince me .. is it necessarly to upgrade my 7 years old galaxy s with note 7 .. plz i need suggestions
kajam, 02 Oct 2016i used note 3, 4 and 5 the 7 i a beast compared to all these i regret buying the 5 after a wee... moreS4' galaxy aloha' s5 ' note 4 , note 3 can fit ur work requirements .. they have 
 super sensetivity option so u can do ur work with gloves.. be carfull wear an face shueld to protect ur self from explosions..; S4' galaxy aloha' s5 ' note 4 , note 3 can fit ur work requirements .. they have; super sensetivity option so u can do ur work with gloves.. be carfull wear an face shueld to protect ur self from explosions..
Gabber singh, 02 Oct 2016I am using note3 it is a good mobile plz suggest me to buy note7 or notei used note 3, 4 and 5 the 7 i a beast compared to all these i regret buying the 5 after a week and now i have the 7 i loved it with all the features specially the iris scanner. my work require me to wear gloves all day with the iris i dont have to take my gloves every time i had to do something in my phone. i will say go for it and you will never regret it; i used note 3, 4 and 5 the 7 i a beast compared to all these i regret buying the 5 after a week and now i have the 7 i loved it with all the features specially the iris scanner. my work require me to wear gloves all day with the iris i dont have to take my gloves every time i had to do something in my phone. i will say go for it and you will never regret it
I am using note3 it is a good mobile plz suggest me to buy note7 or note; I am using note3 it is a good mobile plz suggest me to buy note7 or note
Anonymous, 01 Oct 2016Have preordered note 7 is it worthy as am afraid of battery's issue suggest me guysYou don't worry, Samsung already recalled all the prevous note 7s :); You don't worry, Samsung already recalled all the prevous note 7s :)
Probably the Best Phone in the World for 2016.; Probably the Best Phone in the World for 2016.
whitedragon, 02 Oct 2016Yeah it is a tricky situation; no doubt some 'claims' will be people who dropped or broke thei... moreGood idea, i'm keeping the headphones but forgot about the stylus.. thanks :-); Good idea, i'm keeping the headphones but forgot about the stylus.. thanks :-)
lajkra, 02 Oct 2016So inside your self do u feel uncomfortable ?u mean did u think every day nay tonight the phon... moreAbout 1 in 20-30k have issues.
 My fast charge is off, battery limited to 80%, plus i don't leave it on combustible materials when charging.... so the risks are tiny... more risk every time i drive my car.
 
 Samsung advises that my new Note 7 will be here in a day or two.
 
 I'm keen to see evidence of the 50 deg c battery temp on the new GN7 you are talking about...; About 1 in 20-30k have issues.; My fast charge is off, battery limited to 80%, plus i don't leave it on combustible materials when charging.... so the risks are tiny... more risk every time i drive my car.; Samsung advises that my new Note 7 will be here in a day or two.; I'm keen to see evidence of the 50 deg c battery temp on the new GN7 you are talking about...
Bunyip22, 01 Oct 2016I have the old note 7. Battery is perfect. I am certain I won't have any issues with a new one... moreYeah it is a tricky situation; no doubt some 'claims' will be people who dropped or broke their unit (not eligible for warranty claim), who are inclined to make phone ignite so they can wrap it in a towel and jump on it and get a free/new one.
 
 Anyone who still has theirs; don't forget to keep the accessories (including the STYLUS!)
 
 I think sammy softmodding the phone to 60% max charge was mean/would do well motivating people to exchange their units- would have preferred if they just locked off 'fast charging'...; Yeah it is a tricky situation; no doubt some 'claims' will be people who dropped or broke their unit (not eligible for warranty claim), who are inclined to make phone ignite so they can wrap it in a towel and jump on it and get a free/new one.; Anyone who still has theirs; don't forget to keep the accessories (including the STYLUS!); I think sammy softmodding the phone to 60% max charge was mean/would do well motivating people to exchange their units- would have preferred if they just locked off 'fast charging'...
lajkra, 02 Oct 2016So inside your self do u feel uncomfortable ?u mean did u think every day nay tonight the phon... moreExploding only happens while charging. While it would happen 1 out of 42,000, you already on know replacements have been given out.; Exploding only happens while charging. While it would happen 1 out of 42,000, you already on know replacements have been given out.
Finally, some explanation as to why battery draining happens on the Note7.
 
 http://youtu.be/dva2MC4oRWU 
 
 Bloatware apps from T-Mobile that constantly searching for connection. And that has a Snapdragon processor version. The noobs don't know there are two versions. Old and slow MicroSD cards also may take issue with the speed.
 
 No issues reported on the Exynos version. As you can see with the guy's video, he had been using the safe version for two weeks, and it has the same 7 hours SOT that my old Note7 performs.
 
 NO overheating as it doesn't have a bloatware app that keeps trying to drain power CONSTANTLY to connect to the network.
 
 At least he can show evidence, unlike claims of "overheating" without even a single piece of evidence.; Finally, some explanation as to why battery draining happens on the Note7.; Bloatware apps from T-Mobile that constantly searching for connection. And that has a Snapdragon processor version. The noobs don't know there are two versions. Old and slow MicroSD cards also may take issue with the speed.; No issues reported on the Exynos version. As you can see with the guy's video, he had been using the safe version for two weeks, and it has the same 7 hours SOT that my old Note7 performs.; NO overheating as it doesn't have a bloatware app that keeps trying to drain power CONSTANTLY to connect to the network.; At least he can show evidence, unlike claims of "overheating" without even a single piece of evidence.
Bunyip22, 01 Oct 2016I have the old note 7. Battery is perfect. I am certain I won't have any issues with a new one... moreSo inside your self do u feel uncomfortable ?u mean did u think every day nay tonight the phone may explode ?? Oh may be iam the one between other millions who have the bad luck !! I believe u are suffering from those thoughts !!! May be ??; So inside your self do u feel uncomfortable ?u mean did u think every day nay tonight the phone may explode ?? Oh may be iam the one between other millions who have the bad luck !! I believe u are suffering from those thoughts !!! May be ??
Anonymous, 01 Oct 2016Have preordered note 7 is it worthy as am afraid of battery's issue suggest me guysI have the old note 7. Battery is perfect. I am certain I won't have any issues with a new one either... Plenty of trolls who can't prove their claims. 
 
 If I did have a problem with Samsung I would certainly let people know... Just see my comments on the note 5.; I have the old note 7. Battery is perfect. I am certain I won't have any issues with a new one either... Plenty of trolls who can't prove their claims.; If I did have a problem with Samsung I would certainly let people know... Just see my comments on the note 5.
Anonymous, 01 Oct 2016Have preordered note 7 is it worthy as am afraid of battery's issue suggest me guysRead pre comments and sure u will know .. this is a suggestion; Read pre comments and sure u will know .. this is a suggestion
Have preordered note 7 is it worthy as am afraid of battery's issue suggest me guys; Have preordered note 7 is it worthy as am afraid of battery's issue suggest me guys
lajkra, 01 Oct 2016So my note7 ohh sorry my brother's note7 got extreme heating (50c) at normal conditiins but my... moreTrust me, I still use my Note 3 for almost 3 years now. Now it's mostly for home use. I know it doesn't heat up.; Trust me, I still use my Note 3 for almost 3 years now. Now it's mostly for home use. I know it doesn't heat up.
lajkra, 01 Oct 2016If u meant that guy (me) .. i would like to tell u that u are the noob to world mobile compani... moreI said, "I SEEN one guy review it..."
 
 Do you review gadgets on YouTube? Did you say "the Note7 like an S7 Edge with an S Pen"? I wrote that in my comment. Was that referring to you?
 
 Stop being super sensitive. If you want people to believe you without question, post the necessary evidence. Even the report by WSJ was vague with no evidence.
 
 I'll make screenshots of the first 6 battery cycles showing charging graphs with temperature data. I'll probably get my new replacement by Wednesday when I have time to drop by my telco agent.
 
 Meanwhile, turn that hurt dial to a low setting.; I said, "I SEEN one guy review it..."; Do you review gadgets on YouTube? Did you say "the Note7 like an S7 Edge with an S Pen"? I wrote that in my comment. Was that referring to you?; Stop being super sensitive. If you want people to believe you without question, post the necessary evidence. Even the report by WSJ was vague with no evidence.; I'll make screenshots of the first 6 battery cycles showing charging graphs with temperature data. I'll probably get my new replacement by Wednesday when I have time to drop by my telco agent.; Meanwhile, turn that hurt dial to a low setting.
Bunyip22, 01 Oct 2016I don't believe you have ever used a note 7... But feel free to prove me wrong... Just post... moreThe problem with these overheating claims is that they can't seem to produce any screenshots, especially showing a graph showing charge % and temperature like GSam Battery Monitor:
 http://flic.kr/p/Mub4Et 
 
 And I was referring to a YouTube reviewer who summized that the battery was terrible after less than 24 hours of testing. These noobs don't know battery stabilizes some 6 cycles later, while updating of apps happen for the first 20 to 30 minutes, and even over 1 hour if there's a lot.
 
 I'll definitely have a look at this once I get my replacement.
 
 The 80% charge limit actually would keep the battery in better shape in a long term. Ideally the charge should be between 40 to 80% if anyone wants to keep the battery's power retention at optimum for a number of years. I wonder if the option to limit it will still be there.; The problem with these overheating claims is that they can't seem to produce any screenshots, especially showing a graph showing charge % and temperature like GSam Battery Monitor:; And I was referring to a YouTube reviewer who summized that the battery was terrible after less than 24 hours of testing. These noobs don't know battery stabilizes some 6 cycles later, while updating of apps happen for the first 20 to 30 minutes, and even over 1 hour if there's a lot.; I'll definitely have a look at this once I get my replacement.; The 80% charge limit actually would keep the battery in better shape in a long term. Ideally the charge should be between 40 to 80% if anyone wants to keep the battery's power retention at optimum for a number of years. I wonder if the option to limit it will still be there.
lajkra, 01 Oct 2016If u meant that guy (me) .. i would like to tell u that u are the noob to world mobile compani... moreI don't believe you have ever used a note 7... But feel free to prove me wrong...
 
 Just post a photo of the note 7 with the battery temp one screen screen screen and write your name on a bit of paper beside it.; I don't believe you have ever used a note 7... But feel free to prove me wrong...; Just post a photo of the note 7 with the battery temp one screen screen screen and write your name on a bit of paper beside it.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 01 Oct 2016Exactly. I seen one guy review it after only the first few hours and concluded the battery to ... moreSo my note7 ohh sorry my brother's note7 got extreme heating (50c) at normal conditiins but my 3 years old note 3 has got 45c at extreme conditions ..what a mess (note7); So my note7 ohh sorry my brother's note7 got extreme heating (50c) at normal conditiins but my 3 years old note 3 has got 45c at extreme conditions ..what a mess (note7)
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 01 Oct 2016Exactly. I seen one guy review it after only the first few hours and concluded the battery to ... moreIf u meant that guy (me) .. i would like to tell u that u are the noob to world mobile companies and technology.. i have had many phones along the past years ..I've never experienced 50 celcieus battery temp while charging even if its a new 0hone and ut needs some time may ne a day to optimize aops and battery cycle.. i played yesterday modern combat 4 in my car and at same time i was downloading contents from torrent .. sun rays was totally at my phone and guess what for 30 minutes the phone didnt get above 45 degrees celcius battery temp.. so 50 degrees is non sense if ur note7 is charging below ur ac and it is on an aluminum cooled table .. confess that this phone is just a massive failure.. dont lie on your self and confront the truth; If u meant that guy (me) .. i would like to tell u that u are the noob to world mobile companies and technology.. i have had many phones along the past years ..I've never experienced 50 celcieus battery temp while charging even if its a new 0hone and ut needs some time may ne a day to optimize aops and battery cycle.. i played yesterday modern combat 4 in my car and at same time i was downloading contents from torrent .. sun rays was totally at my phone and guess what for 30 minutes the phone didnt get above 45 degrees celcius battery temp.. so 50 degrees is non sense if ur note7 is charging below ur ac and it is on an aluminum cooled table .. confess that this phone is just a massive failure.. dont lie on your self and confront the truth
whitedragon, 01 Oct 2016There has been a bunch of 'heating issues', and rapidly draining batteries being 'reported'. ... moreExactly. I seen one guy review it after only the first few hours and concluded the battery to be insubstantial. Geeez... The Note7 needs to learn the battery cycle again, and it would take a few discharges for calibration. He even calls the Note7 like an S7 Edge with an S Pen. That definitely rings the noob bell.
 
 I'll be getting my replacement pretty soon. Just don't have time to go by the Telco center as I'm busy with something urgent. I got appointments first two workdays. Replacements officially starts today.
 
 Pretty much I'm one of the 80 to 90% who opted to stay on with the Note7. Good hardware upgrade from the Note 3, except for the sealed battery and glass back.; Exactly. I seen one guy review it after only the first few hours and concluded the battery to be insubstantial. Geeez... The Note7 needs to learn the battery cycle again, and it would take a few discharges for calibration. He even calls the Note7 like an S7 Edge with an S Pen. That definitely rings the noob bell.; I'll be getting my replacement pretty soon. Just don't have time to go by the Telco center as I'm busy with something urgent. I got appointments first two workdays. Replacements officially starts today.; Pretty much I'm one of the 80 to 90% who opted to stay on with the Note7. Good hardware upgrade from the Note 3, except for the sealed battery and glass back.
There has been a bunch of 'heating issues', and rapidly draining batteries being 'reported'.
 
 If we think about this; combined with the occulus software heating issue: new phones installing and optimising their apps, the downloading of apps and updates, and the battery sorting out its charge level over the first few charges etc... this is all just standard phone stuff.
 
 Just more people paying attention on these phones presently.
 
 Other night I got a 160mb security update for my Note 4. Phone was at 69% power, install update and reboot and then 'optimise apps', phone after restart was at 50%. (Twenty minutes odd). Then the phone said it had another 160mb update (guessing it was the same update!), twenty minutes later phone is at 30% power. 
 I never see my phone discharge so quickly, but these updates are not the norm (went eight months without any updates during the year).
 
 So replacement Note 7s, requiring updates, would have a 'fast drain' in their initial runtimes..
 
 All is right, just people are worried and 'on edge'.
 Would be best if we reassured that this is standard stuff...; There has been a bunch of 'heating issues', and rapidly draining batteries being 'reported'.; If we think about this; combined with the occulus software heating issue: new phones installing and optimising their apps, the downloading of apps and updates, and the battery sorting out its charge level over the first few charges etc... this is all just standard phone stuff.; Just more people paying attention on these phones presently.; Other night I got a 160mb security update for my Note 4. Phone was at 69% power, install update and reboot and then 'optimise apps', phone after restart was at 50%. (Twenty minutes odd). Then the phone said it had another 160mb update (guessing it was the same update!), twenty minutes later phone is at 30% power.; I never see my phone discharge so quickly, but these updates are not the norm (went eight months without any updates during the year).; So replacement Note 7s, requiring updates, would have a 'fast drain' in their initial runtimes..; All is right, just people are worried and 'on edge'.; Would be best if we reassured that this is standard stuff...
Anonymous, 28 Sep 2016Hey, finally someone who agrees. I had mentioned this to PARAG B and he/she flipped out and to... moreAnd for many the 'Note 5' was the "sure skip"
 
 Note 7 is progress in the phone space, just subtle/incremental changes from the S7
 Note and S series are for differing groups, so, 'not an issue'.
 
 I do think I am reading a lot of misconceptions about 'spec sheet' upgrades.
 As an example, progress in camera sensors isn't about greater megapixels, but more to do with focusing methods and ISO/noise control. A 12megapixel camera this year is vastly different to one made five years ago... especially the custom Sony IMX designs that Samsung use!
 
 Even the screen, albeit at the same physical resolution, has vastly differing properties (colour gamut and brightness, hence contrast, are improved), as displaymate reiviews confirm, Samsung improve their screen tech every six months, this is the 'latest'.
 
 For me the sound (DAC), the screen, the camera and the waterproofing were all massive improvements over the Note 4 (the screen perhaps in HDR mode is required to really show its ability.. "A million ways to die in the west" youtube clip seems to show the increased dynamic range nicely....)
 
 Just because you cannot see the screen digitiser running at increased rates, or that the camera is vastly better colour response (check PRINTS- monitors do not reveal this stuff).. doesn't mean that much engineering and hard work hasn't been done.
 
 This phone is phenominal! Best phone hardware I have held in a long time.
 
 Killer phone. I am not going to 'wait' for something better. I have use for THIS phone, NOW.; And for many the 'Note 5' was the "sure skip"; Note 7 is progress in the phone space, just subtle/incremental changes from the S7; Note and S series are for differing groups, so, 'not an issue'.; I do think I am reading a lot of misconceptions about 'spec sheet' upgrades.; As an example, progress in camera sensors isn't about greater megapixels, but more to do with focusing methods and ISO/noise control. A 12megapixel camera this year is vastly different to one made five years ago... especially the custom Sony IMX designs that Samsung use!; Even the screen, albeit at the same physical resolution, has vastly differing properties (colour gamut and brightness, hence contrast, are improved), as displaymate reiviews confirm, Samsung improve their screen tech every six months, this is the 'latest'.; For me the sound (DAC), the screen, the camera and the waterproofing were all massive improvements over the Note 4 (the screen perhaps in HDR mode is required to really show its ability.. "A million ways to die in the west" youtube clip seems to show the increased dynamic range nicely....); Just because you cannot see the screen digitiser running at increased rates, or that the camera is vastly better colour response (check PRINTS- monitors do not reveal this stuff).. doesn't mean that much engineering and hard work hasn't been done.; This phone is phenominal! Best phone hardware I have held in a long time.; Killer phone. I am not going to 'wait' for something better. I have use for THIS phone, NOW.
First it was exploding issues and now its overheating. Too risky at such a high cost. This model should just be discontinued for now. I will just wait for galaxy S8.; First it was exploding issues and now its overheating. Too risky at such a high cost. This model should just be discontinued for now. I will just wait for galaxy S8.
Julliard, 30 Sep 2016Non removable battery is inevitable in modern design. If battery still removable it would hind... moreIt's NOT "inevitable" or is it "innovative". I'd go for something 2mm thicker for removable battery. Batteries degrade - that's a fact. What's so "innovative" about deliberately making things obsolete by not being able to prolong the usage easier by just buying a fresh battery? My past Galaxy Notes are with family members, and they're pretty happy they still work fine with a fresh battery and no need to go to a service center just to change the battery. 
 
 The first iPhone was about 13mm thick, and had a sealed battery, it had a plastic back. The Note7 is about 7mm thick but fragile as hell that you need a case that has to have thick front lip perimeter from breaking from falls. That's about 10mm thick.
 
 This is my current case for my Note7:
 
 http://www.flickr.com/photos/92800985@N06/shares­/1YGYRV 
 
 It has that front perimeter lip, unlike exposing that curved glass edge of even high-end cases. I have to put up with such for The best mobile camera and S Pen. The "innovative" $950 design is too fragile for accidental drops. I don't want to spend an extra $270 for replacing that front screen.
 
 With such thin design and sealed, I can't replace the battery to a higher capacity that can DIRECTLY power it. I have to be content with carrying a power bank. Go figure - carrying another object that's even bigger and heavier than the device you carry... with a wire to connect.
 
 If you and the rest want sealed "innovative" design, Samsung might as well put a more decent battery of 5000mAh. That guarantees 9 hours SOT.; It's NOT "inevitable" or is it "innovative". I'd go for something 2mm thicker for removable battery. Batteries degrade - that's a fact. What's so "innovative" about deliberately making things obsolete by not being able to prolong the usage easier by just buying a fresh battery? My past Galaxy Notes are with family members, and they're pretty happy they still work fine with a fresh battery and no need to go to a service center just to change the battery.; The first iPhone was about 13mm thick, and had a sealed battery, it had a plastic back. The Note7 is about 7mm thick but fragile as hell that you need a case that has to have thick front lip perimeter from breaking from falls. That's about 10mm thick.; This is my current case for my Note7:; It has that front perimeter lip, unlike exposing that curved glass edge of even high-end cases. I have to put up with such for The best mobile camera and S Pen. The "innovative" $950 design is too fragile for accidental drops. I don't want to spend an extra $270 for replacing that front screen.; With such thin design and sealed, I can't replace the battery to a higher capacity that can DIRECTLY power it. I have to be content with carrying a power bank. Go figure - carrying another object that's even bigger and heavier than the device you carry... with a wire to connect.; If you and the rest want sealed "innovative" design, Samsung might as well put a more decent battery of 5000mAh. That guarantees 9 hours SOT.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 30 Sep 2016Right, the two of you sharing a high end device... good story, bruh...Believe or not its up to you .. google it and u see it .. (people are complaining about heating issues after the recall process..; Believe or not its up to you .. google it and u see it .. (people are complaining about heating issues after the recall process..
lajkra, 30 Sep 2016Yeah its my brother .. byt i said its mine there is no difference .. what matters us to send n... moreRight, the two of you sharing a high end device... good story, bruh...; Right, the two of you sharing a high end device... good story, bruh...
hulahula, 30 Sep 2016Because Samsung and any others Android phone are copying Apple iPhone in every aspects. In thi... moreNon removable battery is inevitable in modern design. If battery still removable it would hinder innovation in term of design. Unibody are well received these day. Thickness of phone become major things we consider when choosing a phone too. The thinner, the lighter the phone would be and the longer you can hold it without getting tired and wrist pain.; Non removable battery is inevitable in modern design. If battery still removable it would hinder innovation in term of design. Unibody are well received these day. Thickness of phone become major things we consider when choosing a phone too. The thinner, the lighter the phone would be and the longer you can hold it without getting tired and wrist pain.
Anonymous, 30 Sep 2016Did you measure it with proper thermal device or silly app which is very inaccurate.i will tell .. whats about ampere...phone info pkus (samsung) cpu z ...antutu benchmark ...whats about my hands which are burned (not really); i will tell .. whats about ampere...phone info pkus (samsung) cpu z ...antutu benchmark ...whats about my hands which are burned (not really)
lajkra, 30 Sep 2016Hey he is serious ..i got the damn recalled note 7 yesterday and after 18 minutes of charging ... moreDid you measure it with proper thermal device or silly app which is very inaccurate.; Did you measure it with proper thermal device or silly app which is very inaccurate.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 30 Sep 2016And I thought it was your brother's, not YOUR Note7. How convenient that you sold it in less t... moreYeah its my brother .. byt i said its mine there is no difference .. what matters us to send ny message to people visiting this forum.. i have decided to sell it becuz iam not satisfied any more with this phone and iam afraid from a nuclear explotion inside my house .. uts not natter how it has been with me .. even 2 hours .. u have it for 10 days before recalking and after recall processs .. 2 hours is much more time to decide if this phone deserve to stay in my home or not ..; Yeah its my brother .. byt i said its mine there is no difference .. what matters us to send ny message to people visiting this forum.. i have decided to sell it becuz iam not satisfied any more with this phone and iam afraid from a nuclear explotion inside my house .. uts not natter how it has been with me .. even 2 hours .. u have it for 10 days before recalking and after recall processs .. 2 hours is much more time to decide if this phone deserve to stay in my home or not ..
I how to note 7; I how to note 7
Samsung Philippines is the most unsystematic, and pain in the ask company.
 They will tell you, Samsung Note 7 recall program is first come first serve basis. But now you are telling me because I just purchase the phone In Singapore, they must consider first the phone bough here Philippines. So know I need to wait for another 2to3 weeks for me to get that phone. TAKE NOTE I return the phone on September14, 2016 at SM Mall of Asia. 
 #note7 #samsung #phonebombnote7 #SamsungIsMadeByISSI #DontbuySamsung; Samsung Philippines is the most unsystematic, and pain in the ask company.; They will tell you, Samsung Note 7 recall program is first come first serve basis. But now you are telling me because I just purchase the phone In Singapore, they must consider first the phone bough here Philippines. So know I need to wait for another 2to3 weeks for me to get that phone. TAKE NOTE I return the phone on September14, 2016 at SM Mall of Asia.; #note7 #samsung #phonebombnote7 #SamsungIsMadeByISSI #DontbuySamsung
lajkra, 30 Sep 2016I would like to show u but my note7 has been sold And I thought it was your brother's, not YOUR Note7. How convenient that you sold it in less than 24 hours.; And I thought it was your brother's, not YOUR Note7. How convenient that you sold it in less than 24 hours.
lajkra, 30 Sep 2016I would like to show u but my note7 has been sold Nice. 50 degrees. Right...; Nice. 50 degrees. Right...
hulahula, 30 Sep 2016Because Samsung and any others Android phone are copying Apple iPhone in every aspects. In thi... moreactually apple copy everyone else in case you didn't notice....; actually apple copy everyone else in case you didn't notice....
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 30 Sep 2016Let's see some screen shots showing that's it's charging and shows the temperature, like GSam ... moreI would like to show u but my note7 has been sold; I would like to show u but my note7 has been sold
lajkra, 28 Sep 2016I dont know why nowadayd all companies switched to non removable battery in their phones .. i ... moreBecause Samsung and any others Android phone are copying Apple iPhone in every aspects. In this case is non-removeable battery.; Because Samsung and any others Android phone are copying Apple iPhone in every aspects. In this case is non-removeable battery.
lajkra, 30 Sep 2016Hey he is serious ..i got the damn recalled note 7 yesterday and after 18 minutes of charging ... moreLet's see some screen shots showing that's it's charging and shows the temperature, like GSam Battery monitor... 50°C is extremely too hot. I'd like to see that claim.; Let's see some screen shots showing that's it's charging and shows the temperature, like GSam Battery monitor... 50°C is extremely too hot. I'd like to see that claim.
PARAG B, 30 Sep 2016dude a bit of heating while charging is normal..and if you are fast charging it wud heat up mo... moreHey he is serious ..i got the damn recalled note 7 yesterday and after 18 minutes of charging and puttibg it on akuminum table witg our fresh cool air (AC) THE PHONE got extreme heating to 50 degrees now we turn it off and thinking to sell it on their own risk; Hey he is serious ..i got the damn recalled note 7 yesterday and after 18 minutes of charging and puttibg it on akuminum table witg our fresh cool air (AC) THE PHONE got extreme heating to 50 degrees now we turn it off and thinking to sell it on their own risk
Samsung is no 1 brand man. Some explode topic is real and some create to confused to consumer to here and media source because this is smartphone market compation war; Samsung is no 1 brand man. Some explode topic is real and some create to confused to consumer to here and media source because this is smartphone market compation war
PARAG B, 30 Sep 2016dude a bit of heating while charging is normal..and if you are fast charging it wud heat up mo... moreCorrect. If I'm plugged in while I'm texting or browsing the net, my Note 5 gets hot.; Correct. If I'm plugged in while I'm texting or browsing the net, my Note 5 gets hot.
John, 29 Sep 2016My wife got replacement yesterday and when she charged it was heated updude a bit of heating while charging is normal..and if you are fast charging it wud heat up more..so you see its subjective.; dude a bit of heating while charging is normal..and if you are fast charging it wud heat up more..so you see its subjective.
Gemini, 27 Sep 2016I read the post in the link u shared and it didnt say Iphone 7plus or even 6s.....it read Ipho... moreYou were saying....?
 
 http://www.news.com.au/technology/redditt-user-s­hares-photo-claiming-to-be-iphone-7-plus-which-c­aught-fire-in-transit/news-story/988887b80fbabb1­4279e10b9cb547c7a; You were saying....?
lajkra, 29 Sep 2016If this guy is saying the truth so samsung is just a company that making impossible to satisfy... moreYes he is saying the truth I wont buy Samsung phone again. They are not serious about the the recall if they really serious about it they should accept any note 7.; Yes he is saying the truth I wont buy Samsung phone again. They are not serious about the the recall if they really serious about it they should accept any note 7.
lajkra, 29 Sep 2016So after the recall process .. people are complaining about battery heating issues .. so is th... morei think samsung now must focus on the galaxy S8 as the note 7 will not return the trust of all the excited users like before once released! note 7 is great device indeed but its all about bad luck this time for the note series!; i think samsung now must focus on the galaxy S8 as the note 7 will not return the trust of all the excited users like before once released! note 7 is great device indeed but its all about bad luck this time for the note series!
So after the recall process .. people are complaining about battery heating issues .. so is there any one with a logical mind is thinking now to buy that phone ? Oh he/she is not sure 100% if its faulty one so this is a problem.. and if its recalled one so problems are still exists .. may be .. note 7 is a massive dissapointement .. and this year samsung must think how to make their fans happy the next year; So after the recall process .. people are complaining about battery heating issues .. so is there any one with a logical mind is thinking now to buy that phone ? Oh he/she is not sure 100% if its faulty one so this is a problem.. and if its recalled one so problems are still exists .. may be .. note 7 is a massive dissapointement .. and this year samsung must think how to make their fans happy the next year
Michael, 29 Sep 2016I do hate this Note 7. In the Philippines they are not so serious about the recall they only c... moreIf this guy is saying the truth so samsung is just a company that making impossible to satisfy their pockets .. in this year samsung should do impossible to recall all note7 units even if they are ( rooted.. custom roms ..black listed and etc..) and may be he is right but stores in his country is just making shits .. may be ... there should be no conditions to recall because here we are talking about human life .. and all people out there .. how many people were killed by explosions of batteries ?? How many houses have burned ?; If this guy is saying the truth so samsung is just a company that making impossible to satisfy their pockets .. in this year samsung should do impossible to recall all note7 units even if they are ( rooted.. custom roms ..black listed and etc..) and may be he is right but stores in his country is just making shits .. may be ... there should be no conditions to recall because here we are talking about human life .. and all people out there .. how many people were killed by explosions of batteries ?? How many houses have burned ?
My brother just got the replacement one since 5 hours ..charging ut and suddenlly the ampere app starts to ringing .. oh battery warm alert .. checked it to make us got shocked .. battery temp is 50c .. what the hell with that curse (note7) i think samsung should get off all note7 from the market and confessing that this is a bad year .. no more danger .. no more victims .. no more hard earned money goes for nothing ...; My brother just got the replacement one since 5 hours ..charging ut and suddenlly the ampere app starts to ringing .. oh battery warm alert .. checked it to make us got shocked .. battery temp is 50c .. what the hell with that curse (note7) i think samsung should get off all note7 from the market and confessing that this is a bad year .. no more danger .. no more victims .. no more hard earned money goes for nothing ...
Torjanx, 29 Sep 2016because of waterproof Oh plz dont pretend that u dont have any logic ... isnt s5 a water res.. phone with removable battery option .. oh god of that people; Oh plz dont pretend that u dont have any logic ... isnt s5 a water res.. phone with removable battery option .. oh god of that people
The successor could bring us 1440p@120fps. Slow down to half, and you've still got very smooth 60 fps to spare! That's awesome!; The successor could bring us 1440p@120fps. Slow down to half, and you've still got very smooth 60 fps to spare! That's awesome!
I do hate this Note 7. In the Philippines they are not so serious about the recall they only choose few phones for recalls. And mine does not meet the requirement because I do buy it in Ebay they don't/wont accept it. It just came up to me that they should bring the battery to charge it again in 100 % if they really don't serious or does not care about safety of there consumer about there recall. SAMSUNG just bring the god damn battery to 100%; I do hate this Note 7. In the Philippines they are not so serious about the recall they only choose few phones for recalls. And mine does not meet the requirement because I do buy it in Ebay they don't/wont accept it. It just came up to me that they should bring the battery to charge it again in 100 % if they really don't serious or does not care about safety of there consumer about there recall. SAMSUNG just bring the god damn battery to 100%
PARAG B, 28 Sep 2016hmm yawn! abt that news ,these kind of news or incidents can easily be created by big giants l... moreMy wife got replacement yesterday and when she charged it was heated up; My wife got replacement yesterday and when she charged it was heated up
lajkra, 28 Sep 2016I dont know why nowadayd all companies switched to non removable battery in their phones .. i ... morebecause of waterproof; because of waterproof
I dont know why nowadayd all companies switched to non removable battery in their phones .. i dont want design i dont want anything except a good device ..if samsung put removable battery option in note 7 .. problem is solved ... all people out their plz come to stores and take free betteries and give us the faulty ones ..removable batt. Is vwry important for future accidents that would be happen to phone ..look now at lg vibe .. its what anyone wish from a company to do and lg has did the job . Design isnt matter .. beauty look isnt matter ..creation is what matters .. and unfortionatly creation wasnt appeared since samsung note 2 ... and samsung s2.. dont laugh on ur mind and say ohhhhhhhhh note 7 has brought all ceative features ..all companies doesnt care about anything except speed ..ohhh first thing to be said every year is ( apple says that A10 is faster than A9 40%) and the same to snapdragon and exynos.. i will prove that .. every one entering this forum every day just went to see cpu and gpu specs on the phone becuz people are trapped by that uselles things..features of note 7 must be in note 4 and features of s7 must be done for s5 .. plz dont thimk iam stupid just this is an opinion from a computer engineer(me) and many people agree with me .. and at last i would like to say .. i have note 3 and galaxy alpha and i didnt think ever to buy a new note phone becuz this is lost of hard earned money .. and its worthless; I dont know why nowadayd all companies switched to non removable battery in their phones .. i dont want design i dont want anything except a good device ..if samsung put removable battery option in note 7 .. problem is solved ... all people out their plz come to stores and take free betteries and give us the faulty ones ..removable batt. Is vwry important for future accidents that would be happen to phone ..look now at lg vibe .. its what anyone wish from a company to do and lg has did the job . Design isnt matter .. beauty look isnt matter ..creation is what matters .. and unfortionatly creation wasnt appeared since samsung note 2 ... and samsung s2.. dont laugh on ur mind and say ohhhhhhhhh note 7 has brought all ceative features ..all companies doesnt care about anything except speed ..ohhh first thing to be said every year is ( apple says that A10 is faster than A9 40%) and the same to snapdragon and exynos.. i will prove that .. every one entering this forum every day just went to see cpu and gpu specs on the phone becuz people are trapped by that uselles things..features of note 7 must be in note 4 and features of s7 must be done for s5 .. plz dont thimk iam stupid just this is an opinion from a computer engineer(me) and many people agree with me .. and at last i would like to say .. i have note 3 and galaxy alpha and i didnt think ever to buy a new note phone becuz this is lost of hard earned money .. and its worthless
https://twitter.com/Lyraull/status/7811573688224­56320?lang=en 
 game over Samsung :)))); game over Samsung :))))
PARAG B, 28 Sep 2016hehe yet the lg v20 has the removable battery "my favourate feature" LolAnd yet you'll be getting the Note7 in a "short time".
 
 I have to admit, the battery life of the Note7 is way more long-lasting than the Note 3 per charge. The Note 3 could give me some 3.5 hours SOT, while the Note7 can give twice at 7 hours SOT!
 
 http://flic.kr/p/Mv1MCS 
 
 However, that can go on for a year or so, and all downhill with that sealed battery degrades.; And yet you'll be getting the Note7 in a "short time".; I have to admit, the battery life of the Note7 is way more long-lasting than the Note 3 per charge. The Note 3 could give me some 3.5 hours SOT, while the Note7 can give twice at 7 hours SOT!; However, that can go on for a year or so, and all downhill with that sealed battery degrades.
"Overheating" and "losing power while charging" are hearsay news. No Youtube videos regarding those "issues". No temperature mentioned. No details. No complaints from the first batch with the China-produced revised "safe" version. Then all of the sudden there are VAGUE complaints from social media.
 
 I'm getting my safe replacement in 3 days. At least two people here are sour grapes about the new safe version.; "Overheating" and "losing power while charging" are hearsay news. No Youtube videos regarding those "issues". No temperature mentioned. No details. No complaints from the first batch with the China-produced revised "safe" version. Then all of the sudden there are VAGUE complaints from social media.; I'm getting my safe replacement in 3 days. At least two people here are sour grapes about the new safe version.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 28 Sep 2016V20 screen not color accurate, SHORT battery life. Hehe, so much for championing the V20... ... morehehe yet the lg v20 has the removable battery "my favourate feature" Lol; hehe yet the lg v20 has the removable battery "my favourate feature" Lol
Anonymous, 28 Sep 2016Hey, finally someone who agrees. I had mentioned this to PARAG B and he/she flipped out and to... moredude although u cud be correct in many sense ,however you cant generalize and just tell or suggest people to skip stuff and expect them to support you .live in reality if you can; dude although u cud be correct in many sense ,however you cant generalize and just tell or suggest people to skip stuff and expect them to support you .live in reality if you can
[deleted post]V20 screen not color accurate, SHORT battery life. Hehe, so much for championing the V20...
 
 Yeah, keep counting megapixels.; V20 screen not color accurate, SHORT battery life. Hehe, so much for championing the V20...; Yeah, keep counting megapixels.
Savor , 28 Sep 2016This seems like a bad year to really upgrade. Note7 - All the battery, overheating issues ... moreyeh man!i agree even the ram management issues are going worst in android and its lossing to ios i know both are diffrent os but i got to admit ios on a iphone is made for each other be it hardware or software, but in android its all confusing google decides something for there upgrades and samsung or all the other android oem's decide something else for there android skins .all in all its more complicated than ios which results in bugs and incompitibility issues ..however android also comes with its own share of advantages which ios cud never match but ios is like rock solid and works crazy fast with its new quad core a10 chipset,3gb ram it shatters everything on this planet in single core performance and now even the muticore performance is improved .
 
 Android on the other hand is kinda fragile and have to deal with mutiple socs like exynos, snapdragon,media tek,kerin etc.
 but yes even i hate that iphones is still stuck to old screen resolutions plus still hate those huge bezels on iphones .
 
 note7 sud have been a flat screen 6"(wud have been best for spen than a edge screen) smartphone with a 4k screen plus a 30mp camera with f/1.5 or atleast f /1.6 apreture for better low light performance and a atleast a 3600 mah or a better 3700 mah battery to overcome its shortcomings to iphones and stand out in the market.but may be it will happen next year with Note8
 
 I was hoping with lg v20 lg wud use atleast a better 20mp camera with a improved low light apreture but all LG have done is to just put the lg g5 camera on v20's back and downgraded the front camera on lg v20 from 8mp to 5mp ..dont know what they were smoking while deciding that.plus the ips panels are still not that great compaired to oleds...and lg v20 does not come with a dual sim option..
 
 So all in all this year was not great for smartphones hopefully all the oems learn a lession of this year and do something soon to not only overcome but also make use of the big words they say like innovation, revolution etc in there product launch.; yeh man!i agree even the ram management issues are going worst in android and its lossing to ios i know both are diffrent os but i got to admit ios on a iphone is made for each other be it hardware or software, but in android its all confusing google decides something for there upgrades and samsung or all the other android oem's decide something else for there android skins .all in all its more complicated than ios which results in bugs and incompitibility issues ..however android also comes with its own share of advantages which ios cud never match but ios is like rock solid and works crazy fast with its new quad core a10 chipset,3gb ram it shatters everything on this planet in single core performance and now even the muticore performance is improved .; Android on the other hand is kinda fragile and have to deal with mutiple socs like exynos, snapdragon,media tek,kerin etc.; but yes even i hate that iphones is still stuck to old screen resolutions plus still hate those huge bezels on iphones .; note7 sud have been a flat screen 6"(wud have been best for spen than a edge screen) smartphone with a 4k screen plus a 30mp camera with f/1.5 or atleast f /1.6 apreture for better low light performance and a atleast a 3600 mah or a better 3700 mah battery to overcome its shortcomings to iphones and stand out in the market.but may be it will happen next year with Note8; I was hoping with lg v20 lg wud use atleast a better 20mp camera with a improved low light apreture but all LG have done is to just put the lg g5 camera on v20's back and downgraded the front camera on lg v20 from 8mp to 5mp ..dont know what they were smoking while deciding that.plus the ips panels are still not that great compaired to oleds...and lg v20 does not come with a dual sim option..; So all in all this year was not great for smartphones hopefully all the oems learn a lession of this year and do something soon to not only overcome but also make use of the big words they say like innovation, revolution etc in there product launch.
raj, 28 Sep 2016see http://money.cnn.com/2016/09/27/technology/samsung-galaxy-note-7-fire-china/ hmm yawn! abt that news ,these kind of news or incidents can easily be created by big giants like apple or other buisness compititors to put the No1 down.& samsung is no saint either even they can get involved in these kind of buisness tactics ,and this is no new news i am giving you its easy to understand there rivalery by there ads campanes. In market its all about money by hook or crook.
 but tell me this do you really belive everything media serves you? Think again.; hmm yawn! abt that news ,these kind of news or incidents can easily be created by big giants like apple or other buisness compititors to put the No1 down.& samsung is no saint either even they can get involved in these kind of buisness tactics ,and this is no new news i am giving you its easy to understand there rivalery by there ads campanes. In market its all about money by hook or crook.; but tell me this do you really belive everything media serves you? Think again.
Anonymous, 26 Sep 2016We are not interested.LOL!; LOL!
[deleted post]see http://money.cnn.com/2016/09/27/technology/samsu­ng-galaxy-note-7-fire-china/; see
Savor , 28 Sep 2016This seems like a bad year to really upgrade. Note7 - All the battery, overheating issues ... moreHey, finally someone who agrees. I had mentioned this to PARAG B and he/she flipped out and told me not to tell him/her what to do. 
 
 I suggested it's best to skip a generation sometimes, and this Note generation is a sure skip. 
 
 I'm sure this will get deleted.; Hey, finally someone who agrees. I had mentioned this to PARAG B and he/she flipped out and told me not to tell him/her what to do.; I suggested it's best to skip a generation sometimes, and this Note generation is a sure skip.; I'm sure this will get deleted.
Savor , 28 Sep 2016This seems like a bad year to really upgrade. Note7 - All the battery, overheating issues ... moreAgain, the news about "overheating" has NO mention of what temperature, or what were the user doing with the phone while "losing charge" or was it on fast or regular charging.
 
 This is just sloppy journalism, picked up from social media comments with no specific details. 
 
 Go on and search YouTube... No posts regarding these problems with the new Note7 replacements AT ALL! It's hearsay, and likely produced by the competition.
 
 We all know the Note7 has the most features-packed package. S lineup aren't as exciting as the Note series.; Again, the news about "overheating" has NO mention of what temperature, or what were the user doing with the phone while "losing charge" or was it on fast or regular charging.; This is just sloppy journalism, picked up from social media comments with no specific details.; Go on and search YouTube... No posts regarding these problems with the new Note7 replacements AT ALL! It's hearsay, and likely produced by the competition.; We all know the Note7 has the most features-packed package. S lineup aren't as exciting as the Note series.
Savor , 28 Sep 2016This seems like a bad year to really upgrade. Note7 - All the battery, overheating issues ... moreWhy would you want 4K screen and 30MP camera?
 
 A 4K screen is useless except for the small few who use VR headsets... you won't see the slightest difference and if will impact on the phone performance.
 
 30MP cameras wouldn't bring better quality. The 12MP GN7 camera proves that lower MP actually have less noise. Sensor size is more important and dual cameras more useful.; Why would you want 4K screen and 30MP camera?; A 4K screen is useless except for the small few who use VR headsets... you won't see the slightest difference and if will impact on the phone performance.; 30MP cameras wouldn't bring better quality. The 12MP GN7 camera proves that lower MP actually have less noise. Sensor size is more important and dual cameras more useful.
Savor , 28 Sep 2016This seems like a bad year to really upgrade. Note7 - All the battery, overheating issues ... moreRe the Note 7 issues you mention.
 
 Hopefully the battery issues are now fixed.
 I'm not sure what lag you are talking about. My GN7 is really quick. Some people confuse data loading with lag. You can turn off transitions which often get confused with lag also.
 
 I have had my GN7 for nearly 6 weeks now with no case or screen protection (ordered some but never used it). I haven't been careful with it because of the recall... i don't have the slightest mark on the front, back or metal edges.; Re the Note 7 issues you mention.; Hopefully the battery issues are now fixed.; I'm not sure what lag you are talking about. My GN7 is really quick. Some people confuse data loading with lag. You can turn off transitions which often get confused with lag also.; I have had my GN7 for nearly 6 weeks now with no case or screen protection (ordered some but never used it). I haven't been careful with it because of the recall... i don't have the slightest mark on the front, back or metal edges.
This seems like a bad year to really upgrade. 
 
 Note7 - All the battery, overheating issues and laggy software. The entire GG5 body is completely scratch prone. 
 
 iPhone 7+ - Inferior camera to Samsung flagships. Removed headphone jack. Resolution still stuck from 2012-2013. Weakest upgrade in years. The sexiest color in jet black is scratch prone and matte black is a smudge magnet which makes you miss space gray. 
 
 LG V20 - LG completely failed at battery life again. Same to displays, availability, and asking price. Easily affected by small amounts of water. 
 
 Others like HTC 10 is same ol', same ol'. 
 
 Wait for 2017. More radical changes with the Samsung Galaxy X. The iPhone 8 will look different. The S8 will spearhead 4K displays and maybe pack 30MP or projector. If you plan to get a flagship, just buy a cheap Chinese one as a temporary. OnePlus 3 and Xiaomi Mi 5s can definitely hold most people over. I am really NOT IMPRESSED by any flagship this year by any company. And not for the asking price they ask when we all know the big changes for Samsung and Apple comes next year. Just wait until MWC arrives next March.; This seems like a bad year to really upgrade.; Note7 - All the battery, overheating issues and laggy software. The entire GG5 body is completely scratch prone.; iPhone 7+ - Inferior camera to Samsung flagships. Removed headphone jack. Resolution still stuck from 2012-2013. Weakest upgrade in years. The sexiest color in jet black is scratch prone and matte black is a smudge magnet which makes you miss space gray.; LG V20 - LG completely failed at battery life again. Same to displays, availability, and asking price. Easily affected by small amounts of water.; Others like HTC 10 is same ol', same ol'.; Wait for 2017. More radical changes with the Samsung Galaxy X. The iPhone 8 will look different. The S8 will spearhead 4K displays and maybe pack 30MP or projector. If you plan to get a flagship, just buy a cheap Chinese one as a temporary. OnePlus 3 and Xiaomi Mi 5s can definitely hold most people over. I am really NOT IMPRESSED by any flagship this year by any company. And not for the asking price they ask when we all know the big changes for Samsung and Apple comes next year. Just wait until MWC arrives next March.
Jwick, 24 Sep 2016In all honesty I am disappointed with Samsung. I switched grim my LG G3 when the Note first ca... moreWell the g3 was the last good phone lg produced. Still, you can't do with it what you can with the note 7. Not even close.; Well the g3 was the last good phone lg produced. Still, you can't do with it what you can with the note 7. Not even close.
Janettuff91, 27 Sep 2016I bought the Note 7 from Samsung.com. I will NEVER do that again. Now, I have a phone that i... moreJust find one of the die-hard fans of Samsung note 7 in this opinion room, and sell it to him/her. They don't mind as long as it is android and it is made by Sammy, they'll buy it from you. Have a good luck finding a buyer.; Just find one of the die-hard fans of Samsung note 7 in this opinion room, and sell it to him/her. They don't mind as long as it is android and it is made by Sammy, they'll buy it from you. Have a good luck finding a buyer.
Janettuff91, 27 Sep 2016I bought the Note 7 from Samsung.com. I will NEVER do that again. Now, I have a phone that i... moreGo directly ti Samsung Store. Phone call not gonna works with all the busy fiasco going on. They are busy enough facing customer in real life and you seriously think a mere phone call gonna cut it? First come, first serve. Phone call; don't give a f***. Actually you could also replaced it with older Samsung flagship. Not neccessarily replace your Note7 with a Note7. If they say they cant give you refund or other flagship model, they are simply too lazy to go through the procedure of doing it.; Go directly ti Samsung Store. Phone call not gonna works with all the busy fiasco going on. They are busy enough facing customer in real life and you seriously think a mere phone call gonna cut it? First come, first serve. Phone call; don't give a f***. Actually you could also replaced it with older Samsung flagship. Not neccessarily replace your Note7 with a Note7. If they say they cant give you refund or other flagship model, they are simply too lazy to go through the procedure of doing it.
I bought the Note 7 from Samsung.com. I will NEVER do that again. Now, I have a phone that is a piece of crap in my desk at work, because my husband won't let me bring it home, and I can't get them to refund my money! I paid almost $1000.00 for this stupid phone! I have called Samsung about 30 times and I keep getting passed around and put on never-ending hold where no one ever picks up. I am so upset. I just want my money back!; I bought the Note 7 from Samsung.com. I will NEVER do that again. Now, I have a phone that is a piece of crap in my desk at work, because my husband won't let me bring it home, and I can't get them to refund my money! I paid almost $1000.00 for this stupid phone! I have called Samsung about 30 times and I keep getting passed around and put on never-ending hold where no one ever picks up. I am so upset. I just want my money back!
radcloser, 27 Sep 2016I purchased the Note 7 when it was released. I had it for 2 days before I heard of the battery... morereally bad experience.... but it was supposed to be the best phone after the replacement...Samsung will hate number 7 after they skipped Note 6 :S its the number 7 shame!; really bad experience.... but it was supposed to be the best phone after the replacement...Samsung will hate number 7 after they skipped Note 6 :S its the number 7 shame!
radcloser, 27 Sep 2016I purchased the Note 7 when it was released. I had it for 2 days before I heard of the battery... moreGood decision.; Good decision.
I purchased the Note 7 when it was released. I had it for 2 days before I heard of the battery issue. I immediately returned the phone to VZW. 3 days ago I picked up a another Note 7 that was part of the new release. I am honestly not as impressed as I was hoping. I've had issues with battery performance and occasional laggy response. I am under impressed especially considering the premium price tag on this phone. I do however love the screen and size of the phone. I like the edge menus. But as with all Android phones there are constant issues with apps running in the background and poor memory management. I carry two phones. The other is an iPhone 6S Plus which always runs smooth as silk. But Apple is behind times with their screen resolution. Until Android resolves their memory management issues I will stick with the iPhone. I am returning this 2nd Note 7.; I purchased the Note 7 when it was released. I had it for 2 days before I heard of the battery issue. I immediately returned the phone to VZW. 3 days ago I picked up a another Note 7 that was part of the new release. I am honestly not as impressed as I was hoping. I've had issues with battery performance and occasional laggy response. I am under impressed especially considering the premium price tag on this phone. I do however love the screen and size of the phone. I like the edge menus. But as with all Android phones there are constant issues with apps running in the background and poor memory management. I carry two phones. The other is an iPhone 6S Plus which always runs smooth as silk. But Apple is behind times with their screen resolution. Until Android resolves their memory management issues I will stick with the iPhone. I am returning this 2nd Note 7.
solo, 27 Sep 2016did u forget the battery leak?Battery leak???....enlighten me..; Battery leak???....enlighten me..
Jeffpadua, 26 Sep 2016i will still buy the new Note7 whatever the news says..Yeah,no matter what,we will go for the awesome device...; Yeah,no matter what,we will go for the awesome device...
[deleted post]Did you get a replaced one ??!; Did you get a replaced one ??!
Another problem facing the replaced note 7...... is that true???
 http://www.gsmarena.com/replaced_note7_units_fou­nd_to_overheat_and_lose_power_quickly-news-20706­.php; Another problem facing the replaced note 7...... is that true???
Bunyip22, 27 Sep 2016Sorry, where you saying the iPhone doesn't explode? http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/08... moreI read the post in the link u shared and it didnt say Iphone 7plus or even 6s.....it read Iphone 6!!!.....and even with that, this is the first time hearing of it; I read the post in the link u shared and it didnt say Iphone 7plus or even 6s.....it read Iphone 6!!!.....and even with that, this is the first time hearing of it
LUis, 26 Sep 2016I'd rather buy the more expensive Iphone 7plus to use for a two year period without issues rat... moredid u forget the battery leak?; did u forget the battery leak?
[deleted post]So useless news without temperature metrics...; So useless news without temperature metrics...
I will get this note 7 now I considering it safe to use for sure compare before any happen you know why ? here the answer for you samsung are aware this cases and their company fully out force to determine this problem and having a history changing all it failure batteries issue which is mean their are double triple checking test note 7 device for any inch possible is repeat again explosion to solve immediately which mean note 7 phone are safe to use i gonna sign up new plan for my new note 7 very soon i tell you guys right now here and you are one of the witness's to see how I happy to get this note 7 ^_^; I will get this note 7 now I considering it safe to use for sure compare before any happen you know why ? here the answer for you samsung are aware this cases and their company fully out force to determine this problem and having a history changing all it failure batteries issue which is mean their are double triple checking test note 7 device for any inch possible is repeat again explosion to solve immediately which mean note 7 phone are safe to use i gonna sign up new plan for my new note 7 very soon i tell you guys right now here and you are one of the witness's to see how I happy to get this note 7 ^_^
now samsung note 7 are fully aware for batteries explosion and now samsung campany full force out for war tobe double triple checking carefully and full test for new batteries safety issues no more explosion or over heating cases an guy now I gonna get this new note 7 very soon or sign up with plan; now samsung note 7 are fully aware for batteries explosion and now samsung campany full force out for war tobe double triple checking carefully and full test for new batteries safety issues no more explosion or over heating cases an guy now I gonna get this new note 7 very soon or sign up with plan
Jeffpadua, 26 Sep 2016i will still buy the new Note7 whatever the news says..So do I; So do I
LUis, 26 Sep 2016I'd rather buy the more expensive Iphone 7plus to use for a two year period without issues rat... moreSorry, where you saying the iPhone doesn't explode?
 
 http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/08/02/explo­ding-iphone-leaves-man-with-third-degree-burns/; Sorry, where you saying the iPhone doesn't explode?
beingandroid, 26 Sep 2016Note 7 replacement overheating and battery drainingIsolated events. Not unheard of from just about any oem in the market.; Isolated events. Not unheard of from just about any oem in the market.
when will the second version of note 7 be released in lebanon any idea ??; when will the second version of note 7 be released in lebanon any idea ??
While "overheating" claims can't seem to produce any metric as to how many degrees EXACTLY, and only the reports from Korea, I remain pretty sceptical. Shame on those reports as they don't provide facts to the temperature. 
 
 Meanwhile, I'm enjoying the sketching function of my Note7...
 
 http://flic.kr/p/LFdCiL 
 
 4 more days till my replacement.; While "overheating" claims can't seem to produce any metric as to how many degrees EXACTLY, and only the reports from Korea, I remain pretty sceptical. Shame on those reports as they don't provide facts to the temperature.; Meanwhile, I'm enjoying the sketching function of my Note7...; 4 more days till my replacement.
beingandroid, 26 Sep 2016http://thenextweb.com/mobile/2016/09/26/samsung-galaxy-note-7-replacements-in-south-korea-are-... moreNote 7 replacement overheating and battery draining; Note 7 replacement overheating and battery draining
http://thenextweb.com/mobile/2016/09/26/samsung-­galaxy-note-7-replacements-in-south-korea-are-re­portedly-overheating/#gref
I'd rather buy the more expensive Iphone 7plus to use for a two year period without issues rather than getting a SGs7 or SGN7 considering the reported explosions, over heating and lagging over a short period with both SGs....dont get me wrong, i love android and if it gets more reliable in terms of long term speed and heating...i'd gladly switch baq without hesitation..; I'd rather buy the more expensive Iphone 7plus to use for a two year period without issues rather than getting a SGs7 or SGN7 considering the reported explosions, over heating and lagging over a short period with both SGs....dont get me wrong, i love android and if it gets more reliable in terms of long term speed and heating...i'd gladly switch baq without hesitation..
It's good, now NOTE 7 will definitely dominate the market as new Avatar.; It's good, now NOTE 7 will definitely dominate the market as new Avatar.
This device is very good in specs but they need to make it "open" as the heat and the chemistry of the batteries can't work together.; This device is very good in specs but they need to make it "open" as the heat and the chemistry of the batteries can't work together.
Jeffpadua, 26 Sep 2016i will still buy the new Note7 whatever the news says..it looks like a war from apple to increase it's sales for iphone 7 variants; it looks like a war from apple to increase it's sales for iphone 7 variants
zacmike, 26 Sep 20165 days now since my note 7 have been recalled. and samsung malaysia gave me galaxy A5 2016 as ... moreHi Dave,
 
 We are very sorry to here about your issues with Samsung and truly WE ARE all the victims now.
 
 Harambe in peace.
 
 Paul; Hi Dave,; We are very sorry to here about your issues with Samsung and truly WE ARE all the victims now.; Harambe in peace.; Paul
i will still buy the new Note7 whatever the news says..; i will still buy the new Note7 whatever the news says..
Equinox Hydroid, 26 Sep 2016The phones already replaced with safe versions Whats your problem now??! S7 edge also ha... moreThe overheating and battery drain problem. Though I dont believe in rumors. The news article about Note7 probably outnumbered the number of Samsung phone ever released this year. Too much. *sigh; The overheating and battery drain problem. Though I dont believe in rumors. The news article about Note7 probably outnumbered the number of Samsung phone ever released this year. Too much. *sigh
Think carefully before you judge to gossip or news. What ever they will say I will wait for the new version release. 
 
 Sorry guys I feel much more confidence with the new handset of Note 7.; Think carefully before you judge to gossip or news. What ever they will say I will wait for the new version release.; Sorry guys I feel much more confidence with the new handset of Note 7.
I truly believe Galaxy Note 7 is the great phone for 2017 however this is not just create and sell. It is a business war so each of them must play the best role as contender in the market.; I truly believe Galaxy Note 7 is the great phone for 2017 however this is not just create and sell. It is a business war so each of them must play the best role as contender in the market.
[deleted post]The phones already replaced with safe versions
 Whats your problem now??!
 
 
 S7 edge also had some exploding cases but there was no focus on S7 cases also with the iphones; The phones already replaced with safe versions; Whats your problem now??!; S7 edge also had some exploding cases but there was no focus on S7 cases also with the iphones
I've been searching for that temperature people are claiming as as "overheating"... nothing on the exact "overheating".
 
 Here's an actual temperature screenshot of a normal wired charging of the Note7 a few weeks ago...
 
 http://flic.kr/p/Mub4Et 
 
 It can go 41° Celsius with downloading or gaming. What more with the silly fast charging or wireless charging.
 
 I'd like to see some metrics from these claims of "overheating". I'd like for them to show something above 45°C.
 
 And oh, the Note7 can also just go relatively cool at 35°C while charging.
 http://flic.kr/p/LEbRMj 
 
 5 more days till I get my replacement. We have two trolls here trying their utmost for some attention to their Note.5.; I've been searching for that temperature people are claiming as as "overheating"... nothing on the exact "overheating".; Here's an actual temperature screenshot of a normal wired charging of the Note7 a few weeks ago...; It can go 41° Celsius with downloading or gaming. What more with the silly fast charging or wireless charging.; I'd like to see some metrics from these claims of "overheating". I'd like for them to show something above 45°C.; And oh, the Note7 can also just go relatively cool at 35°C while charging.; 5 more days till I get my replacement. We have two trolls here trying their utmost for some attention to their Note.5.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 25 Sep 20166 days before my region's official exchange program begins. There's just one report of an expl... moreWe are not interested.; We are not interested.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 26 Sep 2016Heehee, certain people are quick to say something about overheating without even first-hand ac... moreJust be sure it is not a BIAS opinion.; Just be sure it is not a BIAS opinion.
i'm still buying note 7; i'm still buying note 7
Life is indeed truly ironic, that this issue of the battery had to happen, because the Galaxy Note7 is absolutely an amazing global flagship phone (Phablet) & it deserves all the respect, because it is really fantastic; Life is indeed truly ironic, that this issue of the battery had to happen, because the Galaxy Note7 is absolutely an amazing global flagship phone (Phablet) & it deserves all the respect, because it is really fantastic
Heehee, certain people are quick to say something about overheating without even first-hand account. Charging any smartphone can get the temperature up by 40 degrees Celsius at the peak. Even more if you are using it with a heavy load at the same time.
 
 No reports of what temperature it was "overheating", or "losing power quickly" cold be the initial result during the reboot and installing stage - we all know it takes tremendous amount of power setting up your device for the first time. 5 more days till I get my replacement, and will gladly give an honest report on the matter.
 
 The reports seem to be just originating from Korea, and it might just be the negative marketing propaganda of their competitors. If they are. We never heard of these issues when Samsung started selling the ones in China with the safe batteries.; Heehee, certain people are quick to say something about overheating without even first-hand account. Charging any smartphone can get the temperature up by 40 degrees Celsius at the peak. Even more if you are using it with a heavy load at the same time.; No reports of what temperature it was "overheating", or "losing power quickly" cold be the initial result during the reboot and installing stage - we all know it takes tremendous amount of power setting up your device for the first time. 5 more days till I get my replacement, and will gladly give an honest report on the matter.; The reports seem to be just originating from Korea, and it might just be the negative marketing propaganda of their competitors. If they are. We never heard of these issues when Samsung started selling the ones in China with the safe batteries.
[deleted post]my first Note 7 and the replacement unit both have no issue of overheating. even while charging and at the same time with playing video , there is no overheating.; my first Note 7 and the replacement unit both have no issue of overheating. even while charging and at the same time with playing video , there is no overheating.
am a fan of Samsung note
 using note 4 right now
 want to upgrade to a note 7
 please I want to know how safe it is & when it will be available in Nigeria? 
 again I will really appreciate if someone could give me the actual difference between the camera of s6 edge plus & note 7
 thanks; am a fan of Samsung note; using note 4 right now; want to upgrade to a note 7; please I want to know how safe it is & when it will be available in Nigeria?; again I will really appreciate if someone could give me the actual difference between the camera of s6 edge plus & note 7; thanks
I am still waiting for note 7 guys; I am still waiting for note 7 guys
Perez5k, 26 Sep 2016Really?Not sure about that, as there are no website talking about such problems (except some battery leaks and charging problems in Korea, but none of these problems were reported on Galaxy Note 7s in Canada or the US.; Not sure about that, as there are no website talking about such problems (except some battery leaks and charging problems in Korea, but none of these problems were reported on Galaxy Note 7s in Canada or the US.
5 days now since my note 7 have been recalled. and samsung malaysia gave me galaxy A5 2016 as a loan phone. need to wait until 29th sept. i hope soooo.. 
 
 my opinion is, i am might be not affected by exploding thing from samsung. as my phone never showing any sign to have battery defects. my phone not even warming when using while charging using third party charger. but the story of me to begin annoying with samsung is when they forced people to return their phones for exchanged. and the worst is people need to wait another years to get the new safe one. this is to show how desperate they are to released this phone before making a proper test of it. this also to show how they want to be always number one in the world. they produce to much phone everyday. as u can see they used poor quality things inside their devices. 
 
 before get it i'd waiting for couple of weeks. then when get it, i need to pay an extra buck because i am not a preorder one. and after get it, i need to return it and wait for couple of weeks again??? yesss... i know samsung is concern about their customers safety and LIFE. but you should concern about that before you even released that things and make a proper test first??? samsung you really one to be number one right?? and now recalled all the note7 devices all over the world without knowing which are defected units except for china. this means china made one are better than yours? 
 
 here are my experienced with samsung. I begin to used samsung devices since i8910 omnia hd. then every years all my phone are samsung. all galaxy series and note series i have been used for a past years. btw i also using other devices which is apple starting from iphone 4 until now iphone 6s. thats mean i'am using samsung and apple for my daily life. 
 
 yes.. i admit that smsung has improved their device technology every year. with new kind of tech that others hard to catch. this is why samsung become famous. but samsung really made their device using less quality things. the most common issue i had with samsung is overheating, poor speaker quality, lagging software even note 7 has a lagging software too. I also hated apple for restricted their phone that user cannot doing anything to their phones unless they jailbroken it. but i still using apple product because of it simplicity, and the most important is the smoothnes of their user interfaces. and their quality too... gsmarena stated that iphone 6s scored below average loudspeaker quality, but when i faced - to - faced it with note 7, its clearly iphone sound more crisp and you can even hear a bass sound from its speaker. 
 
 now using galaxy a5 2016.. on the paper its like a beast... but using it.. its the worst. design is beauty. inside are nightmare. phone lagging like hell. and phone overheating tooo.. this u called 2016 devices? i think lenovo is more speedier than this. this remind me back years ago when my note 2 suddenly become very hot until u can see a light smoke coming out. luckily note2 has a removable battery when I quickly removed it. it happen to me twice before i changed it to galaxy s3. if u want to use samsung devices and getting rid of lagging thing please use third party launchers like NOVA launcher my favorite one. touchwiz is the worst launcher in the world. 
 
 now back to where I start annoying with samsung. Its the recall thing. they should prepare the safe one on the spot exchange to customers to avoid waiting. but that is not happen because of greediness of them. the victim of this scenario is not only the people who are facing the exploding and burning. we all the note 7 user too are the victims now. we cant use our expensive 'time bombs' for a very while now. and still waiting with hope. 
 
 serve you right SAMSUNG. u are to greedy. to desperate to be number #1. now we know u made your devices using poor quality materials.. I lost my faith to you samsung. Note7 might be my last devices from you. I lost my faith not because the exploding things. it is because of i am really annoying with this recalled thing and all this time your software support are very poor. 
 
 hurm.. i will missing S-pen.. i hope other brands espcially apple will make phone with wacom pen digitizer or whatever they called it. 
 
 see i am not samsung haters or apple fan. i loved both and using both since a years. and like other brands too.. not specific. this is only my opinion. my experienced. samsung really ruined my trust.....
 
 sorry bad english; 5 days now since my note 7 have been recalled. and samsung malaysia gave me galaxy A5 2016 as a loan phone. need to wait until 29th sept. i hope soooo..; my opinion is, i am might be not affected by exploding thing from samsung. as my phone never showing any sign to have battery defects. my phone not even warming when using while charging using third party charger. but the story of me to begin annoying with samsung is when they forced people to return their phones for exchanged. and the worst is people need to wait another years to get the new safe one. this is to show how desperate they are to released this phone before making a proper test of it. this also to show how they want to be always number one in the world. they produce to much phone everyday. as u can see they used poor quality things inside their devices.; before get it i'd waiting for couple of weeks. then when get it, i need to pay an extra buck because i am not a preorder one. and after get it, i need to return it and wait for couple of weeks again??? yesss... i know samsung is concern about their customers safety and LIFE. but you should concern about that before you even released that things and make a proper test first??? samsung you really one to be number one right?? and now recalled all the note7 devices all over the world without knowing which are defected units except for china. this means china made one are better than yours?; here are my experienced with samsung. I begin to used samsung devices since i8910 omnia hd. then every years all my phone are samsung. all galaxy series and note series i have been used for a past years. btw i also using other devices which is apple starting from iphone 4 until now iphone 6s. thats mean i'am using samsung and apple for my daily life.; yes.. i admit that smsung has improved their device technology every year. with new kind of tech that others hard to catch. this is why samsung become famous. but samsung really made their device using less quality things. the most common issue i had with samsung is overheating, poor speaker quality, lagging software even note 7 has a lagging software too. I also hated apple for restricted their phone that user cannot doing anything to their phones unless they jailbroken it. but i still using apple product because of it simplicity, and the most important is the smoothnes of their user interfaces. and their quality too... gsmarena stated that iphone 6s scored below average loudspeaker quality, but when i faced - to - faced it with note 7, its clearly iphone sound more crisp and you can even hear a bass sound from its speaker.; now using galaxy a5 2016.. on the paper its like a beast... but using it.. its the worst. design is beauty. inside are nightmare. phone lagging like hell. and phone overheating tooo.. this u called 2016 devices? i think lenovo is more speedier than this. this remind me back years ago when my note 2 suddenly become very hot until u can see a light smoke coming out. luckily note2 has a removable battery when I quickly removed it. it happen to me twice before i changed it to galaxy s3. if u want to use samsung devices and getting rid of lagging thing please use third party launchers like NOVA launcher my favorite one. touchwiz is the worst launcher in the world.; now back to where I start annoying with samsung. Its the recall thing. they should prepare the safe one on the spot exchange to customers to avoid waiting. but that is not happen because of greediness of them. the victim of this scenario is not only the people who are facing the exploding and burning. we all the note 7 user too are the victims now. we cant use our expensive 'time bombs' for a very while now. and still waiting with hope.; serve you right SAMSUNG. u are to greedy. to desperate to be number #1. now we know u made your devices using poor quality materials.. I lost my faith to you samsung. Note7 might be my last devices from you. I lost my faith not because the exploding things. it is because of i am really annoying with this recalled thing and all this time your software support are very poor.; hurm.. i will missing S-pen.. i hope other brands espcially apple will make phone with wacom pen digitizer or whatever they called it.; see i am not samsung haters or apple fan. i loved both and using both since a years. and like other brands too.. not specific. this is only my opinion. my experienced. samsung really ruined my trust.....; sorry bad english
Anonymous, 24 Sep 2016New, Safe Galaxy Note 7 Units Are Overheating While Charging The flagship Galaxy Note 7 could ... moreReally?; Really?
I'm still buying Note7; I'm still buying Note7
ProJames, 25 Sep 2016I am one of the defender of the Note 7 so I know that the battery issue is very minor. This is... morei agree with you bro; i agree with you bro
Equinox Hydroid, 25 Sep 2016Any body got the safe version yet?Canada and the US began receiving safe versions.; Canada and the US began receiving safe versions.
Bunyip22, 25 Sep 2016The risk on the old GN7 was tiny (probably 1 in 40 or 50k). Any battery can explode.. especia... moreI am one of the defender of the Note 7 so I know that the battery issue is very minor. This is one of the best 2016 smartphone, and one of the best of Samsung yet. It has it all: Camera, MicroSD slot, USB-C, QHD SuperAMOLED display, Android 6.0.1 with Nougat coming soon, design, new S-Pen, TouchWiz enhancements (altrough sometimes there are problems and lost of features with it like using an SD card as internal storage extension), powerful SoC in both variants, iris scanner... Only complain here is the non-removable battery.; I am one of the defender of the Note 7 so I know that the battery issue is very minor. This is one of the best 2016 smartphone, and one of the best of Samsung yet. It has it all: Camera, MicroSD slot, USB-C, QHD SuperAMOLED display, Android 6.0.1 with Nougat coming soon, design, new S-Pen, TouchWiz enhancements (altrough sometimes there are problems and lost of features with it like using an SD card as internal storage extension), powerful SoC in both variants, iris scanner... Only complain here is the non-removable battery.
Savor, 24 Sep 2016Best Smartphone 2010 - Apple iPhone 4 2011 - Apple iPhone 4s 2012 - Apple iPhone 5 2013 ... moreThis!; This!
6 days before my region's official exchange program begins. There's just one report of an exploding Note7, and it was faked.
 
 Anyway, I've been sketching again with it after the OTA update. The S Pen has been wonderfully accurate and responsive when I need details. I discovered that the pro version of Sketchbook has some advanced oil painting simulations close to the real thing. I can blend colors easily.
 
 The Note7 isn't created to match desktop digital illustration yet, with the limited pixel size per drawing.
 
 Have a look at a sketch I did within the fittest week when I got the Note7:
 http://flic.kr/p/e35qpJ; 6 days before my region's official exchange program begins. There's just one report of an exploding Note7, and it was faked.; Anyway, I've been sketching again with it after the OTA update. The S Pen has been wonderfully accurate and responsive when I need details. I discovered that the pro version of Sketchbook has some advanced oil painting simulations close to the real thing. I can blend colors easily.; The Note7 isn't created to match desktop digital illustration yet, with the limited pixel size per drawing.; Have a look at a sketch I did within the fittest week when I got the Note7:
ProJames, 25 Sep 2016I hope you realize you want to compare a mid-end device with a super premium device and that t... moreThe risk on the old GN7 was tiny (probably 1 in 40 or 50k).
 Any battery can explode.. especially if you don't use proper chargers.
 
 The risk with the new Note 7 is that tiny its not worth worrying about... there is more risk getting out of bed and driving your car.
 
 My new Note 7 should be here in 5 days... Samsung has said we can keep the headphones and chargers from the old device we return... bonus :-); The risk on the old GN7 was tiny (probably 1 in 40 or 50k).; Any battery can explode.. especially if you don't use proper chargers.; The risk with the new Note 7 is that tiny its not worth worrying about... there is more risk getting out of bed and driving your car.; My new Note 7 should be here in 5 days... Samsung has said we can keep the headphones and chargers from the old device we return... bonus :-)
Any body got the safe version yet?; Any body got the safe version yet?
I am retiring my S4 and planning to replace it with the new and improved version of Note 7 coming this October. But honestly, I am scared. I'm thinking of settling with an S7 Edge instead but I really like having an S pen. Can you all gadget experts tell me if I could trust Samsung again? Exploding batteries is a serious matter, not to mention a hassle in airport security procedures. Thank you.; I am retiring my S4 and planning to replace it with the new and improved version of Note 7 coming this October. But honestly, I am scared. I'm thinking of settling with an S7 Edge instead but I really like having an S pen. Can you all gadget experts tell me if I could trust Samsung again? Exploding batteries is a serious matter, not to mention a hassle in airport security procedures. Thank you.
Rtan , 24 Sep 2016How is this phone compare to the Lenovo p2 ..? Check it out and the price. I hope you realize you want to compare a mid-end device with a super premium device and that this is not possible. Compare the P2 with the G4+, compare the Note 7 with the V20.; I hope you realize you want to compare a mid-end device with a super premium device and that this is not possible. Compare the P2 with the G4+, compare the Note 7 with the V20.
Savor, 24 Sep 2016Best Smartphone 2010 - Apple iPhone 4 2011 - Apple iPhone 4s 2012 - Apple iPhone 5 2013 ... moreiPhone 4 had that antenna issue in 2010. I thought the S2 was more impressive. It had no LTE. 
 
 2011 was the first time I bothered getting a real smartphone - the Galaxy Note, because of the S Pen. It was the first to have split-screen functionality, has the biggest screen after the Dell Streak.
 
 8 months later, the Note II, which I was able to produce better drawings because the S Pen had level of pressure sensitivity went up from 256 to 1024. I was able to produce this: http://flic.kr/p/e35qpJ 
 
 Another 12 months later, in late 2013, it was the Note 3, with the S Pen's same level of pressure sensitivity stuck at 1024. It had the infrared remote control function. It had LTE.
 
 Note 4 in 2014 was impressive, a refinement, and the S Pen had 2048 levels of pressure sensitivity. It wasn't enough to nudge me to get it.
 
 Note.5 was a big disappointment with no memory expansion, 32 GB version was the only option in countries like mine. I was planning to get it, however the memory expansion was a big is big issue. Even taking out past features and putting glass at the back was counter-innovative.
 
 Fast-forward Note7, this was what the Note.5 should have been at least, and I would have gotten it. The Note 3's slower focus was getting to me, especially trying to record my toddler son's moments. And the fact the S Pen's level of pressure sensitivity was quadruple from the Note 3's.
 
 Note is a keeper. I'm getting my replacement by next week, and I would not have to keep worrying with the chance of 1 out of 42,000 chance of it exploding DURING charging.; iPhone 4 had that antenna issue in 2010. I thought the S2 was more impressive. It had no LTE.; 2011 was the first time I bothered getting a real smartphone - the Galaxy Note, because of the S Pen. It was the first to have split-screen functionality, has the biggest screen after the Dell Streak.; 8 months later, the Note II, which I was able to produce better drawings because the S Pen had level of pressure sensitivity went up from 256 to 1024. I was able to produce this:; Another 12 months later, in late 2013, it was the Note 3, with the S Pen's same level of pressure sensitivity stuck at 1024. It had the infrared remote control function. It had LTE.; Note 4 in 2014 was impressive, a refinement, and the S Pen had 2048 levels of pressure sensitivity. It wasn't enough to nudge me to get it.; Note.5 was a big disappointment with no memory expansion, 32 GB version was the only option in countries like mine. I was planning to get it, however the memory expansion was a big is big issue. Even taking out past features and putting glass at the back was counter-innovative.; Fast-forward Note7, this was what the Note.5 should have been at least, and I would have gotten it. The Note 3's slower focus was getting to me, especially trying to record my toddler son's moments. And the fact the S Pen's level of pressure sensitivity was quadruple from the Note 3's.; Note is a keeper. I'm getting my replacement by next week, and I would not have to keep worrying with the chance of 1 out of 42,000 chance of it exploding DURING charging.
Give it time. The Note7 will get more appreciated and beloved as time goes on while phones like the iPhone 7/7 Plus won't age as gracefully for having inferior design, display, battery life, and cameras to the bad misconception of the "exploding" Note7 which doesn't deserve its bad reputation. 
 
 As time goes by, Note7 will be appreciated. Apple fans can continue on their smear campaign. The smarter folks will realize in a few years the Note7 was always the better phone. Once the smoke clears, Note7 > iPhone 7 Plus. You know it is true but some people are in denial right now. Apple is rehashing the same resolution and design for years...
 
 Note7 will age like fine wine. Every iPhone with incremental updates will age like spoiled milk while every future iOS update will slow it down. Apple does planned obsolescence better than Samsung.; Give it time. The Note7 will get more appreciated and beloved as time goes on while phones like the iPhone 7/7 Plus won't age as gracefully for having inferior design, display, battery life, and cameras to the bad misconception of the "exploding" Note7 which doesn't deserve its bad reputation.; As time goes by, Note7 will be appreciated. Apple fans can continue on their smear campaign. The smarter folks will realize in a few years the Note7 was always the better phone. Once the smoke clears, Note7 > iPhone 7 Plus. You know it is true but some people are in denial right now. Apple is rehashing the same resolution and design for years...; Note7 will age like fine wine. Every iPhone with incremental updates will age like spoiled milk while every future iOS update will slow it down. Apple does planned obsolescence better than Samsung.
Best Smartphone 
 2010 - Apple iPhone 4
 2011 - Apple iPhone 4s
 2012 - Apple iPhone 5 
 2013 - Samsung Galaxy Note 3
 2014 - Samsung Galaxy Note 4
 2015 - Samsung Galaxy S6 edge
 2016 - Samsung Galaxy Note7 
 
 Android was not mature enough yet until the post-Ice Cream Sandwich era. Each year could be arguable but this is asking which phone aged the best and the one you can go back to and feel comfortable using now for 2016?
 
 I remember HTC One M7 was a standout in early 2013. Issues galore with purple photos and battery life was average to awful. Took 3.5 hours to charge. Looking back, Note 3 was the all-around better phone besting Nexus 5 and LG G2 because it had microSD slot and removable battery. For longtime Note users, the Note 3 is still a personal favorite. 
 
 Samd thing happened in 2014. HTC One M8 and OnePlus One were standouts. S5 was maligned for bad design. The iPhone 6/6 Plus only had 1gb RAM. Why would anyone go back to an iPhone 6 when the Note 4 had 3gb, QHD, microSD slot, and the last Note with removable battery? At the end, Note 4 stood out ahead of its class besting the awful battery life from the LG G3. 
 
 Last year, you can make a case S6 edge stood out the best although its main Achilles was battery life. It changed the game for Samsung for better and for worse in design shedding its ugly design label. But Note5 losing both removable battery and microSD slot made it one of the worst Note entries ever. 
 
 This year, Note7 regains microSD slot. Gains dual edges from the S6 era and water-resistance from the S5 era. 
 
 Let's compare Note7 vs S7 edge. 
 
 Design - Push (look nearly alike) 
 Display - Note7 (slightly) 
 Camera - Note7 (slightly) 
 Battery Life - S7 edge (slightly) 
 
 Forget the recall. LG boot loops are far more common than exploding Note7s. The only advantage S7 edge has is GG4 doesn't scratch as easily and slightly better battery life. It is proven on this site Note7 has the slightly better camera than its S7 sibling. Not to mention all the S-Pen features. Samsung is a true OEM. The only brand that can build a phone completely in-house. Samsung builds skyscrapers and tanks. Don't underestimate that Samsung only makes phones and TVs. All these Chinese makers only offer phones cheaper because they copy others and save money on R&D. You can try to save money but you get what you pay. You want the best? You pay top dollar for it. 
 
 Don't waste your time on other alternative brands like I did because you hate Samsung. Only their software is an advantage but lose consistently in hardware to Samsungs. It is arguable that Samsung has usually made the best smartphone of the year during the past half decade with the best camera or all-around features and it is typically a Note phone. In 3-5 years from now, you will look back at 2016 and say Note7 was the best for its year. An iPhone 7 Plus, LG V20, Google Pixel XL, HTC 10, ZTE Axon 7, Xiaomi Mi 5, and OnePlus 3 are all fighting for 3rd place. 
 
 Design
 Display 
 Cameras
 Battery Life 
 
 ^ Samsung generally is best in class in all those or near the top. 
 
 Best of 2016 
 1. Note7 
 2. S7 edge
 3. [insert your favorite non-Samsung flagship here]; Best Smartphone; 2010 - Apple iPhone 4; 2011 - Apple iPhone 4s; 2012 - Apple iPhone 5; 2013 - Samsung Galaxy Note 3; 2014 - Samsung Galaxy Note 4; 2015 - Samsung Galaxy S6 edge; 2016 - Samsung Galaxy Note7; Android was not mature enough yet until the post-Ice Cream Sandwich era. Each year could be arguable but this is asking which phone aged the best and the one you can go back to and feel comfortable using now for 2016?; I remember HTC One M7 was a standout in early 2013. Issues galore with purple photos and battery life was average to awful. Took 3.5 hours to charge. Looking back, Note 3 was the all-around better phone besting Nexus 5 and LG G2 because it had microSD slot and removable battery. For longtime Note users, the Note 3 is still a personal favorite.; Samd thing happened in 2014. HTC One M8 and OnePlus One were standouts. S5 was maligned for bad design. The iPhone 6/6 Plus only had 1gb RAM. Why would anyone go back to an iPhone 6 when the Note 4 had 3gb, QHD, microSD slot, and the last Note with removable battery? At the end, Note 4 stood out ahead of its class besting the awful battery life from the LG G3.; Last year, you can make a case S6 edge stood out the best although its main Achilles was battery life. It changed the game for Samsung for better and for worse in design shedding its ugly design label. But Note5 losing both removable battery and microSD slot made it one of the worst Note entries ever.; This year, Note7 regains microSD slot. Gains dual edges from the S6 era and water-resistance from the S5 era.; Let's compare Note7 vs S7 edge.; Design - Push (look nearly alike); Display - Note7 (slightly); Camera - Note7 (slightly); Battery Life - S7 edge (slightly); Forget the recall. LG boot loops are far more common than exploding Note7s. The only advantage S7 edge has is GG4 doesn't scratch as easily and slightly better battery life. It is proven on this site Note7 has the slightly better camera than its S7 sibling. Not to mention all the S-Pen features. Samsung is a true OEM. The only brand that can build a phone completely in-house. Samsung builds skyscrapers and tanks. Don't underestimate that Samsung only makes phones and TVs. All these Chinese makers only offer phones cheaper because they copy others and save money on R&D. You can try to save money but you get what you pay. You want the best? You pay top dollar for it.; Don't waste your time on other alternative brands like I did because you hate Samsung. Only their software is an advantage but lose consistently in hardware to Samsungs. It is arguable that Samsung has usually made the best smartphone of the year during the past half decade with the best camera or all-around features and it is typically a Note phone. In 3-5 years from now, you will look back at 2016 and say Note7 was the best for its year. An iPhone 7 Plus, LG V20, Google Pixel XL, HTC 10, ZTE Axon 7, Xiaomi Mi 5, and OnePlus 3 are all fighting for 3rd place.; Design; Display; Cameras; Battery Life; ^ Samsung generally is best in class in all those or near the top.; Best of 2016; 1. Note7; 2. S7 edge; 3. [insert your favorite non-Samsung flagship here]
Ahmadouds, 24 Sep 2016Please the V20 has 2X optical zoom and wide angel and a 3 types of focus and a 16 MP sensor an... morePlease check the review studio photos of the v20 in good and bad light... The GN7 thumps it. 
 
 Please check the V20 battery life... Very very poor.; Please check the review studio photos of the v20 in good and bad light... The GN7 thumps it.; Please check the V20 battery life... Very very poor.
Just checked the V20 review. 
 What do you know... The GN7 12MP thumps the V20 16MP in both good and low light studio photos... A certain 2 people are very quiet atm.... 
 
 Oh... And LG has come up with another very poor battery life score. GN7 ftw.; Just checked the V20 review.; What do you know... The GN7 12MP thumps the V20 16MP in both good and low light studio photos... A certain 2 people are very quiet atm....; Oh... And LG has come up with another very poor battery life score. GN7 ftw.
Anonymous, 24 Sep 2016New, Safe Galaxy Note 7 Units Are Overheating While Charging The flagship Galaxy Note 7 could ... moreThe chance of this was precisely why I didn't get a replacement.; The chance of this was precisely why I didn't get a replacement.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 24 Sep 2016The exploding is a no-issue anymore. Since you don't need the S Pen at all, and you think it'... moreThat's good for you. Personally I liked the large size and also the few times I used the S-pen it was handy but it didn't make or break the phone. As I implied it was handy but in no way a necessity. I liked the phone it was just unnecessary in many areas and very slow in my opinion. I'm glad you like your S-pen and I don't plan to get any Samsung phones in the near future.; That's good for you. Personally I liked the large size and also the few times I used the S-pen it was handy but it didn't make or break the phone. As I implied it was handy but in no way a necessity. I liked the phone it was just unnecessary in many areas and very slow in my opinion. I'm glad you like your S-pen and I don't plan to get any Samsung phones in the near future.
Norel, 24 Sep 2016So far my Note 7 works awesome to date, I'm very satisfied with my Samsung Note 7.I never said it was a bad phone. It was very good in fact. But it was no where near what it should have been. I liked it too but it's sad when it doesn't even have a noticeable speed difference from my 2 year old G3. Regardless of options or the battery-gate; I never said it was a bad phone. It was very good in fact. But it was no where near what it should have been. I liked it too but it's sad when it doesn't even have a noticeable speed difference from my 2 year old G3. Regardless of options or the battery-gate
New, Safe Galaxy Note 7 Units Are Overheating While Charging The flagship Galaxy Note 7 could be the worst handset that Samsung designed, in terms of problems. After having serious issues with battery, which caused the device to catch fire while on charge, the new safe variant seems to have problems of its own.
 Some customers in South Korea who have participated in the exchange program are now reporting that the new phone is overheating and losing battery power as it is being charged. Thankfully there are no reports of explosions, but if the phone is overheating, it is only a matter of time before something like that happens. We are still waiting to see if the issue affects only some phones or all new Galaxy Note 7 units.; New, Safe Galaxy Note 7 Units Are Overheating While Charging The flagship Galaxy Note 7 could be the worst handset that Samsung designed, in terms of problems. After having serious issues with battery, which caused the device to catch fire while on charge, the new safe variant seems to have problems of its own.; Some customers in South Korea who have participated in the exchange program are now reporting that the new phone is overheating and losing battery power as it is being charged. Thankfully there are no reports of explosions, but if the phone is overheating, it is only a matter of time before something like that happens. We are still waiting to see if the issue affects only some phones or all new Galaxy Note 7 units.
There are so many people taking advantage on Galaxy Note7 battery problem. Bashing Galaxy Flagship phones. Saaaad.; There are so many people taking advantage on Galaxy Note7 battery problem. Bashing Galaxy Flagship phones. Saaaad.
Ahmadouds, 24 Sep 2016Please the V20 has 2X optical zoom and wide angel and a 3 types of focus and a 16 MP sensor an... moreYour "sentence" contains 169 words.; Your "sentence" contains 169 words.
Ahmadouds, 24 Sep 2016Please the V20 has 2X optical zoom and wide angel and a 3 types of focus and a 16 MP sensor an... moreIn real time conditions, the Note 7 beats the V20 by camera comparisons. :); In real time conditions, the Note 7 beats the V20 by camera comparisons. :)
Note 7s is going to be released in India in 7th October.
 So,can anyone predict/tell when Note 7s will start to sell in Pakistan?; Note 7s is going to be released in India in 7th October.; So,can anyone predict/tell when Note 7s will start to sell in Pakistan?
Savor , 23 Sep 2016Note7 is the smartphone to beat in 2016. Don't care if the recall hoopla got overblown by Appl... morePlease the V20 has 2X optical zoom and wide angel and a 3 types of focus and a 16 MP sensor and a color spectrum sensor which will beat the note 7 when the real unit comes out and it has android 7.0 the first time you turn it on and it has a removable battery which you can repair for 15 JDs not 100 and a full metal body not a full glass also the note 7 is not scratch resistant it scratches the same level a plastic screen scratch at and the v20 is not a fingerprint magnet unlike the note 7 and the V20 has MIL-STD-810G certified which is as durable as the s7 active and the V20 has dual displays and the V20 has a wide angle front camera not as you said and the audio is so much better on the V20 and the V20 has quick charge 3.0 when the note 7 has 2.0 and the V20 comes with a B&O play headphones; Please the V20 has 2X optical zoom and wide angel and a 3 types of focus and a 16 MP sensor and a color spectrum sensor which will beat the note 7 when the real unit comes out and it has android 7.0 the first time you turn it on and it has a removable battery which you can repair for 15 JDs not 100 and a full metal body not a full glass also the note 7 is not scratch resistant it scratches the same level a plastic screen scratch at and the v20 is not a fingerprint magnet unlike the note 7 and the V20 has MIL-STD-810G certified which is as durable as the s7 active and the V20 has dual displays and the V20 has a wide angle front camera not as you said and the audio is so much better on the V20 and the V20 has quick charge 3.0 when the note 7 has 2.0 and the V20 comes with a B&O play headphones
Jwick, 24 Sep 2016In all honesty I am disappointed with Samsung. I switched grim my LG G3 when the Note first ca... moreSo far my Note 7 works awesome to date, I'm very satisfied with my Samsung Note 7.; So far my Note 7 works awesome to date, I'm very satisfied with my Samsung Note 7.
Jwick, 24 Sep 2016In all honesty I am disappointed with Samsung. I switched grim my LG G3 when the Note first ca... moreThe exploding is a no-issue anymore. Since you don't need the S Pen at all, and you think it's part of the "gimmick" to lure buyers, then you're better off with the S7 Edge. 
 
 I love being you be able to sketch directly onto the screen since 2011. The Note smartphone series is small enough for pockets, and I could sketch anywhere, anytime.
 
 The S Pen in action:
 http://flic.kr/p/MufA91; The exploding is a no-issue anymore. Since you don't need the S Pen at all, and you think it's part of the "gimmick" to lure buyers, then you're better off with the S7 Edge.; I love being you be able to sketch directly onto the screen since 2011. The Note smartphone series is small enough for pockets, and I could sketch anywhere, anytime.; The S Pen in action:
21 October in india; 21 October in india
When they will relaunch note7 in india; When they will relaunch note7 in india
How is this phone compare to the Lenovo p2 ..? Check it out and the price.; How is this phone compare to the Lenovo p2 ..? Check it out and the price.
It happened more than 1 month of submission, and they still have not specified on the page doporta LTE bands. Surely it will be assumed that they are exactly the same as the S7. Moreover it is a shame that exploit their batteries. something snapdragon chips are "dragon", the sd820 sd810 is the same crap for temperature. I happened greed failure of the explosive drums.; It happened more than 1 month of submission, and they still have not specified on the page doporta LTE bands. Surely it will be assumed that they are exactly the same as the S7. Moreover it is a shame that exploit their batteries. something snapdragon chips are "dragon", the sd820 sd810 is the same crap for temperature. I happened greed failure of the explosive drums.
In all honesty I am disappointed with Samsung. I switched grim my LG G3 when the Note first came out. It was a great phone and I truly have to compliment the screen brightness and vivid colors and the battery life was very good/borderline great but left a lot to be desired.
 
 I returned my Note 7 because I wasn't comfortable over the battery issue. I'm not sure I can trust any samsung battery for quite a while. 
 
 The sad part is I reactivated my LG G3 and I have to say for a two year old phone I expected it to feel like it was running extremely slow. It didn't I truly can't tell a noticeable difference between this two year old phone and the brand new Galaxy Note 7, also another sad fact is for a only slightly smaller screen it truly appears to be clearer and sharper. Samsung does crush it in terms of color and brightness though. The Battery life is the only other large improvement. 
 
 In terms of features the large features on the Note were very gimmicky. I never once used the curve screen window, never touched the iris scanner, only rarely used the S pen but I don't use it to draw. It was handy when I did use it though. I did use the fingerprint scanner but it was very finnicky and often didn't work right and I would end up typing in my password anyhow. Also autocorrect never worked like many other people have said. 
 
 All in all it was a very "good" phone. It was by no stretch what it should have been and especially what it was rumored to be initially. I have to say I'm truly disappointed that I didn't even notice a speed difference backtracking to a 2 year old phone. That says something about how horrible Samsung's UI system runs.
 
 This comes from someone who loves Android and has pretty much always used Android. I have to say I'm extremely disappointed with Samsung on the new Note 7 and truly majority of what I said was not based on the battery issue. That's another subject but I guess they shouldn't cut corners. 
 
 Overall I truly wouldn't recommend the phone based solely on it's poor performance and gimmicky features. I'm going to hold on to my old LG G3 for now because I have no idea what else to get. Honestly the Note 7 was so bad performance wise it has nearly pushed me into considering Apple which I'm strongly against. I have never had an IPhone. 
 
 I hope this review helps someone decide what phone they want to or not want to get. I tried to make this review as absolutely brutally honest as I could. Thank you; In all honesty I am disappointed with Samsung. I switched grim my LG G3 when the Note first came out. It was a great phone and I truly have to compliment the screen brightness and vivid colors and the battery life was very good/borderline great but left a lot to be desired.; I returned my Note 7 because I wasn't comfortable over the battery issue. I'm not sure I can trust any samsung battery for quite a while.; The sad part is I reactivated my LG G3 and I have to say for a two year old phone I expected it to feel like it was running extremely slow. It didn't I truly can't tell a noticeable difference between this two year old phone and the brand new Galaxy Note 7, also another sad fact is for a only slightly smaller screen it truly appears to be clearer and sharper. Samsung does crush it in terms of color and brightness though. The Battery life is the only other large improvement.; In terms of features the large features on the Note were very gimmicky. I never once used the curve screen window, never touched the iris scanner, only rarely used the S pen but I don't use it to draw. It was handy when I did use it though. I did use the fingerprint scanner but it was very finnicky and often didn't work right and I would end up typing in my password anyhow. Also autocorrect never worked like many other people have said.; All in all it was a very "good" phone. It was by no stretch what it should have been and especially what it was rumored to be initially. I have to say I'm truly disappointed that I didn't even notice a speed difference backtracking to a 2 year old phone. That says something about how horrible Samsung's UI system runs.; This comes from someone who loves Android and has pretty much always used Android. I have to say I'm extremely disappointed with Samsung on the new Note 7 and truly majority of what I said was not based on the battery issue. That's another subject but I guess they shouldn't cut corners.; Overall I truly wouldn't recommend the phone based solely on it's poor performance and gimmicky features. I'm going to hold on to my old LG G3 for now because I have no idea what else to get. Honestly the Note 7 was so bad performance wise it has nearly pushed me into considering Apple which I'm strongly against. I have never had an IPhone.; I hope this review helps someone decide what phone they want to or not want to get. I tried to make this review as absolutely brutally honest as I could. Thank you
Imperator Neubaticus, 24 Sep 2016Agreed. The stylus is the reason i got into the note series in the first place. Camera, displa... moreBattery life is pretty superb, with over 6 hours SOT on Wi-Fi, 5 hours SOT on LTE. Same SOT with S7 Edge.
 
 Drawing with the enhanced active digitizer pen (S Pen) with 4096 levels of pressure is just pure pleasure. I'm coming from the Note 3's S Pen's 1024 levels of pressure.
 
 The S Pen in action:
 http://flic.kr/p/LzzPbS; Battery life is pretty superb, with over 6 hours SOT on Wi-Fi, 5 hours SOT on LTE. Same SOT with S7 Edge.; Drawing with the enhanced active digitizer pen (S Pen) with 4096 levels of pressure is just pure pleasure. I'm coming from the Note 3's S Pen's 1024 levels of pressure.; The S Pen in action:
how can i find out my note 7's battery problem? 
 is there any way to know note 7's battery will be explode?; how can i find out my note 7's battery problem?; is there any way to know note 7's battery will be explode?
Savor , 23 Sep 2016Note7 is the smartphone to beat in 2016. Don't care if the recall hoopla got overblown by Appl... moreI don't see RAM management as a problem for the Note7. This thing just runs ok, without worrying about how much RAM is left every time.
 
 Why bother with a zoom lens if it's just f/2.8 with no OIS?; I don't see RAM management as a problem for the Note7. This thing just runs ok, without worrying about how much RAM is left every time.; Why bother with a zoom lens if it's just f/2.8 with no OIS?
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 23 Sep 2016The S Pen is what differentiates from the S series. People like us don't care so much for the ... moreAgreed. The stylus is the reason i got into the note series in the first place. Camera, display, and everything else comes second priority. Maybe except for battery life.; Agreed. The stylus is the reason i got into the note series in the first place. Camera, display, and everything else comes second priority. Maybe except for battery life.
Savor , 23 Sep 2016The new Note7 replacements have a software update that made the UI faster, smoother, and impro... moreYes , I agree ! The lag is a bigger issue then explosion ! Explosion will be well prevented after the crisis Samsung has just went through ! But the lag is something that seems Samsung can never over come ! That's what really makes me reconsider of buying the note 7 ! I love the nice features it offeres , but none will be useful if the phone start lagging ! Let's hope Samsung can really gets it right soon ~.; Yes , I agree ! The lag is a bigger issue then explosion ! Explosion will be well prevented after the crisis Samsung has just went through ! But the lag is something that seems Samsung can never over come ! That's what really makes me reconsider of buying the note 7 ! I love the nice features it offeres , but none will be useful if the phone start lagging ! Let's hope Samsung can really gets it right soon ~.
Note7 is the smartphone to beat in 2016. Don't care if the recall hoopla got overblown by Apple shareholders who control the media to help sell more iPhone 7s. Note7 still excels from Apple fans' smear campaign. 
 
 Design
 Cameras
 Display
 Battery Life
 
 The only advantage 7+ has is that killer feature of 2x optical zoom. But it loses in several photo and video recording comparisons. The audio quality is still in mono and the front cam is too close. Not wide angle to eliminate selfie sticks. The only area V20 seems to excel is audio. If you are paying over $700+, you might as well get the phone that is the best in more areas. 
 
 Both iPhone 7+ and V20 have consistently lost in those key areas. V20 lags behind in display and battery life. Only area Note7 might lose is during speed tests and RAM management. But software is easily correctable with updates and the Note7 replacements supposedly have a software update that improved the speed and smoothness of the early lag. 
 
 Snapdragon or Exynos, the Note7 is still the smartphone to beat in 2016. The S7 edge is a close 2nd. The rest are fighting for 3rd.; Note7 is the smartphone to beat in 2016. Don't care if the recall hoopla got overblown by Apple shareholders who control the media to help sell more iPhone 7s. Note7 still excels from Apple fans' smear campaign.; Design; Cameras; Display; Battery Life; The only advantage 7+ has is that killer feature of 2x optical zoom. But it loses in several photo and video recording comparisons. The audio quality is still in mono and the front cam is too close. Not wide angle to eliminate selfie sticks. The only area V20 seems to excel is audio. If you are paying over $700+, you might as well get the phone that is the best in more areas.; Both iPhone 7+ and V20 have consistently lost in those key areas. V20 lags behind in display and battery life. Only area Note7 might lose is during speed tests and RAM management. But software is easily correctable with updates and the Note7 replacements supposedly have a software update that improved the speed and smoothness of the early lag.; Snapdragon or Exynos, the Note7 is still the smartphone to beat in 2016. The S7 edge is a close 2nd. The rest are fighting for 3rd.
In pakistan when launched note 7 ?; In pakistan when launched note 7 ?
KHL, 18 Sep 2016well after all i believe that when Samsung fix the issue.... they shud sell the divice at a hi... moreThere is no excuse for Samsung phones to have the slowest commands response. Samsung Galaxy Tab s2 8.0 is well optimized and doesn't have any of these issues and yet all Samsung smartphone still have millisecond to a second delay in many commands (especially home botton); There is no excuse for Samsung phones to have the slowest commands response. Samsung Galaxy Tab s2 8.0 is well optimized and doesn't have any of these issues and yet all Samsung smartphone still have millisecond to a second delay in many commands (especially home botton)
unnonimous, 23 Sep 2016i`m not using fingerprints like ever...i`ve done a few bad things in my life and i`m so very a... moreif you afraid to use finger print scanner, why use the eye scanner. don't setup any of them.
 stick to a very long alpha-numeric password. 
 the scanners are not a bad idea. its there for who wants to use them. its called having options. no one said the use of them was mandatory. 
 you know what is a bad idea....... storing data that could get you in trouble on an internet connected phone.; if you afraid to use finger print scanner, why use the eye scanner. don't setup any of them.; stick to a very long alpha-numeric password.; the scanners are not a bad idea. its there for who wants to use them. its called having options. no one said the use of them was mandatory.; you know what is a bad idea....... storing data that could get you in trouble on an internet connected phone.
Equinox Hydroid, 23 Sep 2016in some regions note 7 will be back again for sales by the end of the year as in Europe by end... moreThe S Pen is what differentiates from the S series. People like us don't care so much for the S8. Same feelings I had for the S3, S4, S5, S6 and S7 - if it doesn't have an S Pen, it's really half of what you're paying for who are used to writing and drawing. Sure, it's a glimpse of what the next Galaxy Note would be, but nothing to be envious about, except when the the S7 came out and had more features than the Note.5.
 
 The Note7 exchange program has a deadline, from October 1, up to December 31 for my region. Next Note will still be 10 months away.; The S Pen is what differentiates from the S series. People like us don't care so much for the S8. Same feelings I had for the S3, S4, S5, S6 and S7 - if it doesn't have an S Pen, it's really half of what you're paying for who are used to writing and drawing. Sure, it's a glimpse of what the next Galaxy Note would be, but nothing to be envious about, except when the the S7 came out and had more features than the Note.5.; The Note7 exchange program has a deadline, from October 1, up to December 31 for my region. Next Note will still be 10 months away.
in some regions note 7 will be back again for sales by the end of the year as in Europe by end of November!!! which means 2 months away from S8 release and in my country the replacement program didn't launch yet :( note 7 sales will be affected a lot as many persons will choose to wait for S8 on February 2017!! 
 Read on sammobile that note 7 sales will be 60 % only comparing to Note 5 last year! :(; in some regions note 7 will be back again for sales by the end of the year as in Europe by end of November!!! which means 2 months away from S8 release and in my country the replacement program didn't launch yet :( note 7 sales will be affected a lot as many persons will choose to wait for S8 on February 2017!!; Read on sammobile that note 7 sales will be 60 % only comparing to Note 5 last year! :(
Tika Laxmi, 20 Sep 2016Note 7 us good in features battery problem. It may exploud while charging. So, due to s... moreIve used SS for years, s5 now no issues, I think some of these people are using generic chargers, China or wherever. Use the charger that comes with the phone !!!!! if you can afford S7 well u can afford charger. Don't be using Cheap China extentions.; Ive used SS for years, s5 now no issues, I think some of these people are using generic chargers, China or wherever. Use the charger that comes with the phone !!!!! if you can afford S7 well u can afford charger. Don't be using Cheap China extentions.
Pusht, 22 Sep 2016I agree damage has been done, dent n it's reputation confirmed! But I think This episode is an... morelol. hand granades. exactly. thats why i decided not to buy note 7. i wonder why this happened in first place as its serious as ppl can get hurt. il stay with note edge.; lol. hand granades. exactly. thats why i decided not to buy note 7. i wonder why this happened in first place as its serious as ppl can get hurt. il stay with note edge.
Savor , 23 Sep 2016The new Note7 replacements have a software update that made the UI faster, smoother, and impro... moreHopefully they'll do this for the international version too. Can't wait for october 1st. In the meantime, im holding off on the update that limits battery capacity to 60%. We don't have reports of exploding units in the country anyway.; Hopefully they'll do this for the international version too. Can't wait for october 1st. In the meantime, im holding off on the update that limits battery capacity to 60%. We don't have reports of exploding units in the country anyway.
The new Note7 replacements have a software update that made the UI faster, smoother, and improved battery life for the T-Mobile and Verizon (Snapdragon 820) versions. Go on Android Central forums to read about the improved software. The laggy UI is what concerned me more than explosions. Looks the Note7 is back and better than ever!; The new Note7 replacements have a software update that made the UI faster, smoother, and improved battery life for the T-Mobile and Verizon (Snapdragon 820) versions. Go on Android Central forums to read about the improved software. The laggy UI is what concerned me more than explosions. Looks the Note7 is back and better than ever!
Bunyip22, 23 Sep 2016If you have an old note 7 you will be now limited to 60%..... HOWEVER.... Under battery >... moreI just checked this and its correct.
 The 60% battery restriction can be lifted to 80% under Device maintenance > Battery > Advanced settings (top right).
 
 Reboot will reset it to max 60%.; I just checked this and its correct.; The 60% battery restriction can be lifted to 80% under Device maintenance > Battery > Advanced settings (top right).; Reboot will reset it to max 60%.
absolut-allen, 23 Sep 2016They need to improve TouchWiz. The phone is plenty capable but lacks because they don't optimi... moreVery true. Just some optimization and it will fly. For example Sony optimizes their software very well and it works very smooth with 3GB ram.; Very true. Just some optimization and it will fly. For example Sony optimizes their software very well and it works very smooth with 3GB ram.
If you have an old note 7 you will be now limited to 60%..... HOWEVER....
 
 Under battery > advanced settings you can disable this to allow max 80% charge... if you turn off your phone it will default back to max 60% charge.; If you have an old note 7 you will be now limited to 60%..... HOWEVER....; Under battery > advanced settings you can disable this to allow max 80% charge... if you turn off your phone it will default back to max 60% charge.
PhoneVlog, 23 Sep 2016Samsung needs to improve S models Performance much. Please show as some blast of geekbench sco... moreThey need to improve TouchWiz. The phone is plenty capable but lacks because they don't optimize the software. It's been this way forever.; They need to improve TouchWiz. The phone is plenty capable but lacks because they don't optimize the software. It's been this way forever.
Anth0ny, 20 Sep 2016you are too funny LOL if you are sleeping, why take the time to slowly open your eye lids to ... morei`m not using fingerprints like ever...i`ve done a few bad things in my life and i`m so very afraid to not get caught ...also about the iris scanner, does it work when i`m so very high (like usually) and the pupils are wide open ?; i`m not using fingerprints like ever...i`ve done a few bad things in my life and i`m so very afraid to not get caught ...also about the iris scanner, does it work when i`m so very high (like usually) and the pupils are wide open ?
Samsung needs to improve S models Performance much. Please show as some blast of geekbench score and more speed in openning apps and dont forget gaming performance we wll be glad if all games will run as high as 80fps or above with no lags and major frame drops; Samsung needs to improve S models Performance much. Please show as some blast of geekbench score and more speed in openning apps and dont forget gaming performance we wll be glad if all games will run as high as 80fps or above with no lags and major frame drops
Bunyip22, 23 Sep 2016You don't get a choice with the update... it just happens.I had the choice to update or not... Well, at that moment, I was in a bad spot, and it cancelled the update. The notification just sat there on the cog-wheel settings icon. Prior to this, I had a notification telling about it.
 
 I suspect it has the kill command for the phone once it has reach a certain time. Deadline is about 3 months to exchange to the safe Note7. Oh, thank goodness I'm getting mine next week. Hello, Black Onyx.; I had the choice to update or not... Well, at that moment, I was in a bad spot, and it cancelled the update. The notification just sat there on the cog-wheel settings icon. Prior to this, I had a notification telling about it.; I suspect it has the kill command for the phone once it has reach a certain time. Deadline is about 3 months to exchange to the safe Note7. Oh, thank goodness I'm getting mine next week. Hello, Black Onyx.
Savor , 22 Sep 2016I am fairly OS agnostic although I do prefer Android on my smartphone but plan to get an iPad ... moreLG V20 - terrible battery life, screen color is not calibrated correctly.
 
 iPhone 7 Plus - there's nothing to be excited about it. As it turns out, where the headphone jack used to be placed has some plastic to fill up the void, and Apple's excuse of "courage" turns out to be a move to earn more revenues from selling lightning connections for headphones, and pushing for their silly-looking AirPods. Same iOS, and need for iTunes over a computer to manage files. Bezels are the same silly top and bottom chin side. Price is just silly high with not features much features. Just yuck.
 
 One Plus 3 - no memory expansion. That one thing is about the only thing that I don't like about it even with such an affordable price.
 
 S7 Edge - well worth than above mentioned for its outstanding camera, screen, water-resistance, memory expansion, and long battery life.
 
 Note7 just wipes every device you mentioned. The trolls who are hanging on to the excuse of 1 out of 42,000 chance of explosion DURING charging will be practically gone. And none of the above has the S Pen - which besides the camera and memory expansion, is the reason why people like me get it. Jotting down notes, sketching, and navigational precision.
 
 I'm still going that Samsung gives the Note series the removable battery option, just cramp in 5000mAh. I still need to charge one time in the day so I can have battery until late evening, despite the fact I can get 7 hours SOT from a full charge. No one should be draining the battery often if they want the device to last long.; LG V20 - terrible battery life, screen color is not calibrated correctly.; iPhone 7 Plus - there's nothing to be excited about it. As it turns out, where the headphone jack used to be placed has some plastic to fill up the void, and Apple's excuse of "courage" turns out to be a move to earn more revenues from selling lightning connections for headphones, and pushing for their silly-looking AirPods. Same iOS, and need for iTunes over a computer to manage files. Bezels are the same silly top and bottom chin side. Price is just silly high with not features much features. Just yuck.; One Plus 3 - no memory expansion. That one thing is about the only thing that I don't like about it even with such an affordable price.; S7 Edge - well worth than above mentioned for its outstanding camera, screen, water-resistance, memory expansion, and long battery life.; Note7 just wipes every device you mentioned. The trolls who are hanging on to the excuse of 1 out of 42,000 chance of explosion DURING charging will be practically gone. And none of the above has the S Pen - which besides the camera and memory expansion, is the reason why people like me get it. Jotting down notes, sketching, and navigational precision.; I'm still going that Samsung gives the Note series the removable battery option, just cramp in 5000mAh. I still need to charge one time in the day so I can have battery until late evening, despite the fact I can get 7 hours SOT from a full charge. No one should be draining the battery often if they want the device to last long.
Just saw a battery comparison video of Note7 v iPhone 7 Plus. This was the less efficient Snapdragon 820 Note7 and it still outlasted the 7+! It lasted 1 hr longer in video playback. Imagine had it been Exynos? The camera comparison from SuperSaf was great too especially regarding the audio recording. It got me completely convinced the 7+ has poorer cameras on both sides and its only real advantage is the 2X optical zoom which is gimmicky in low light as it is just digital zoom in disguise. 
 
 Design 
 Note7 > iPhone 7+
 
 Camera(s) 
 Note7 > iPhone 7+
 
 Battery Life 
 Note7 > iPhone 7+, Snapdragon 820 still beat it
 
 Software/RAM management 
 Note7 < iPhone 7+
 
 Note7 also has the brightest screen at 1000 nits. And also is smaller and narrower while having a 0.2 bigger display. The only attractive iPhone 7+ is the matte black which attracts fingerprints too. All four color options of the Note7 look good. It takes nearly 3 hrs to charge a iPhone 7+. Cut it down to 2 hrs and 15 min with an iPad charger. The Note7 takes only 90 minutes. The tired old explosion jokes need to go away. It beats iPhone 7+ in several key aspects like camera and battery life.
 
 I really like its selfie cam (wide angle). No need of a selfie stick and the video recording is in stereo while iPhone 7+ is stuck on mono! Go on forums and LG has a far more common issue with the reboot loop on the G4, G5, and V10. This is far, far more common and has happened on three different phones already! I might not take a gamble on the V20 and might just go Note7. I can't trust LG while Samsung will sort this out after the recall. Just cover up the back with a dbrand skin if you hate smudges. 
 
 You can't deny what a great all-around phone Note7 still is. Pre-recall or post-recall, this is still the best smartphone of the year. Don't hate if you never owned it or just read stories about the explosions. Still arguably the best out there.; Just saw a battery comparison video of Note7 v iPhone 7 Plus. This was the less efficient Snapdragon 820 Note7 and it still outlasted the 7+! It lasted 1 hr longer in video playback. Imagine had it been Exynos? The camera comparison from SuperSaf was great too especially regarding the audio recording. It got me completely convinced the 7+ has poorer cameras on both sides and its only real advantage is the 2X optical zoom which is gimmicky in low light as it is just digital zoom in disguise.; Design; Note7 > iPhone 7+; Camera(s); Note7 > iPhone 7+; Battery Life; Note7 > iPhone 7+, Snapdragon 820 still beat it; Software/RAM management; Note7 < iPhone 7+; Note7 also has the brightest screen at 1000 nits. And also is smaller and narrower while having a 0.2 bigger display. The only attractive iPhone 7+ is the matte black which attracts fingerprints too. All four color options of the Note7 look good. It takes nearly 3 hrs to charge a iPhone 7+. Cut it down to 2 hrs and 15 min with an iPad charger. The Note7 takes only 90 minutes. The tired old explosion jokes need to go away. It beats iPhone 7+ in several key aspects like camera and battery life.; I really like its selfie cam (wide angle). No need of a selfie stick and the video recording is in stereo while iPhone 7+ is stuck on mono! Go on forums and LG has a far more common issue with the reboot loop on the G4, G5, and V10. This is far, far more common and has happened on three different phones already! I might not take a gamble on the V20 and might just go Note7. I can't trust LG while Samsung will sort this out after the recall. Just cover up the back with a dbrand skin if you hate smudges.; You can't deny what a great all-around phone Note7 still is. Pre-recall or post-recall, this is still the best smartphone of the year. Don't hate if you never owned it or just read stories about the explosions. Still arguably the best out there.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 22 Sep 2016I opened my Note7 this afternoon, and got a message that it will have an update to limit the ... moreYou don't get a choice with the update... it just happens.; You don't get a choice with the update... it just happens.
Battery life is now limited to 60%. Finally called Samsung for a GN7 replacement.
 When they deliver my new one i will give them my current one... may keep the current charger and headphones as compensation for my time :); Battery life is now limited to 60%. Finally called Samsung for a GN7 replacement.; When they deliver my new one i will give them my current one... may keep the current charger and headphones as compensation for my time :)
[deleted post]6 months... Right. Sure. Some countries have given a deadline until the end of this year to replace with the safe Note7 version. 
 
 6 months... Right...; 6 months... Right. Sure. Some countries have given a deadline until the end of this year to replace with the safe Note7 version.; 6 months... Right...
I opened my Note7 this afternoon, and got a message that it will have an update to limit the battery to charge only to just 60%. I'm happy to comply to this move, if it means giving some safety measure.
 
 I implore fellow Note7 users to do so. The trolls here will go on about the 1 out of 42,000 chance of explosion - they don't really care about anyone's safety, they just wabt to make excuses for their sour graping and think the Note.5 is still "the best". 
 
 Note7 replacements are getting to their owners for most countries in about a week or so. I still blame Samsung execs for to much rushing; I opened my Note7 this afternoon, and got a message that it will have an update to limit the battery to charge only to just 60%. I'm happy to comply to this move, if it means giving some safety measure.; I implore fellow Note7 users to do so. The trolls here will go on about the 1 out of 42,000 chance of explosion - they don't really care about anyone's safety, they just wabt to make excuses for their sour graping and think the Note.5 is still "the best".; Note7 replacements are getting to their owners for most countries in about a week or so. I still blame Samsung execs for to much rushing
I am fairly OS agnostic although I do prefer Android on my smartphone but plan to get an iPad mini 4 for FREE because my carrier is offering it to me. I think fanboy posturing is a waste of time. Enjoy them all. 
 
 I am going LG V20 under AT&T. Planning to get Note8 next year and Exynos. I don't want the inferior SoC inside my Samsungs. Whatever you choose, it is all good. 
 
 Samsung Galaxy Note7 (Exynos) 
 Samsung Galaxy S7 edge (Exynos) 
 Apple iPhone 7 Plus 
 LG V20 
 OnePlus 3 (best value) 
 
 All five are great, folks. Avoid that iPhone 7 Minus. The 2X optical zoom is a killer and exclusive feature for the 7 Plus. Perfect for taking photos and recording videos during events like concerts. Why go gold when you can go platinum with the Plus? But my heart is with LG this year. Removable battery is a must for me after this Note7 battery debacle. 
 
 Samsung will learn from their Note7 debacle and make the 8 great! Doesn't mean the Note7 is terrible with its stigma. Still has the best design, brightest display and best overall camera found on any smartphone of 2016. The iPhone 7 Plus lost to it in low light, dynamic range, selfie, and audio quality from the video recording. Note7's cam is an improvement of the S7 edge. Don't hate on the Note7. Still arguably the best out there.; I am fairly OS agnostic although I do prefer Android on my smartphone but plan to get an iPad mini 4 for FREE because my carrier is offering it to me. I think fanboy posturing is a waste of time. Enjoy them all.; I am going LG V20 under AT&T. Planning to get Note8 next year and Exynos. I don't want the inferior SoC inside my Samsungs. Whatever you choose, it is all good.; Samsung Galaxy Note7 (Exynos); Samsung Galaxy S7 edge (Exynos); Apple iPhone 7 Plus; LG V20; OnePlus 3 (best value); All five are great, folks. Avoid that iPhone 7 Minus. The 2X optical zoom is a killer and exclusive feature for the 7 Plus. Perfect for taking photos and recording videos during events like concerts. Why go gold when you can go platinum with the Plus? But my heart is with LG this year. Removable battery is a must for me after this Note7 battery debacle.; Samsung will learn from their Note7 debacle and make the 8 great! Doesn't mean the Note7 is terrible with its stigma. Still has the best design, brightest display and best overall camera found on any smartphone of 2016. The iPhone 7 Plus lost to it in low light, dynamic range, selfie, and audio quality from the video recording. Note7's cam is an improvement of the S7 edge. Don't hate on the Note7. Still arguably the best out there.
Is there a galaxy note 7 charmander edition :D; Is there a galaxy note 7 charmander edition :D
rock, 21 Sep 2016non-removable battery????...is Samsung nuts!!!ummm seriously...... where have you been the last few years.....; ummm seriously...... where have you been the last few years.....
Whether it's the improved camera, the metal-and-glass chassis, the oodles of power involved (from SamsungÂ’s own octa-core Exynos chipset) or just the fact that the TouchWiz software it runs on top of Android looks less childish these days, Samsung's got a lot right here and this is a brilliant phone. The S Pen does come in useful quite often, and there are interesting features such as iris recognition for security.; Whether it's the improved camera, the metal-and-glass chassis, the oodles of power involved (from SamsungÂ’s own octa-core Exynos chipset) or just the fact that the TouchWiz software it runs on top of Android looks less childish these days, Samsung's got a lot right here and this is a brilliant phone. The S Pen does come in useful quite often, and there are interesting features such as iris recognition for security.
We can't tell you how close it is between the Galaxy Note 7, iPhone 6S Plus and S7 Edge for the title of 'best smartphone in the world.' All three are beautiful, but the curved screen, smaller size, and more affordable price puts the S7 just in front. But the Note 7 is still an amazing smartphone - especially if you adore phablets, and stylus'.; We can't tell you how close it is between the Galaxy Note 7, iPhone 6S Plus and S7 Edge for the title of 'best smartphone in the world.' All three are beautiful, but the curved screen, smaller size, and more affordable price puts the S7 just in front. But the Note 7 is still an amazing smartphone - especially if you adore phablets, and stylus'.
Best large smartphone - Samsung Galaxy Note 7; Best large smartphone - Samsung Galaxy Note 7
A brilliant phablet that shows Samsung at its very best; A brilliant phablet that shows Samsung at its very best
I agree damage has been done, dent n it's reputation confirmed! But I think This episode is an eye opened to All regarding loop holes n quality checks. N future we will be Safe of these hand grenades.; I agree damage has been done, dent n it's reputation confirmed! But I think This episode is an eye opened to All regarding loop holes n quality checks. N future we will be Safe of these hand grenades.
Savor , 22 Sep 2016Note7 still has the best camera on a smartphone in 2016. I saw the Supersaf video and iPhone 7... moreThe iphone camera and video samples were very average. The GN7 blows them away especially in low light.; The iphone camera and video samples were very average. The GN7 blows them away especially in low light.
Mulan, 21 Sep 2016It was fixed with with wireless 1TB HDD. But the damage done by the explosions of Note 7's ... moreYeah, because spending more money on a wireless hdd is a good way to fix the GN5 problem.
 
 Make sure you never drive a car, fly in a plane or catch a bus... people die in those every day.
 
 Plenty of phones have exploded in the past, Samsung was straight onto the problem and GN7 phones are now fine.; Yeah, because spending more money on a wireless hdd is a good way to fix the GN5 problem.; Make sure you never drive a car, fly in a plane or catch a bus... people die in those every day.; Plenty of phones have exploded in the past, Samsung was straight onto the problem and GN7 phones are now fine.
Mulan, 21 Sep 2016It was fixed with with wireless 1TB HDD. But the damage done by the explosions of Note 7's ... moreWe can also connect to a wireless hard drive - at home. Why do you insist that we carry one? Haha, you will have the likely chance of a wireless hard drive failing due to carrying it and accidental drops.; We can also connect to a wireless hard drive - at home. Why do you insist that we carry one? Haha, you will have the likely chance of a wireless hard drive failing due to carrying it and accidental drops.
Mulan, 21 Sep 2016"Started in some countries" ONLY. Just like when you insists that 64GB Note 5 was available... moreSorry, I'm getting mine in 9 days. India is 2 weeks after mine. There's a full schedule for all countries.
 
 While you exaggerate it will take months to replace them, regular sale of Note7 have already started in the US. You know that. Other markets restart selling note7 by October 21. It means Samsung has replenished stocks - no excuse for Samsung not being able to supply within a month.
 
 Anyone holding on to the first wave of Note7 and not taking advantage of the total recall will have a chance of .0001% of it exploding! Based on the statistics of the US having nearly 100 exploding out of 1 million. Hahahaha - that's the probability you are hoping for? Pathetic.
 
 Even with Samsung's official probability 1 out of 42,000 is .00024%!
 
 While you PRETEND-insist THAT THEY STILL EXPLODE, I know you just want the price to go down, and cheaper for you to spend for one. After you finish your 12-month payment for the Note.5?; Sorry, I'm getting mine in 9 days. India is 2 weeks after mine. There's a full schedule for all countries.; While you exaggerate it will take months to replace them, regular sale of Note7 have already started in the US. You know that. Other markets restart selling note7 by October 21. It means Samsung has replenished stocks - no excuse for Samsung not being able to supply within a month.; Anyone holding on to the first wave of Note7 and not taking advantage of the total recall will have a chance of .0001% of it exploding! Based on the statistics of the US having nearly 100 exploding out of 1 million. Hahahaha - that's the probability you are hoping for? Pathetic.; Even with Samsung's official probability 1 out of 42,000 is .00024%!; While you PRETEND-insist THAT THEY STILL EXPLODE, I know you just want the price to go down, and cheaper for you to spend for one. After you finish your 12-month payment for the Note.5?
pg, 21 Sep 2016Received mine beginning September. No problems. Then Samsung called and asked to send it back ... moreHmmm; Hmmm
Note7 still has the best camera on a smartphone in 2016. I saw the Supersaf video and iPhone 7 Plus has terrible mono audio for video recording and dynamic range is poor. Samsung's ISOCELL still blows away the typical BSI sensors in low light. Only thing I like from the 7+ is that zoom. 
 
 Also, PhoneBuff had the Note7 drop 50x face down. Still worked. The iPhone 7+ took only 10x until it stops working. Where Samsung S7 and Note7 is poor is RAM management. They tend to lose speed tests to OnePlus 3 and LG G5. Note7 is still one of the best phones out there. Forget the recall. 
 
 Damage has been done? Keep saying that to yourselves. Note7 may no longer sell as well but Samsung with billions of dollars across all industries will recover. Foldable displays will make this recall a footNote. And this will push Samsung to make the Note8 so much better next year.; Note7 still has the best camera on a smartphone in 2016. I saw the Supersaf video and iPhone 7 Plus has terrible mono audio for video recording and dynamic range is poor. Samsung's ISOCELL still blows away the typical BSI sensors in low light. Only thing I like from the 7+ is that zoom.; Also, PhoneBuff had the Note7 drop 50x face down. Still worked. The iPhone 7+ took only 10x until it stops working. Where Samsung S7 and Note7 is poor is RAM management. They tend to lose speed tests to OnePlus 3 and LG G5. Note7 is still one of the best phones out there. Forget the recall.; Damage has been done? Keep saying that to yourselves. Note7 may no longer sell as well but Samsung with billions of dollars across all industries will recover. Foldable displays will make this recall a footNote. And this will push Samsung to make the Note8 so much better next year.
non-removable battery????...is Samsung nuts!!!; non-removable battery????...is Samsung nuts!!!
Received mine beginning September. No problems. Then Samsung called and asked to send it back and have it replaced with an S7 till new stock arrives. I told them to send replacement Note 7 as soon as new stock arrives. Then a "brilliant" software self installed itself limiting battery life to 60%. Ridiculous. I am old enough to decide whether I want to take the risk or not, dont need Samsung to baby sit me.... Phone also gets stuck every now and then and needs restart. I will seriously reconsider the replacement brand next year; Received mine beginning September. No problems. Then Samsung called and asked to send it back and have it replaced with an S7 till new stock arrives. I told them to send replacement Note 7 as soon as new stock arrives. Then a "brilliant" software self installed itself limiting battery life to 60%. Ridiculous. I am old enough to decide whether I want to take the risk or not, dont need Samsung to baby sit me.... Phone also gets stuck every now and then and needs restart. I will seriously reconsider the replacement brand next year
Bunyip22, 21 Sep 2016The big issue with the GN5 was the lack of storage and no SD card. That CAN'T be fixed. The... moreIt was fixed with with wireless 1TB HDD.
 
 But the damage done by the explosions of Note 7's cannot be fixed.
 Burned skin scars and property ashes caused by its explosions cannot be fixed anymore!; It was fixed with with wireless 1TB HDD.; But the damage done by the explosions of Note 7's cannot be fixed.; Burned skin scars and property ashes caused by its explosions cannot be fixed anymore!
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 21 Sep 2016More foolish sour grapes statements. Look up that meaning. It's so sweet to know exploding ... more"Started in some countries" ONLY.
 
 Just like when you insists that 64GB Note 5 was available in "some countries only".
 
 Means that replacement has not yet started in MOST countries and there are still exploding Note 7 in the markets. Perhaps it will take another six months to finish all the replacement mess. By that time new Note 8 will be few months for launching and that will be my next Note phone. For sure it will beat your explosive phone all the way especially with safety.
 
 The damage is done, replacing won't do the trick, this is the most dangerous phone now!; "Started in some countries" ONLY.; Just like when you insists that 64GB Note 5 was available in "some countries only".; Means that replacement has not yet started in MOST countries and there are still exploding Note 7 in the markets. Perhaps it will take another six months to finish all the replacement mess. By that time new Note 8 will be few months for launching and that will be my next Note phone. For sure it will beat your explosive phone all the way especially with safety.; The damage is done, replacing won't do the trick, this is the most dangerous phone now!
Which one should I buy?!!! Note 7 or iPhone 7 Plus?!; Which one should I buy?!!! Note 7 or iPhone 7 Plus?!
Tika Laxmi, 20 Sep 2016Note 7 us good in features battery problem. It may exploud while charging. So, due to s... moreSafe Note 7s is in stock now and Verizon has started to sell the safe Note 7s.; Safe Note 7s is in stock now and Verizon has started to sell the safe Note 7s.
Whatever it is i am obssessed by note 7 and iphone 7 plus; Whatever it is i am obssessed by note 7 and iphone 7 plus
Butuh Apai Gondol, 21 Sep 2016Note 7 will be back with better phoneIt's great; It's great
Note 7 will be back with better phone; Note 7 will be back with better phone
Anonymous, 21 Sep 2016Same as your sour graping with Note 5 against the plastic remote control outdated phone. LOL!The big issue with the GN5 was the lack of storage and no SD card. That CAN'T be fixed.
 
 The big issue with the GN7 is a faulty battery in 0.01% of phones... that HAS been fixed.; The big issue with the GN5 was the lack of storage and no SD card. That CAN'T be fixed.; The big issue with the GN7 is a faulty battery in 0.01% of phones... that HAS been fixed.
Anonymous, 21 Sep 2016Same as your sour graping with Note 5 against the plastic remote control outdated phone. LOL!Note.5 had no memory expansion and came 32 GB in most regions. My Note 3 had 32 GB and memory expansion.
 
 No one with a logical mind can go for a 32 GB only Android device in 2015. 64 GB models were "special order". Note7 has corrected that, with many improvements. Note.5 was just a failed experiment to see if they can do an Apple move with no memory expansion.
 
 It's not sour grapes on my part- I NEVER wanted anything to do with a device that had less features than my Note 3. I can't sour grapes on something I'm not impressed with functions wise. Instead, I used my money to get my wife an S7 Edge.
 
 Note7 surpasses everything over the Note.5. You can't deny that, and all you can do is just go on with exploding - which is not an issue anymore. I won't be surprised if you actually bought a Note7 next month to upgrade away from the Note.5.; Note.5 had no memory expansion and came 32 GB in most regions. My Note 3 had 32 GB and memory expansion.; No one with a logical mind can go for a 32 GB only Android device in 2015. 64 GB models were "special order". Note7 has corrected that, with many improvements. Note.5 was just a failed experiment to see if they can do an Apple move with no memory expansion.; It's not sour grapes on my part- I NEVER wanted anything to do with a device that had less features than my Note 3. I can't sour grapes on something I'm not impressed with functions wise. Instead, I used my money to get my wife an S7 Edge.; Note7 surpasses everything over the Note.5. You can't deny that, and all you can do is just go on with exploding - which is not an issue anymore. I won't be surprised if you actually bought a Note7 next month to upgrade away from the Note.5.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 20 Sep 2016Because you CAN'T buy a Note7 now. Not for a month. Meanwhile I'm getting my replacement unit ... moreSame as your sour graping with Note 5 against the plastic remote control outdated phone. LOL!; Same as your sour graping with Note 5 against the plastic remote control outdated phone. LOL!
[deleted post]Old news. Has nothing to do with Note 7. Thanks though...; Old news. Has nothing to do with Note 7. Thanks though...
Mulan, 20 Sep 2016What is the use of your 256GB expansion memory if you cannot switch it on while on the go? Be... moreMore foolish sour grapes statements. Look up that meaning.
 
 It's so sweet to know exploding issue is a non-issue now with the replacements started in some countries already.
 
 It really eats you up that there's no excuse in getting the Note7 as the best Android product in the market now, huh?; More foolish sour grapes statements. Look up that meaning.; It's so sweet to know exploding issue is a non-issue now with the replacements started in some countries already.; It really eats you up that there's no excuse in getting the Note7 as the best Android product in the market now, huh?
ani080990, 20 Sep 2016Bro you are right...i m using s7 edge since 6 months and i must say it's almost a perfect phon... moreYeah, I've experienced my wife's S7 Edge's camera capabilities, and I was very convinced of getting the Note7 with the same sensor. S Pen and memory expansion are musts also top reasons. 
 
 And then the extra features of water-resistance, iris scanner, glance, screen resolution control, USB Type C, HDR video recording and screen, great SOT (Exynos), Edge tools, etc., makes it worth it than mere iPhone 7, or older devices.
 
 Some people here are absolute losers when they keep mentioning about the exploding issue. While it will hurt Samsung's sales, no one can't deny that Note7 IS the smartphone to beat.; Yeah, I've experienced my wife's S7 Edge's camera capabilities, and I was very convinced of getting the Note7 with the same sensor. S Pen and memory expansion are musts also top reasons.; And then the extra features of water-resistance, iris scanner, glance, screen resolution control, USB Type C, HDR video recording and screen, great SOT (Exynos), Edge tools, etc., makes it worth it than mere iPhone 7, or older devices.; Some people here are absolute losers when they keep mentioning about the exploding issue. While it will hurt Samsung's sales, no one can't deny that Note7 IS the smartphone to beat.
just chill man; just chill man
unnonymous, 20 Sep 2016very bad idea with iris scanner, what if i am asleep and someone open my eyelids delicately an... moreyou are too funny LOL
 if you are sleeping, why take the time to slowly open your eye lids to scan your eyes, when i could quickly tap the finger print scanner on your finger?
 which you think would take less effort if the person is sleeping???; you are too funny LOL; if you are sleeping, why take the time to slowly open your eye lids to scan your eyes, when i could quickly tap the finger print scanner on your finger?; which you think would take less effort if the person is sleeping???
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 20 Sep 2016Because you CAN'T buy a Note7 now. Not for a month. Meanwhile I'm getting my replacement unit ... moreBro you are right...i m using s7 edge since 6 months and i must say it's almost a perfect phone...i had s6 edge but i was not happy with the battery,there was no micro sd card,there was no ip67/68 rating and last the most important thing that s6 edge had very poor ram management....this all limitations of S6/S6 edge has been overcome in S7/S7 edge and Note7..
 This is the honest opinion and i m using my S7 edge since 24 March 2016.
 Hope this helps.
 Peace.
 
 PS: Camera is Fabulous,marvellous,Outstanding etc etc especially in low light photography. Autofocus is Super Fast, till now no other smartphone has matched with the focus speed that the S7/S7 edge and Note7 have.; Bro you are right...i m using s7 edge since 6 months and i must say it's almost a perfect phone...i had s6 edge but i was not happy with the battery,there was no micro sd card,there was no ip67/68 rating and last the most important thing that s6 edge had very poor ram management....this all limitations of S6/S6 edge has been overcome in S7/S7 edge and Note7..; This is the honest opinion and i m using my S7 edge since 24 March 2016.; Hope this helps.; Peace.; PS: Camera is Fabulous,marvellous,Outstanding etc etc especially in low light photography. Autofocus is Super Fast, till now no other smartphone has matched with the focus speed that the S7/S7 edge and Note7 have.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 16 Sep 2016Yeah, except you can't buy a Note7 as Samsung has STOPPED selling WEEKS AGO.What is the use of your 256GB expansion memory if you cannot switch it on while on the go?
 Better keep your files in the office and home since you cannot open them while travelling in public transport.
 
 64GB Note 5 still rules, I enjoy listening to music, taking photographs, watching videos, browsing the net, calling, chatting, messaging and lots of goodies WHILE ON THE GO which your Note 7 can't do!; What is the use of your 256GB expansion memory if you cannot switch it on while on the go?; Better keep your files in the office and home since you cannot open them while travelling in public transport.; 64GB Note 5 still rules, I enjoy listening to music, taking photographs, watching videos, browsing the net, calling, chatting, messaging and lots of goodies WHILE ON THE GO which your Note 7 can't do!
ahmed tanveer, 20 Sep 2016You don't know anything about phones bro.Learn about them or please be quiet. CPU performance... moreNote 7 us good in features battery problem. It may exploud while charging. 
 So, due to safety reason it is not best. 
 LG G4 LG G5, G flex 2 are better cheaper and more Safe than this one.; Note 7 us good in features battery problem. It may exploud while charging.; So, due to safety reason it is not best.; LG G4 LG G5, G flex 2 are better cheaper and more Safe than this one.
azz iff, 18 Sep 2016KID, if samsung mentioned that it is always on display supported it doesn't mean LUMIA 950 doe... moreYou don't know anything about phones bro.Learn about them or please be quiet.
 CPU performance can be compared by benchmarks,speed test,etc.
 If lumia has better cameras than note 7,then why S7E(same camera of note 7) has won too much awards for the best camera?
 Yeah!I am always ready.; You don't know anything about phones bro.Learn about them or please be quiet.; CPU performance can be compared by benchmarks,speed test,etc.; If lumia has better cameras than note 7,then why S7E(same camera of note 7) has won too much awards for the best camera?; Yeah!I am always ready.
Perez5k, 18 Sep 2016From your write up, you know only a little about the Lumia devices, let me walk you through so... moreOK!
 Microsoft also has good features.
 But,note 7 is the best and everyone knows it.
 Please don't write essays here bro,its too much different to real all content.; OK!; Microsoft also has good features.; But,note 7 is the best and everyone knows it.; Please don't write essays here bro,its too much different to real all content.
Mulan, 20 Sep 2016Sorry I won't burn my money for a $900 phone that cannot be switch on.Because you CAN'T buy a Note7 now. Not for a month. Meanwhile I'm getting my replacement unit in 10 days. Nothing you can do about the fact Note7 being the best features-packed phone of the year.
 
 While you magnify your ignorance to the fact some people are already with their Note7 replacements, they can safely use theirs. Nothing you can do about it.
 
 Nothing you can do about the Note7 is way improved than Note.5 which has no memory expansion. Note7 don't explode anymore- nothing you can do about that. 
 
 All you and ParagB can do is keep in denial and sour grapes to your heart's content about the Note7 being at top.; Because you CAN'T buy a Note7 now. Not for a month. Meanwhile I'm getting my replacement unit in 10 days. Nothing you can do about the fact Note7 being the best features-packed phone of the year.; While you magnify your ignorance to the fact some people are already with their Note7 replacements, they can safely use theirs. Nothing you can do about it.; Nothing you can do about the Note7 is way improved than Note.5 which has no memory expansion. Note7 don't explode anymore- nothing you can do about that.; All you and ParagB can do is keep in denial and sour grapes to your heart's content about the Note7 being at top.
very bad idea with iris scanner, what if i am asleep and someone open my eyelids delicately and unlocks my phone ? scary ..; very bad idea with iris scanner, what if i am asleep and someone open my eyelids delicately and unlocks my phone ? scary ..
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 20 Sep 2016While you are still banging on about exploding Note7, exchange for the safe ones has started y... moreSorry I won't burn my money for a $900 phone that cannot be switch on.; Sorry I won't burn my money for a $900 phone that cannot be switch on.
Anonymous, 18 Sep 2016samasung is officially getting sued in the states. http://finance.yahoo.com/news/florida-ma... moreEverything and Everyone gets sued in the US...; Everything and Everyone gets sued in the US...
A person12345, 20 Sep 2016First of all the note 7 is not Samsung's flagship phone and second of all it is made out of gl... morePerson you're replying to is referring to Lumia, not GN7, and its a flagship BTW; Person you're replying to is referring to Lumia, not GN7, and its a flagship BTW
tech.pro, 20 Sep 2016Better than ever !!The best of them all!!; The best of them all!!
Replacements, 20 Sep 2016The replacements have arrived and the sales will soon resume Others are dead meatBetter than ever !!; Better than ever !!
The explosion was caused just by a manufacturing error. They struggled to make the device thinner and squished the battery.; The explosion was caused just by a manufacturing error. They struggled to make the device thinner and squished the battery.
http://www.cnet.com/news/why-is-samsung-galaxy-n­ote-7-exploding-overheating/ 
 
 Here is, what happens, if manufacturers STRUGGLE for slim design.
 Well deserved. But it should happen to iPhone and S6 too.
 
 Hyun Yeul Lee (also knwon as Hyun Yeul Liar/Rookie) is at fault. Sacrificing practicallity for design? PLEASE do the opposite and make the phone as thick as an iPhone 2G for 6000 mAh and more sensors (UV, Hygrometer, Temperature sensor and more place for a camera with a bigger image sensor)
 
 Sacrificing design for convenience? That happened on the S6! On the unpacked event, Samsung said, that they didn't do so. But they did. Liars.
 I'm glad that S7 edge and the older Galaxy Notes are not affected.
 Otherways, Ariana Grande's Note 5 could have been exploded while Focussing with 0.6% of all pixels being used for phase detection.; Here is, what happens, if manufacturers STRUGGLE for slim design.; Well deserved. But it should happen to iPhone and S6 too.; Hyun Yeul Lee (also knwon as Hyun Yeul Liar/Rookie) is at fault. Sacrificing practicallity for design? PLEASE do the opposite and make the phone as thick as an iPhone 2G for 6000 mAh and more sensors (UV, Hygrometer, Temperature sensor and more place for a camera with a bigger image sensor); Sacrificing design for convenience? That happened on the S6! On the unpacked event, Samsung said, that they didn't do so. But they did. Liars.; I'm glad that S7 edge and the older Galaxy Notes are not affected.; Otherways, Ariana Grande's Note 5 could have been exploded while Focussing with 0.6% of all pixels being used for phase detection.
Perez5k, 19 Sep 2016It's your opinion, enjoy your explosive device with gimmick featuresThe replacements have arrived and the sales will soon resume
 
 Others are dead meat; The replacements have arrived and the sales will soon resume; Others are dead meat
A person12345, 20 Sep 2016First of all the note 7 is not Samsung's flagship phone and second of all it is made out of gl... moreNotes are Samsung's flagship phones. S line is for the first half of the year.; Notes are Samsung's flagship phones. S line is for the first half of the year.
Adel J, 19 Sep 2016I wont spend a penny on the piece of cracky plastic you're talking about. A "flagship" that... moreSorry dude...Samsung don't need any penny from you....; Sorry dude...Samsung don't need any penny from you....
First of all the note 7 is not Samsung's flagship phone and second of all it is made out of glass and metal, not creaky plastic.; First of all the note 7 is not Samsung's flagship phone and second of all it is made out of glass and metal, not creaky plastic.
Perez5k, 19 Sep 2016It's your opinion, enjoy your explosive device with gimmick featuresTalk about judgemental. You never owned a Note7. All you do is hear stories. Only is an explosive device IF it happens to YOU. But it never did happen to you because you never owned it and probably don't know anyone who experienced it. So you just say explosive device like the less than a few hundred incidents represents 90% of Note7 owners out there. Reply here once you own a Note7 and it explodes.; Talk about judgemental. You never owned a Note7. All you do is hear stories. Only is an explosive device IF it happens to YOU. But it never did happen to you because you never owned it and probably don't know anyone who experienced it. So you just say explosive device like the less than a few hundred incidents represents 90% of Note7 owners out there. Reply here once you own a Note7 and it explodes.
Mulan, 19 Sep 2016Buying a $900 phone and not switching it on. For what? Status symbol? You cannot even enjoy ... moreWhile you are still banging on about exploding Note7, exchange for the safe ones has started yesterday.
 
 Sorry, looks like you're just going to watch us use the best smartphone for the year, while you know that fact.; While you are still banging on about exploding Note7, exchange for the safe ones has started yesterday.; Sorry, looks like you're just going to watch us use the best smartphone for the year, while you know that fact.
Perez5k, 18 Sep 2016From your write up, you know only a little about the Lumia devices, let me walk you through so... moreI wont spend a penny on the piece of cracky plastic you're talking about.
 
 A "flagship" that looks and feels like a 10 USD phone.
 
 Calm down please.; I wont spend a penny on the piece of cracky plastic you're talking about.; A "flagship" that looks and feels like a 10 USD phone.; Calm down please.
absolut-allen, 19 Sep 2016I was really hoping Microsoft would have went through with the Surface Phone Pro. Would have b... moreYeah, still got the good ol' GN4 here. Will skip GN5 for GN7 when new stocks arrive; Yeah, still got the good ol' GN4 here. Will skip GN5 for GN7 when new stocks arrive
Perez5k, 19 Sep 2016That's your opinion broThank you for your kind reply bro; Thank you for your kind reply bro
absolut-allen, 19 Sep 2016I was really hoping Microsoft would have went through with the Surface Phone Pro. Would have b... moreIt's your opinion, enjoy your explosive device with gimmick features; It's your opinion, enjoy your explosive device with gimmick features
[deleted post]That's your opinion bro; That's your opinion bro
absolut-allen, 19 Sep 2016There's a difference between a device bending in someone's pocket and a phone catching fire or... moremy dear ... the logic says if u buy some thing and take it out of ur pocket in a different shape it shud be replaced... unless ur getting it free and with no warranty.
 without taking long on this... i think Samsung took huge step further to prove how professional and confident of its flag ship products.... where others still sells gifts for GF and BF.; my dear ... the logic says if u buy some thing and take it out of ur pocket in a different shape it shud be replaced... unless ur getting it free and with no warranty.; without taking long on this... i think Samsung took huge step further to prove how professional and confident of its flag ship products.... where others still sells gifts for GF and BF.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 18 Sep 2016That's right... Keep ignoring the fact Samsung has started replacing the millions of Note7. ... moreBuying a $900 phone and not switching it on.
 For what? Status symbol?
 You cannot even enjoy all your stuff and features.
 Now who is ignorant?
 
 While we are still enjoying the Note 5 in all its glory and safety ever since.; Buying a $900 phone and not switching it on.; For what? Status symbol?; You cannot even enjoy all your stuff and features.; Now who is ignorant?; While we are still enjoying the Note 5 in all its glory and safety ever since.
KHL, 19 Sep 2016the second selling brand had their device bending... did it hurt the brand ! despite they did ... moreThere's a difference between a device bending in someone's pocket and a phone catching fire or exploding. Let me rephrase what I said before, don't take business classes, you have to have some sort of logic beforehand.; There's a difference between a device bending in someone's pocket and a phone catching fire or exploding. Let me rephrase what I said before, don't take business classes, you have to have some sort of logic beforehand.
[deleted post]I was really hoping Microsoft would have went through with the Surface Phone Pro. Would have been a direct competitor to the Note as it was supposed to have a competitive stylus. They stuck with the Lumina so it's pretty basic. Even the Note 4 kicks Lumina's ass.; I was really hoping Microsoft would have went through with the Surface Phone Pro. Would have been a direct competitor to the Note as it was supposed to have a competitive stylus. They stuck with the Lumina so it's pretty basic. Even the Note 4 kicks Lumina's ass.
absolut-allen, 18 Sep 2016Wrong. The big mistake was rushing out a phone not giving a damn about their fans and creating... morethe second selling brand had their device bending... did it hurt the brand ! despite they did not recall, the answer is NO .....why ?? i suggest u attend some business classes....
 even the recent new device for this brand has some hearing problems and also some problems recorded with the stability of the new software update ...are they going to lower their prices !!! i dont think so .... for any answers please contact the company sales department; the second selling brand had their device bending... did it hurt the brand ! despite they did not recall, the answer is NO .....why ?? i suggest u attend some business classes....; even the recent new device for this brand has some hearing problems and also some problems recorded with the stability of the new software update ...are they going to lower their prices !!! i dont think so .... for any answers please contact the company sales department
ahmed tanveer, 18 Sep 2016I have written first ever SAMSUNG phone to have type c(which is correct). We are talking that... moreWorse gpu, CPU, chipset and processor?
 You do realize CPU, and processor, and chipset are the same thing?
 Instead of repeating the same thing in different words you can just tell "worse proccessor".; Worse gpu, CPU, chipset and processor?; You do realize CPU, and processor, and chipset are the same thing?; Instead of repeating the same thing in different words you can just tell "worse proccessor".
ahmed tanveer, 18 Sep 2016Some people are posting that note 5 is better than note 7. These people don't know anything a... moreAhmed, are you using the Note7 now? If so...kudos! This is most fantastic and superb review. It shows how far and how conversant you are with android and Samsung family. This is indeed a giant strides of high tech leap! Galaxy Note7 is a most!; Ahmed, are you using the Note7 now? If so...kudos! This is most fantastic and superb review. It shows how far and how conversant you are with android and Samsung family. This is indeed a giant strides of high tech leap! Galaxy Note7 is a most!
ahmed tanveer, 18 Sep 2016I have written first ever SAMSUNG phone to have type c(which is correct). We are talking that... moreFrom your write up, you know only a little about the Lumia devices, let me walk you through some features you don't know about, so that in the future when Samsung copies them you will be aware.
 L950xl does not have sAMOLED, but it has clear black display, which in my opinion is way better, especially for sunlight readability. Always on display was made by samsung to challenge the glance screen which is available only on Lumia devices, glance screen uses zero battery to display, it has more feature than always on, you can set any apps you to notify you on the glance screen, you can choose variety colours for it at night, you make it go away when you do not need it especially at night. The cpu, gpu, were the best as at the date of production. Snapdragon is not the maker of the processor on Sammy note 7 I cannot say which is best, but I do know that snapdragon is among the best in what they do. 3gb RAM on windows 10 mobile is more than sufficient, my guess is you might only need it when you are using continuum. As for the store, you do not know about it, so I live there.
 For heart rate, I have my Microsoft band, it measures my heart rate, my sleep, and many more health and fitness features, it is among the most accurate health/fitness band. However, when it comes to matters regarding my heart I only trust the doctors advice I do not joke with health because of a feature on a phone.
 Fingerprint scanner is not the best way of securing your device, cos when you pass out or you are asleep, anyone can swipe your finger on your device and have full access. I guess that is why note 7 has iris scanner, but I do like fingerprint scanner very much, so I agree with you on this one.
 Do you know you can hook your phone to larger screen like your TV set, the windows 10 mobile begin perform like a PC?
 Do you know that you can access you 2TB hard drive storage capacity with L950xl, just connect your continuum?
 Do you know you can use both wired and wireless keyboard and mouse on L950xl and bluetooth keyboard and mouse as well?
 Do you know that the virtue keyboard on L950(xl) is awesome; it has a joystick to move the cursor around, it can be resized, the keyboard can be moved around to any where on the screen?
 Do you know apps corner allow you to select the apps you want your friend to have access to on your device, without giving him access to EVERY other part, apps etc on the device?
 Do you know that windows 10 mobile is more secured than android?
 Do you know that all my Microsoft apps/services are available on all mobile OS? I can access to my Microsoft services irrespective of the OS which makes me more productive.
 Do you know that there are no bloatware on windows phone? Any apps that is not a traditional phone app can be deleted.
 Do you know that you can double tap on the screen to wake, and double tap on navigation area to sleep? Very useful when you holding your coffee and you want to wake/lock your phone with the other hand while your phone is lying on your desk in the office. Just double tap.
 Do you know that you can swipe from bottom to hide the navigation keys? It prevents accidental touching of the nav. keys during use, and also create more real estate for use.
 Did you notice that all features I mentioned above makes your more business productive? No gimmicks. I once had a note 3. I only use the s-pen for navigating the phone, screen shot, writing notes, creating tiny windows for viewing movies and other multitasking, I am not artist, I do not know to draw. It was a gimmick feature, just like the heart rate, can you trust it to be accurate?; From your write up, you know only a little about the Lumia devices, let me walk you through some features you don't know about, so that in the future when Samsung copies them you will be aware.; L950xl does not have sAMOLED, but it has clear black display, which in my opinion is way better, especially for sunlight readability. Always on display was made by samsung to challenge the glance screen which is available only on Lumia devices, glance screen uses zero battery to display, it has more feature than always on, you can set any apps you to notify you on the glance screen, you can choose variety colours for it at night, you make it go away when you do not need it especially at night. The cpu, gpu, were the best as at the date of production. Snapdragon is not the maker of the processor on Sammy note 7 I cannot say which is best, but I do know that snapdragon is among the best in what they do. 3gb RAM on windows 10 mobile is more than sufficient, my guess is you might only need it when you are using continuum. As for the store, you do not know about it, so I live there.; For heart rate, I have my Microsoft band, it measures my heart rate, my sleep, and many more health and fitness features, it is among the most accurate health/fitness band. However, when it comes to matters regarding my heart I only trust the doctors advice I do not joke with health because of a feature on a phone.; Fingerprint scanner is not the best way of securing your device, cos when you pass out or you are asleep, anyone can swipe your finger on your device and have full access. I guess that is why note 7 has iris scanner, but I do like fingerprint scanner very much, so I agree with you on this one.; Do you know you can hook your phone to larger screen like your TV set, the windows 10 mobile begin perform like a PC?; Do you know that you can access you 2TB hard drive storage capacity with L950xl, just connect your continuum?; Do you know you can use both wired and wireless keyboard and mouse on L950xl and bluetooth keyboard and mouse as well?; Do you know that the virtue keyboard on L950(xl) is awesome; it has a joystick to move the cursor around, it can be resized, the keyboard can be moved around to any where on the screen?; Do you know apps corner allow you to select the apps you want your friend to have access to on your device, without giving him access to EVERY other part, apps etc on the device?; Do you know that windows 10 mobile is more secured than android?; Do you know that all my Microsoft apps/services are available on all mobile OS? I can access to my Microsoft services irrespective of the OS which makes me more productive.; Do you know that there are no bloatware on windows phone? Any apps that is not a traditional phone app can be deleted.; Do you know that you can double tap on the screen to wake, and double tap on navigation area to sleep? Very useful when you holding your coffee and you want to wake/lock your phone with the other hand while your phone is lying on your desk in the office. Just double tap.; Do you know that you can swipe from bottom to hide the navigation keys? It prevents accidental touching of the nav. keys during use, and also create more real estate for use.; Did you notice that all features I mentioned above makes your more business productive? No gimmicks. I once had a note 3. I only use the s-pen for navigating the phone, screen shot, writing notes, creating tiny windows for viewing movies and other multitasking, I am not artist, I do not know to draw. It was a gimmick feature, just like the heart rate, can you trust it to be accurate?
absolut-allen, 18 Sep 2016"I hated my Note 5" Gotta love autocorrect Well nevermind, they deleted my original post because it wasn't some crap troll post. 
 
 So forget this one...; Well nevermind, they deleted my original post because it wasn't some crap troll post.; So forget this one...
[deleted post]"I hated my Note 5"
 
 Gotta love autocorrect; "I hated my Note 5"; Gotta love autocorrect
absolut-allen, 18 Sep 2016Wrong. The big mistake was rushing out a phone not giving a damn about their fans and creating... moreYup, Samsung already paying dearly for the mistake. Lowering the price for something that cost some $300 to make and charging more than twice that is the plausible move.
 
 As much as I enjoy using the Note7's capabilities like being able to draw even finer details with the improved S Pen, I have stopped using it. The probability of between 1 out of 42,000 and 1 out of 10,000 of it exploding is pretty high. I just don't want it exploding while i put it usually in my top shirt pocket.
 
 Australia, Hong Kong, and other countries are getting theirs replaced starting today. Mine's getting replaced in less than 2 weeks later.
 
 The stigma of all the trouble and reputation of Note7 exploding will not go away so soon. Parag and that other Note.5 user will be very happy to buy it some at $600 and will never admit getting it.
 
 I'm already laughing.; Yup, Samsung already paying dearly for the mistake. Lowering the price for something that cost some $300 to make and charging more than twice that is the plausible move.; As much as I enjoy using the Note7's capabilities like being able to draw even finer details with the improved S Pen, I have stopped using it. The probability of between 1 out of 42,000 and 1 out of 10,000 of it exploding is pretty high. I just don't want it exploding while i put it usually in my top shirt pocket.; Australia, Hong Kong, and other countries are getting theirs replaced starting today. Mine's getting replaced in less than 2 weeks later.; The stigma of all the trouble and reputation of Note7 exploding will not go away so soon. Parag and that other Note.5 user will be very happy to buy it some at $600 and will never admit getting it.; I'm already laughing.
ahmed tanveer, 18 Sep 2016I have written first ever SAMSUNG phone to have type c(which is correct). We are talking that... moreKID, if samsung mentioned that it is always on display supported it doesn't mean LUMIA 950 doesn't, and by the way you have mentioned cpu performance how did you compare? and regarding its store did you actually checked it out or just typed by the word of mouth.. AND LAST BUT NOT LEAST, KIDDDD,, What about Camera? .... LOLZ, I have Lumia 930 and I am ready to compete with you Samsung and Iphone Flaghship device cameras. R U READY ?; KID, if samsung mentioned that it is always on display supported it doesn't mean LUMIA 950 doesn't, and by the way you have mentioned cpu performance how did you compare? and regarding its store did you actually checked it out or just typed by the word of mouth.. AND LAST BUT NOT LEAST, KIDDDD,, What about Camera? .... LOLZ, I have Lumia 930 and I am ready to compete with you Samsung and Iphone Flaghship device cameras. R U READY ?
KHL, 18 Sep 2016if they do that ... its big mistakeWrong. The big mistake was rushing out a phone not giving a damn about their fans and creating a mess with battery issues. You don't think that hurt their brand? Go take some business classes.
 
 Aren't you the one who suggested that after all this they "raise" the price? There's no logic in that.; Wrong. The big mistake was rushing out a phone not giving a damn about their fans and creating a mess with battery issues. You don't think that hurt their brand? Go take some business classes.; Aren't you the one who suggested that after all this they "raise" the price? There's no logic in that.
ahmed tanveer, 18 Sep 2016Its price will drop surely. It will come around 700-750$(most probably).if they do that ... its big mistake; if they do that ... its big mistake
Black onyx or silver titan?; Black onyx or silver titan?
Perez5k, 18 Sep 2016Samsung note 7 is not the first phone to have iris scanner and USB type C. The first devices t... moreMake ur stats right...lumia 950 was not the first device to have iris scanner it was fugitsu phone.; Make ur stats right...lumia 950 was not the first device to have iris scanner it was fugitsu phone.
The Galaxy Note 7 is the best smart phone that I have ever owned. I say this despite the battery issue which I have full confidence that Samsung will fix. To date only 10% of the recalled Samsung smartphones have been exchanged which tells me that either people are not taking the recall seriously or they are waiting for more replacement stock to become available. I will also say that from a temperature standpoint the Galaxy Note 7 is much cooler than the Galaxy S6. Note 7 is a really nice phone and I think that once the dust settles it will become one of the top two phones out there. I think Apple has missed the mark with the iPhone 7 but, only time will tell.; The Galaxy Note 7 is the best smart phone that I have ever owned. I say this despite the battery issue which I have full confidence that Samsung will fix. To date only 10% of the recalled Samsung smartphones have been exchanged which tells me that either people are not taking the recall seriously or they are waiting for more replacement stock to become available. I will also say that from a temperature standpoint the Galaxy Note 7 is much cooler than the Galaxy S6. Note 7 is a really nice phone and I think that once the dust settles it will become one of the top two phones out there. I think Apple has missed the mark with the iPhone 7 but, only time will tell.
KHL, 18 Sep 2016well after all i believe that when Samsung fix the issue.... they shud sell the divice at a hi... moreIts price will drop surely.
 It will come around 700-750$(most probably).; Its price will drop surely.; It will come around 700-750$(most probably).
Perez5k, 18 Sep 2016Samsung note 7 is not the first phone to have iris scanner and USB type C. The first devices t... moreI have written first ever SAMSUNG phone to have type c(which is correct).
 We are talking that note 7 is better than note 5 or not.
 But even Lumia 950 or 950XL have no cgg5,no sAMOLED,no always on display,worse gpu,cpu,chipset,ram and processor,no phase detection,no fingerprint sensor,no SpO2,no heart rate,worst store.; I have written first ever SAMSUNG phone to have type c(which is correct).; We are talking that note 7 is better than note 5 or not.; But even Lumia 950 or 950XL have no cgg5,no sAMOLED,no always on display,worse gpu,cpu,chipset,ram and processor,no phase detection,no fingerprint sensor,no SpO2,no heart rate,worst store.
ahmed tanveer, 18 Sep 2016Some people are posting that note 5 is better than note 7. These people don't know anything a... moreSamsung note 7 is not the first phone to have iris scanner and USB type C. The first devices to have iris scanner are Lumia 950 and Lumia 950 xl, it was heavily criticised by android and Iphone users. Today it has become a cool feature to have, because it is on an android device, Hypocrite.
 Equally the Lumia 950 and 950 xl were the first devices to have USB type C connection/charging port, with fast charging with more than fifty percent charge in thirty minutes.; Samsung note 7 is not the first phone to have iris scanner and USB type C. The first devices to have iris scanner are Lumia 950 and Lumia 950 xl, it was heavily criticised by android and Iphone users. Today it has become a cool feature to have, because it is on an android device, Hypocrite.; Equally the Lumia 950 and 950 xl were the first devices to have USB type C connection/charging port, with fast charging with more than fifty percent charge in thirty minutes.
well after all i believe that when Samsung fix the issue.... they shud sell the divice at a higher price... if u confident of the product buy it ... if not go a way ... note 7 is a great piece.; well after all i believe that when Samsung fix the issue.... they shud sell the divice at a higher price... if u confident of the product buy it ... if not go a way ... note 7 is a great piece.
Mulan, 18 Sep 2016Oh really? That's a lot of good stuff, but how can you utilize them if you cannot even switch... moreThat's right... Keep ignoring the fact Samsung has started replacing the millions of Note7.
 
 Keep ignoring the fact people like me have powered down the Note7 more than a week now.
 
 Keep ignoring no one appreciate your ignorance.; That's right... Keep ignoring the fact Samsung has started replacing the millions of Note7.; Keep ignoring the fact people like me have powered down the Note7 more than a week now.; Keep ignoring no one appreciate your ignorance.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 17 Sep 2016Sure it still rules... After we get our safe replacements, Note.5 still has: No memory expa... moreOh really?
 That's a lot of good stuff, but how can you utilize them if you cannot even switch on this explosive?
 What is the use of them if it will explode in your pocket, car, house, etc...?
 
 Nice try, go ahead put your family in danger but don't include us!; Oh really?; That's a lot of good stuff, but how can you utilize them if you cannot even switch on this explosive?; What is the use of them if it will explode in your pocket, car, house, etc...?; Nice try, go ahead put your family in danger but don't include us!
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 17 Sep 2016Sure it still rules... After we get our safe replacements, Note.5 still has: No memory expa... moreAccording to U.S. safety regulators, in the states Samsung has received 92 reports of Galaxy Note 7 batteries overheating, 26 reports of burns and 55 reports of property damage.
 
 That is in US only, how about other countries who are in danger of this explosive?
 
 I wouldn't trade the safety of my family for all those features. NEVER!; According to U.S. safety regulators, in the states Samsung has received 92 reports of Galaxy Note 7 batteries overheating, 26 reports of burns and 55 reports of property damage.; That is in US only, how about other countries who are in danger of this explosive?; I wouldn't trade the safety of my family for all those features. NEVER!
ahmed tanveer, 18 Sep 2016Be clear. What do you want to say?Well that's all I wanted to say after reading how you get so upset over other people's opinions (or trolling). Take it easy, enjoy your phone. 
 
 Obviously the Note 5 isn't better than a next-gen Note 7. But I'll chime in and say for those who are happy with their Note 5, 7 isn't really that much better to warrant an upgrade. At least from what I've seen so far in my research.; Well that's all I wanted to say after reading how you get so upset over other people's opinions (or trolling). Take it easy, enjoy your phone.; Obviously the Note 5 isn't better than a next-gen Note 7. But I'll chime in and say for those who are happy with their Note 5, 7 isn't really that much better to warrant an upgrade. At least from what I've seen so far in my research.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 18 Sep 2016And again, we're getting replacements starting this week. NO MORE EXPLODING issue. You j... moreNah I'm good I have all the features I need with the note 5. Besides I don't need to build my ego with the latest tech lol; Nah I'm good I have all the features I need with the note 5. Besides I don't need to build my ego with the latest tech lol
absolut-allen, 18 Sep 2016Lol! Couldn't help it. Be clear.
 What do you want to say?; Be clear.; What do you want to say?
ahmed tanveer, 18 Sep 2016Some people are posting that note 5 is better than note 7. These people don't know anything a... moreBecause they can't buy the note 7 so they persuade themselves with nothing!
 We have to be honest that its the best note device now note 5 was not good at all as note 4 was better than note 5!; Because they can't buy the note 7 so they persuade themselves with nothing!; We have to be honest that its the best note device now note 5 was not good at all as note 4 was better than note 5!
ahmed tanveer, 18 Sep 2016Some people are posting that note 5 is better than note 7. These people don't know anything a... moreSame two people who are in love with the Note7, yet are just underpowered users who are definitely tech noobs. They don't know what an f/1.7 aperture sensor, with dual pixels does our mean - they're still at megapixels counting.
 
 Having no memory expansion alone makes the Note.5 entirely trying to be as limited like an iPhone.
 
 Camera of the S7/S7 Edge/Note7 still came out ahead of what iPhone7, LG V20 have - no other smartphone is able to beat the focusing speed, picture details, contrast balance, video quality, and easy interface.
 
 iPhone7/iPhone7 Plus still record in MONO!!! MONO, not stereo! Apple probably wants to finally put out stereo recording next year, and toute it as something revolutionary.; Same two people who are in love with the Note7, yet are just underpowered users who are definitely tech noobs. They don't know what an f/1.7 aperture sensor, with dual pixels does our mean - they're still at megapixels counting.; Having no memory expansion alone makes the Note.5 entirely trying to be as limited like an iPhone.; Camera of the S7/S7 Edge/Note7 still came out ahead of what iPhone7, LG V20 have - no other smartphone is able to beat the focusing speed, picture details, contrast balance, video quality, and easy interface.; iPhone7/iPhone7 Plus still record in MONO!!! MONO, not stereo! Apple probably wants to finally put out stereo recording next year, and toute it as something revolutionary.
Have compiled data, who evers N7 not exploded, pls give details, of imei etc, as to see only 1 million returned rest in circulation, what can be done to salvage rest to be blast free. Help yourself!; Have compiled data, who evers N7 not exploded, pls give details, of imei etc, as to see only 1 million returned rest in circulation, what can be done to salvage rest to be blast free. Help yourself!
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 18 Sep 2016Officially, you can, without powering it on or charging. For now while every Note7 is being re... moreHahaha! What is the use of bringing a phone that you cannot power on?
 Oh by the way, you can save battery power doing that.
 
 At least with Note 5 you can still enjoy watching videos, listening to music or take photos of anything while the transport is in motion.
 
 Poor Note 7, good for nothing!; Hahaha! What is the use of bringing a phone that you cannot power on?; Oh by the way, you can save battery power doing that.; At least with Note 5 you can still enjoy watching videos, listening to music or take photos of anything while the transport is in motion.; Poor Note 7, good for nothing!
ahmed tanveer, 18 Sep 2016Some people are posting that note 5 is better than note 7. These people don't know anything a... moreLol!
 
 Couldn't help it.; Lol!; Couldn't help it.
Some people are posting that note 5 is better than note 7.
 These people don't know anything about mobiles.
 Note 7 had only one problem(of battery) which is solved.
 Note 5 is a great phone but when you compare it with note 7,it is nothing.
 It has (first ever phone having)cgg5 on both sides,brighest phone,(first ever phone with)dual edge screen,(too much)improved s pen,IP68 certified(dust and water proof),sAMOLED 5.7 inches(big) screen,1440×2560 pixels(518 ppi pixel density),(first ever and improved)grace ui,always on display,exynos 8890 chipset(octa core with great benchmark),mali-T880m12(great gpu),4 gb ram with 64 gb rom,expandable storage,same cameras of S7E(which won a lot of awards for camera),better li-po battery,(first ever samsung phone with)type c connector,(first ever phone with)iris scanner which is great,SpO2,fast charging,wireless charging,3500mAh(large battery),HDR display.
 It is world's best.
 Note 7 has mote than 20 plus points while note 5 has too much negative points.
 So simply i want some people to shut their mouths(which are saying that note 5 is better).; Some people are posting that note 5 is better than note 7.; These people don't know anything about mobiles.; Note 7 had only one problem(of battery) which is solved.; Note 5 is a great phone but when you compare it with note 7,it is nothing.; It has (first ever phone having)cgg5 on both sides,brighest phone,(first ever phone with)dual edge screen,(too much)improved s pen,IP68 certified(dust and water proof),sAMOLED 5.7 inches(big) screen,1440×2560 pixels(518 ppi pixel density),(first ever and improved)grace ui,always on display,exynos 8890 chipset(octa core with great benchmark),mali-T880m12(great gpu),4 gb ram with 64 gb rom,expandable storage,same cameras of S7E(which won a lot of awards for camera),better li-po battery,(first ever samsung phone with)type c connector,(first ever phone with)iris scanner which is great,SpO2,fast charging,wireless charging,3500mAh(large battery),HDR display.; It is world's best.; Note 7 has mote than 20 plus points while note 5 has too much negative points.; So simply i want some people to shut their mouths(which are saying that note 5 is better).
Hawk, 16 Sep 2016Please check apple website it says 969$http://www.gsmarena.com/apple_announces_new_ipho­ne_7_6s_and_se_pricing_for_india-news-20521.php 
 Have a look at prices.; Have a look at prices.
samasung is officially getting sued in the states.
 
 http://finance.yahoo.com/news/florida-man-sues-s­amsung-says-213655174.html;_ylc=x1mdmte5nzc4nde4­nqrfzxgdmqrfexjpzankmmznodvkynrzahvobgcdzfhwcfpe­ehvjejqytmpcbu5tttbneta0wvrfeuxutxdaref0ww1nevl5­mdjar1jptvdfeu5huxpnbuk4wm1sbgjhustnreext1rnd0xt­dhoebgfuzwnlbi1vuwrvcmlnx2xhbmcdzw4eb3jpz19yzwdp­b24dq0eecg9zaziecmvnaw9ua1vtbhn5bwjvbamwmdu5mzau­s1m-?.tsrc=applewf; samasung is officially getting sued in the states.
Best phone ever built.; Best phone ever built.
Anonymous, 18 Sep 2016Yeah public transport will not refuse to board me with the Note 5. But with explosive Note 7,... moreHow about when replacement comes in.; How about when replacement comes in.
Anonymous, 18 Sep 2016Yeah public transport will not refuse to board me with the Note 5. But with explosive Note 7,... moreOfficially, you can, without powering it on or charging. For now while every Note7 is being replaced. Stop exaggerating.
 
 This is why I do think removable battery is important. Anyone can change it with a brand new one annually, and you can inspect for bulges that's a sure sign the battery needs changing.
 
 Yeah, a V20 feels very crude since it's never a Super AMOLED screen, longer battery, its screen color is not calibrated, and no S Pen.; Officially, you can, without powering it on or charging. For now while every Note7 is being replaced. Stop exaggerating.; This is why I do think removable battery is important. Anyone can change it with a brand new one annually, and you can inspect for bulges that's a sure sign the battery needs changing.; Yeah, a V20 feels very crude since it's never a Super AMOLED screen, longer battery, its screen color is not calibrated, and no S Pen.
Anonymous, 18 Sep 2016Just like the way you hold on the S pen silo issue of Note 5 when Samsung already fixed that. ... moreAnd again, we're getting replacements starting this week.
 
 NO MORE EXPLODING issue.
 
 You just drool while we use our Note7 knowing its way better than the Note.5.; And again, we're getting replacements starting this week.; NO MORE EXPLODING issue.; You just drool while we use our Note7 knowing its way better than the Note.5.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 17 Sep 2016Sure it still rules... After we get our safe replacements, Note.5 still has: No memory expa... moreYeah public transport will not refuse to board me with the Note 5.
 But with explosive Note 7, no way you can board the plane, ship, train, and even buses.
 Good luck to your car, be sure it is insured. LOL!; Yeah public transport will not refuse to board me with the Note 5.; But with explosive Note 7, no way you can board the plane, ship, train, and even buses.; Good luck to your car, be sure it is insured. LOL!
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 17 Sep 2016Sure it still rules... After we get our safe replacements, Note.5 still has: No memory expa... moreJust like the way you hold on the S pen silo issue of Note 5 when Samsung already fixed that. Safety first, all the things you mentioned are nothing compared to the safety that Note 5 gives. All of them already exploded with the Note 7.
 Good luck to your house and car. By the way, once your beloved Note 7 exploded, goodbye to your files in the 256GB microSD card.
 At least the 64GB Note 5 will not EXPLODE!; Just like the way you hold on the S pen silo issue of Note 5 when Samsung already fixed that. Safety first, all the things you mentioned are nothing compared to the safety that Note 5 gives. All of them already exploded with the Note 7.; Good luck to your house and car. By the way, once your beloved Note 7 exploded, goodbye to your files in the 256GB microSD card.; At least the 64GB Note 5 will not EXPLODE!
Anonymous, 18 Sep 2016other then an exploding feature and a downsized camera quality nothing new about this and the ... moreAnd your LG G5 is better? Sorry, but we're getting the error-free replacements starting tomorrow.; And your LG G5 is better? Sorry, but we're getting the error-free replacements starting tomorrow.
Anonymous, 18 Sep 2016other then an exploding feature and a downsized camera quality nothing new about this and the ... moreHuh...lgg5?...hahahaa....; Huh...lgg5?...hahahaa....
other then an exploding feature and a downsized camera quality nothing new about this and the note 5? so nothing new, why should I get this? unreal. Last year, note 4 to note 5, another downsize, getting rid of the sd card slot, wtf is samsung thinking, and you guys are saying this is the best phone on the market? how the hell did you guys even come to that conclusion, that a phone causes houses to burn down? I'm happy with my lgg5.; other then an exploding feature and a downsized camera quality nothing new about this and the note 5? so nothing new, why should I get this? unreal. Last year, note 4 to note 5, another downsize, getting rid of the sd card slot, wtf is samsung thinking, and you guys are saying this is the best phone on the market? how the hell did you guys even come to that conclusion, that a phone causes houses to burn down? I'm happy with my lgg5.
Butuh tupau masing, 18 Sep 2016Nice phonelove this sarcasm. :); love this sarcasm. :)
Nice phone; Nice phone
Note 7 is the best phone right now but it has a bad luck with the new SDI battery!; Note 7 is the best phone right now but it has a bad luck with the new SDI battery!
PARAG B, 02 Sep 2016Dude dont simply assume what i think. Lol 9mp 4.3 (note7) < 16mp 16.9 (note5) photos and... moreAnd how's your prospects of getting the V20..? Test results have shown its screen as inaccurate color calibration. Hehe. Its camera can't match the S7/Note7.; And how's your prospects of getting the V20..? Test results have shown its screen as inaccurate color calibration. Hehe. Its camera can't match the S7/Note7.
PARAG B, 17 Sep 2016wow assumptions at its best.It's not an "assumption" on my part. YOU already TOLD us you were set to get the Note7 "shortly"... 
 
 http://flic.kr/p/MbJn4F; It's not an "assumption" on my part. YOU already TOLD us you were set to get the Note7 "shortly"...
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 17 Sep 2016"...most of the points you have written are incorrect "? Like which ones specifically? I bet... morewow assumptions at its best.; wow assumptions at its best.
Will any one clarify me whether the Galaxy Note 7 bears Li-Po or Li-on battery?; Will any one clarify me whether the Galaxy Note 7 bears Li-Po or Li-on battery?
WOW! It's like my Note 4, with 1 more GB of RAM (which it didn't even need). Lol. Smh Samsung.; WOW! It's like my Note 4, with 1 more GB of RAM (which it didn't even need). Lol. Smh Samsung.
Equinox Hydroid, 16 Sep 2016You know that S7 edge and note 7 are much better Dear I have experience note 7 phone that he really impressive in everything
 Camera
 Desgin
 Everything 
 Best phone in the world
 Only bad luck battery
 But when you change the battery would be a different matter; Dear I have experience note 7 phone that he really impressive in everything; Camera; Desgin; Everything; Best phone in the world; Only bad luck battery; But when you change the battery would be a different matter
PARAG B, 17 Sep 2016most of the points you have written are incorrect ,note5 doesnt come with a possibility of exp... more"...most of the points you have written are incorrect "?
 Like which ones specifically?
 I bet you'll just say the camera has less megapixel again...
 
 As I have said, all Note7 bought are being replaced with a safe new one. What part of that did you not understand? My carrier will start exchanging units like mine in 2 weeks, and I'm very sure the exploding probability is non-issue.
 
 And again, you said you'll get a Note7 "shortly". One more month for India. You must be very excited to get the gold platinum.; "...most of the points you have written are incorrect "?; Like which ones specifically?; I bet you'll just say the camera has less megapixel again...; As I have said, all Note7 bought are being replaced with a safe new one. What part of that did you not understand? My carrier will start exchanging units like mine in 2 weeks, and I'm very sure the exploding probability is non-issue.; And again, you said you'll get a Note7 "shortly". One more month for India. You must be very excited to get the gold platinum.
Hawk , 17 Sep 2016So you mean they have to wait 3 week more with blasting device?You need a psychiatrist.
 It will not have any problem as it is approved by CPSC(Customer Product Safety Commission).
 Yeah!I can wait for 3 weeks for the best phone.; You need a psychiatrist.; It will not have any problem as it is approved by CPSC(Customer Product Safety Commission).; Yeah!I can wait for 3 weeks for the best phone.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 17 Sep 2016Sure it still rules... After we get our safe replacements, Note.5 still has: No memory expa... moremost of the points you have written are incorrect ,note5 doesnt come with a possibility of exploding .and no its not a joke,the exploding issue is as serious as that.; most of the points you have written are incorrect ,note5 doesnt come with a possibility of exploding .and no its not a joke,the exploding issue is as serious as that.
ahmed tanveer, 17 Sep 2016You didn't read those links carefully. It is written that note 7 will be available all around... moreSo you mean they have to wait 3 week more with blasting device?; So you mean they have to wait 3 week more with blasting device?
samrose, 17 Sep 2016not CCG 5. drop test by androidauthority. http://www.androidauthority.com/galaxy-note-7-vs-ip... moreAre you mad?
 Where it is written that it is not a cgg5 or when did he say that in the video?
 It just cracked earlier than iPhone 7 because it has both sides glass.; Are you mad?; Where it is written that it is not a cgg5 or when did he say that in the video?; It just cracked earlier than iPhone 7 because it has both sides glass.
Hawk, 16 Sep 2016I think you dont own note 7 Ask people who are using it You saying Canada is replacing it, w... moreYou didn't read those links carefully.
 It is written that note 7 will be available all around the world on 1st week of October.; You didn't read those links carefully.; It is written that note 7 will be available all around the world on 1st week of October.
Mulan, 16 Sep 2016Note 5 still rules!Sure it still rules... After we get our safe replacements, Note.5 still has:
 
 No memory expansion
 No water-resistance
 No better camera sensor
 No better screen HDR chip
 No bigger battery capacity
 No better S Pen
 No curved screen functions
 No iris scanner 
 No dual SIM option
 No secure folder
 No new power saving modes
 No new S Pen functions like glance, magnify, GIF create
 No better processor
 No faster USB Type C connection 
 No balanced smoother design.
 
 You're still holding on to the old exploding jokes that's already old as we're starting to get our safe units.
 
 While you say you're not getting this fire safety issues, Samsung speed selling the first batch WEEKS ago.
 
 Once regular sales start of batches with the correct battery, we're still getting the best-features device of the year.; Sure it still rules... After we get our safe replacements, Note.5 still has:; No memory expansion; No water-resistance; No better camera sensor; No better screen HDR chip; No bigger battery capacity; No better S Pen; No curved screen functions; No iris scanner; No dual SIM option; No secure folder; No new power saving modes; No new S Pen functions like glance, magnify, GIF create; No better processor; No faster USB Type C connection; No balanced smoother design.; You're still holding on to the old exploding jokes that's already old as we're starting to get our safe units.; While you say you're not getting this fire safety issues, Samsung speed selling the first batch WEEKS ago.; Once regular sales start of batches with the correct battery, we're still getting the best-features device of the year.
S . SUDHAKAR, 16 Sep 2016Note 4 rocks. Note 7 and S7 edge explodes. Lol.Only 50% take up take up the replacement programme here in spore....and Samsung will not upadate their software here that limit battery charging to 60%.
 Most of us here are still using the same note 7 that we purchased when it launched........
 ....superb and great performance....no issue of hot while charging or explode that make a big hu hahhhh.......
 .....No note 7 replacement is required; Only 50% take up take up the replacement programme here in spore....and Samsung will not upadate their software here that limit battery charging to 60%.; Most of us here are still using the same note 7 that we purchased when it launched........; ....superb and great performance....no issue of hot while charging or explode that make a big hu hahhhh.......; .....No note 7 replacement is required
not CCG 5. drop test by androidauthority.
 http://www.androidauthority.com/galaxy-note-7-vs­-iphone-7-7-plus-drop-test-716938/; not CCG 5. drop test by androidauthority.
[deleted post]And YOU still say, "I will get the Note7 shortly", despite at all your claims of it being a "downgrade" from your Note.5.
 
 Our Note7s have started being replaced. You just wait for your unit this October 15.; And YOU still say, "I will get the Note7 shortly", despite at all your claims of it being a "downgrade" from your Note.5.; Our Note7s have started being replaced. You just wait for your unit this October 15.
ahmed tanveer, 16 Sep 2016http://www.gsmarena.com/galaxy_note7_sales_will_resume_on_september_28_-news-20555.php http... moreI think you dont own note 7
 Ask people who are using it
 You saying Canada is replacing it, what about rest of the world?
 They also want replacement, can you make it?
 I dont need links to read all that which is going on all over place.; I think you dont own note 7; Ask people who are using it; You saying Canada is replacing it, what about rest of the world?; They also want replacement, can you make it?; I dont need links to read all that which is going on all over place.
Hawk, 16 Sep 2016All right samsung boy you won My friend bought note 7 and he is afraid while using it You sa... morehttp://www.gsmarena.com/galaxy_note7_sales_will_­resume_on_september_28_-news-20555.php 
 
 http://www.gsmarena.com/us_consumer_product_safe­ty_commission_cpsc_announces_official_recall_of_­samsung_galaxy_note7-news-20537.php 
 
 http://www.gsmarena.com/replacement_samsung_gala­xy_note7_units_start_arriving_in_canada-news-205­41.php 
 
 Just see these.
 You will get all answers.; Just see these.; You will get all answers.
ahmed tanveer, 16 Sep 2016Are you serious? iPhone 7+ 256 GB is 1400$(WAKE UP). Note 7 4 GB is 800$. Note 7s is going ... morePlease check apple website it says 969$; Please check apple website it says 969$
ANONIMUS PRIME, 16 Sep 2016then why don't you buy a nokia 3310 instead? Quality phone for quality people like you, for ca... moreAll right samsung boy you won
 My friend bought note 7 and he is afraid while using it
 You said they are calling it back its been 3 weeks samsung said they will call for replacement.
 He is so sad that he sold S7
 Good luck with your Note 7; All right samsung boy you won; My friend bought note 7 and he is afraid while using it; You said they are calling it back its been 3 weeks samsung said they will call for replacement.; He is so sad that he sold S7; Good luck with your Note 7
Hawk, 16 Sep 2016I dont think note 7 for 900$ is cheap phone But i would say if you want to buy blasting devic... moreAre you serious?
 iPhone 7+ 256 GB is 1400$(WAKE UP).
 Note 7 4 GB is 800$.
 Note 7s is going to release on 28th September with approval of CPSC(Customer Product Safety Commission).
 In short,it wont have any burning(and other) problems.; Are you serious?; iPhone 7+ 256 GB is 1400$(WAKE UP).; Note 7 4 GB is 800$.; Note 7s is going to release on 28th September with approval of CPSC(Customer Product Safety Commission).; In short,it wont have any burning(and other) problems.
Mulan, 16 Sep 2016Note 5 still rules!You know that S7 edge and note 7 are much better; You know that S7 edge and note 7 are much better
Note 4 rocks. Note 7 and S7 edge explodes. Lol.; Note 4 rocks. Note 7 and S7 edge explodes. Lol.
Mulan, 16 Sep 2016Note 5 still rules!Just wake up already man; Just wake up already man
Mulan, 16 Sep 2016Note 5 still rules!dont try to fool yourself; dont try to fool yourself
IÂ’m an owner of the Note series phone form the 1st one released to the 4th.
 I still can't stop thinking why Samsung havenÂ’t done their homework with regards to this new Unit? It seems they just in a rush to release a Note version, after skipping the Note 6 or forgetting about it, too busy with the S7. Now another blunder a faulty Note 7? I mean even the Note 5 hasnÂ’t got wow
 Specs! Even lost the IR now itÂ’s becoming tragic.
 Come on Samsung really!; IÂ’m an owner of the Note series phone form the 1st one released to the 4th.; I still can't stop thinking why Samsung havenÂ’t done their homework with regards to this new Unit? It seems they just in a rush to release a Note version, after skipping the Note 6 or forgetting about it, too busy with the S7. Now another blunder a faulty Note 7? I mean even the Note 5 hasnÂ’t got wow; Specs! Even lost the IR now itÂ’s becoming tragic.; Come on Samsung really!
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 16 Sep 2016Yeah, except you can't buy a Note7 as Samsung has STOPPED selling WEEKS AGO.Note 5 still rules!; Note 5 still rules!
ANONIMUS PRIME, 16 Sep 2016then why don't you buy a nokia 3310 instead? Quality phone for quality people like you, for ca... moreTell me where i can find 3310; Tell me where i can find 3310
Hawk, 16 Sep 2016Lol This nothing new Everyone one knows But still people buy iphone Because quality people... morethen why don't you buy a nokia 3310 instead? Quality phone for quality people like you, for calling/texting. No computer features. Indestructible.; then why don't you buy a nokia 3310 instead? Quality phone for quality people like you, for calling/texting. No computer features. Indestructible.
SOHAN SAIF, 16 Sep 2016i've purchased a samsung galaxy note 7 SM-N9300 from china with 2years international warranty ... moreI wonder what "international warranty" means?; I wonder what "international warranty" means?
i've purchased a samsung galaxy note 7 SM-N9300 from china with 2years international warranty with exchange offer.... can i exchange it from AUSTRALIA? expert opinion please....; i've purchased a samsung galaxy note 7 SM-N9300 from china with 2years international warranty with exchange offer.... can i exchange it from AUSTRALIA? expert opinion please....
Sarmad, 16 Sep 2016Dear Friends Has Note 7 exploded anywhere else other than USA. I haven't heard any incident r... moreDo your own homework. Called doing some research. Then you'll see where the issues are.
 
 Don't worry, won't need to cite or provide references lol; Do your own homework. Called doing some research. Then you'll see where the issues are.; Don't worry, won't need to cite or provide references lol
Dear Friends
 Has Note 7 exploded anywhere else other than USA. I haven't heard any incident report in Europe or India. The problem is that many like me got hold of the phone prior to its official release, and are not covered by warranty or exchange. I just wanna know if they have exploded all around the world, otherwise people are saying that it could be US only issue and there is very little chance of it exploding otherwise. only 70 out of 2.5 million and all in USA? Any comments please; Dear Friends; Has Note 7 exploded anywhere else other than USA. I haven't heard any incident report in Europe or India. The problem is that many like me got hold of the phone prior to its official release, and are not covered by warranty or exchange. I just wanna know if they have exploded all around the world, otherwise people are saying that it could be US only issue and there is very little chance of it exploding otherwise. only 70 out of 2.5 million and all in USA? Any comments please
ahmed tanveer, 16 Sep 2016Haters.Time to be quiet. The new Note 7s is arriving before October worldwide with the approv... morethats wright; thats wright
When galaxy note 7 will be available in india; When galaxy note 7 will be available in india
ahmed tanveer, 16 Sep 2016So,you believe that phone is only for calls and messages. So,you should buy nokia 3310 instea... moreI dont think note 7 for 900$ is cheap phone
 But i would say if you want to buy blasting device for 900$, go ahead
 And iphone 7 plus 256GB is not even touching 1000$; I dont think note 7 for 900$ is cheap phone; But i would say if you want to buy blasting device for 900$, go ahead; And iphone 7 plus 256GB is not even touching 1000$
ahmed tanveer, 16 Sep 2016Apple has blind fan following. Slight/Almsot no design change. They removed headphone slot a... moreReally no need to convince me or anyone else here what iPhones can't do. There are a couple Apple trolls here but the majority are Note fans just trying to put it all together. Why take the features away that previous Note phones had, why adopt features that iPhone has or has had? 
 
 Why release your flagship earlier and now have to re-release the same phone while losing billions? Look; I'm on the same team as you are and our team just screwed up badly. Now all I see is jokes about exploding phones and iPhone 7 blowing up their presells. It's annoying....; Really no need to convince me or anyone else here what iPhones can't do. There are a couple Apple trolls here but the majority are Note fans just trying to put it all together. Why take the features away that previous Note phones had, why adopt features that iPhone has or has had?; Why release your flagship earlier and now have to re-release the same phone while losing billions? Look; I'm on the same team as you are and our team just screwed up badly. Now all I see is jokes about exploding phones and iPhone 7 blowing up their presells. It's annoying....
absolut-allen, 16 Sep 2016I can't stand Apple phones, but to be honest this whole big list you spent all your time writi... moreApple has blind fan following.
 Slight/Almsot no design change.
 They removed headphone slot and call it innovation.
 They have wireless headphones but no wireless charging.
 It has no new feature except benchmarks.
 Small battery,not the best camera.
 Don't be fooled after buying a phone with only one plus point(compared to high end phones) which is best benchmarks.
 Yeah!iPhone 7/7+ are the fastest phones but not worth 900$/1300$.; Apple has blind fan following.; Slight/Almsot no design change.; They removed headphone slot and call it innovation.; They have wireless headphones but no wireless charging.; It has no new feature except benchmarks.; Small battery,not the best camera.; Don't be fooled after buying a phone with only one plus point(compared to high end phones) which is best benchmarks.; Yeah!iPhone 7/7+ are the fastest phones but not worth 900$/1300$.
absolut-allen, 16 Sep 2016So, the new (Note that doesn't burn up) is being released "after" the iPhone 7 now? Funny beca... moreIt would not released before march even if it is released too early.
 Because Samsung are not be willing to release their exynos 8895 too early.; It would not released before march even if it is released too early.; Because Samsung are not be willing to release their exynos 8895 too early.
Hawk, 16 Sep 2016Lol This nothing new Everyone one knows But still people buy iphone Because quality people... moreSo,you believe that phone is only for calls and messages.
 So,you should buy nokia 3310 instead of 1000$ iPhone.
 What ever anybody says apple is too much overpriced.; So,you believe that phone is only for calls and messages.; So,you should buy nokia 3310 instead of 1000$ iPhone.; What ever anybody says apple is too much overpriced.
SOHAN SAIF, 16 Sep 2016i've purchased a samsung galaxy note 7 SM-N9300 from china with 2years international warranty ... moreI Think you need to exchange from the retailer you got it at.; I Think you need to exchange from the retailer you got it at.
ahmed tanveer, 16 Sep 2016New Note 7s has started selling in Canada and will start selling worldwide before October(most... moreI can't stand Apple phones, but to be honest this whole big list you spent all your time writing; iPhone users don't care about that! If they did they wouldn't be going nuts over their iPhones. 
 
 Samsung shouldn't care either, they should focus on the features "that made the Note what it is."; I can't stand Apple phones, but to be honest this whole big list you spent all your time writing; iPhone users don't care about that! If they did they wouldn't be going nuts over their iPhones.; Samsung shouldn't care either, they should focus on the features "that made the Note what it is."
ahmed tanveer, 16 Sep 2016New Note 7s has started selling in Canada and will start selling worldwide before October(most... moreLol
 This nothing new
 Everyone one knows
 But still people buy iphone
 Because quality people buy good phone
 And phone is mainly for calling
 Rest features are available in desktop or notebook 
 And desktop or laptop is in every house or office
 No one use cellular data for downloading
 Wifi is in every house or office
 So no point compairing all features which computer has; Lol; This nothing new; Everyone one knows; But still people buy iphone; Because quality people buy good phone; And phone is mainly for calling; Rest features are available in desktop or notebook; And desktop or laptop is in every house or office; No one use cellular data for downloading; Wifi is in every house or office; So no point compairing all features which computer has
ahmed tanveer, 16 Sep 2016Haters.Time to be quiet. The new Note 7s is arriving before October worldwide with the approv... moreSo, the new (Note that doesn't burn up) is being released "after" the iPhone 7 now? Funny because they specifically released the Note 7 early to get ahead of Apple sales. Talk about huge backfire due to obsessing over Apple.
 
 Now they are talking about releasing the S8 early in hopes to make up for some of the "billions" lost because of this fiasco.; So, the new (Note that doesn't burn up) is being released "after" the iPhone 7 now? Funny because they specifically released the Note 7 early to get ahead of Apple sales. Talk about huge backfire due to obsessing over Apple.; Now they are talking about releasing the S8 early in hopes to make up for some of the "billions" lost because of this fiasco.
Mulan, 16 Sep 2016Don't burn your hard earned money and put your family in danger with this explosive phone. ... moreYeah, except you can't buy a Note7 as Samsung has STOPPED selling WEEKS AGO.; Yeah, except you can't buy a Note7 as Samsung has STOPPED selling WEEKS AGO.
Don't burn your hard earned money and put your family in danger with this explosive phone.
 
 Note 5 is far better and SAFE than this IED (improvised explosive device) phone.
 
 Everyone should avoid this phone.; Don't burn your hard earned money and put your family in danger with this explosive phone.; Note 5 is far better and SAFE than this IED (improvised explosive device) phone.; Everyone should avoid this phone.
i've purchased a samsung galaxy note 7 SM-N9300 from china with 2years international warranty with exchange offer.... can i exchange it from AUSTRALIA?; i've purchased a samsung galaxy note 7 SM-N9300 from china with 2years international warranty with exchange offer.... can i exchange it from AUSTRALIA?
Haters.Time to be quiet.
 The new Note 7s is arriving before October worldwide with the approval of CPSC(Customer Product Safety Commision).
 It will be safe as any other mobile.; Haters.Time to be quiet.; The new Note 7s is arriving before October worldwide with the approval of CPSC(Customer Product Safety Commision).; It will be safe as any other mobile.
Sam, 16 Sep 2016I was Royal Fan of Samsung but after this is a note 7 blast I'm really depressed and I just wa... moreNew Note 7s has started selling in Canada and will start selling worldwide before October(most probably).
 And it will be safe and will not burn like note 7.
 Even if you want to skip note 7.Then apple is not the best choice.
 Apple has too much disadvantages=
 No headphone slot
 More than 1000$(7/7+)
 Torrent apps (unless jailbreak) 
 Sideloading apps (unless jailbreak) 
 File manager app (ES File Explorer rules!) 
 Software updates that lags your iPhone after in
 Multiple video codec support (can't read MKV or AVI) 
 No VR
 No micro-sd slot
 No app gestures 
 No custom launchers 
 No ability to change icon pack
 No drawer or ability to hide apps
 Can't make apps your default 
 Sharing within the apps is limited 
 No fast charging
 No longer tops in camera
 No longer tops in battery life 
 No longer tops in design
 No IR blaster
 No removable battery 
 No FM radio
 No 2K resolutions yet
 Terrible value/feature ratio
 iPhone 7 is barely getting dust/water resistance 
 iPhone 7 is barely getting wireless charging 
 iTunes is still the crux to handle all your media
 Can't delete photo albums unless synced to computer
 Can't mass delete videos and music (no select all) 
 Can't have a mini-video player while doing something else
 No back button so mandatory home presses 
 No double tap to wake or sleep 
 Can't Bluetooth data transfer
 iOS doesn't have QuickPic (photos & videos viewer) 
 iOS doesn't have MX Player for background play
 iOS runs well because can't do much in the background 
 iOS = the mobile OS built for rich or tech dummies; New Note 7s has started selling in Canada and will start selling worldwide before October(most probably).; And it will be safe and will not burn like note 7.; Even if you want to skip note 7.Then apple is not the best choice.; Apple has too much disadvantages=; No headphone slot; More than 1000$(7/7+); Torrent apps (unless jailbreak); Sideloading apps (unless jailbreak); File manager app (ES File Explorer rules!); Software updates that lags your iPhone after in; Multiple video codec support (can't read MKV or AVI); No VR; No micro-sd slot; No app gestures; No custom launchers; No ability to change icon pack; No drawer or ability to hide apps; Can't make apps your default; Sharing within the apps is limited; No fast charging; No longer tops in camera; No longer tops in battery life; No longer tops in design; No IR blaster; No removable battery; No FM radio; No 2K resolutions yet; Terrible value/feature ratio; iPhone 7 is barely getting dust/water resistance; iPhone 7 is barely getting wireless charging; iTunes is still the crux to handle all your media; Can't delete photo albums unless synced to computer; Can't mass delete videos and music (no select all); Can't have a mini-video player while doing something else; No back button so mandatory home presses; No double tap to wake or sleep; Can't Bluetooth data transfer; iOS doesn't have QuickPic (photos & videos viewer); iOS doesn't have MX Player for background play; iOS runs well because can't do much in the background; iOS = the mobile OS built for rich or tech dummies
mt864963, 16 Sep 2016DonÂ’t buy this phone. It really explodes. I hope you are not the unlucky one to have this and... moreI am not taking side of Samsung but they have started solving this problem.
 New Note 7s has started selling in Canada and will start selling worldwide before October(most probably).
 And it will be safe and will not burn like note 7.; I am not taking side of Samsung but they have started solving this problem.; New Note 7s has started selling in Canada and will start selling worldwide before October(most probably).; And it will be safe and will not burn like note 7.
i've purchased a samsung galaxy note 7 with 1year international warranty with exchange offer from china...can i exchange it from australia? expert opinion please...; i've purchased a samsung galaxy note 7 with 1year international warranty with exchange offer from china...can i exchange it from australia? expert opinion please...
DonÂ’t buy this phone. It really explodes. I hope you are not the unlucky one to have this and get your money wasted. I was about to buy this but I thought it would be dangerous to be left charging at home. This is already banned in airports.; DonÂ’t buy this phone. It really explodes. I hope you are not the unlucky one to have this and get your money wasted. I was about to buy this but I thought it would be dangerous to be left charging at home. This is already banned in airports.
Still i chose Samsung Note 7 for better specs and quality.
 deface only its battery not its motherboard. And i love android more then apple; Still i chose Samsung Note 7 for better specs and quality.; deface only its battery not its motherboard. And i love android more then apple
I was Royal Fan of Samsung but after this is a note 7 blast I'm really depressed and I just want to switch over iPhone because your Samsung prove that is they can't compare the quality with iPhone where in the iPhone this kind of things rarely happened and is now s7 in USA also blast so it's very critical situation for Samsung to just check it out everywhere they mobile got delivered; I was Royal Fan of Samsung but after this is a note 7 blast I'm really depressed and I just want to switch over iPhone because your Samsung prove that is they can't compare the quality with iPhone where in the iPhone this kind of things rarely happened and is now s7 in USA also blast so it's very critical situation for Samsung to just check it out everywhere they mobile got delivered
It's September 21 st
 The replacement
 
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6tfbv_26ziE; It's September 21 st; The replacement
Savor, 15 Sep 2016The moment I read Samsung wants to release the S8 sooner and stop ads in Korea, I knew they fi... moreTrue. White flag for Note7. Iphone 7 wins this year. Ok. Like you said, sweep it under the rug and move on to S8. Get over it! On the bright side, Note7 is not actually banned, like 'Note7 not allowed' signboard everywhere don't make sense. They are allowed only if you turn it off or have the new 'safe' units. Safe unit comes from the new box with 'S' sign and green battery indicator but this only available after 19 Sept. The replaced unit in US is indistinguishable from the unreplaced unit so, banning every Note7 including the safe ones don't work well. OTA update to cap 60% battery; not everyone is updating their phone. Remotely deactivate; goodbye to your unreplaced, unupdated Note7 by 30th Sept. Its one way or another. Samsung trying to clean this huge mess before October. Producing S8 and securing supplies for S8 should be the main priority by now. Launch for S8 is only 5 months away. Could be earlier. They ditch SDI so, ATL is the only supplier for now. Rushing for 5 months. We don't want another exploding phone do we? So, time to ditch Note7.; True. White flag for Note7. Iphone 7 wins this year. Ok. Like you said, sweep it under the rug and move on to S8. Get over it! On the bright side, Note7 is not actually banned, like 'Note7 not allowed' signboard everywhere don't make sense. They are allowed only if you turn it off or have the new 'safe' units. Safe unit comes from the new box with 'S' sign and green battery indicator but this only available after 19 Sept. The replaced unit in US is indistinguishable from the unreplaced unit so, banning every Note7 including the safe ones don't work well. OTA update to cap 60% battery; not everyone is updating their phone. Remotely deactivate; goodbye to your unreplaced, unupdated Note7 by 30th Sept. Its one way or another. Samsung trying to clean this huge mess before October. Producing S8 and securing supplies for S8 should be the main priority by now. Launch for S8 is only 5 months away. Could be earlier. They ditch SDI so, ATL is the only supplier for now. Rushing for 5 months. We don't want another exploding phone do we? So, time to ditch Note7.
Anonymous, 15 Sep 2016I would just say one thing to the Note 7 haters. iPhone had the hairgate issue and the bendgat... moreI dont know why peoples are saying that samsung is doing good job for recall and apple is had because they did not after bend test.
 Well i dont concern bend as life threaten, if it was, apple would have ruined for life time and their recall would be waste.
 
 Since samsung is for multi tasking their fan following, mostly teenagers would not jump to iphone, i know that. But still samsung should have taken proper test and launch it same day on iphone so new smart phone purchaser would choose carefully
 
 Now lots of Note 7 users are upset and wanted to jump on iphone.
 
 So in the end samsung lost image and customer to apple; I dont know why peoples are saying that samsung is doing good job for recall and apple is had because they did not after bend test.; Well i dont concern bend as life threaten, if it was, apple would have ruined for life time and their recall would be waste.; Since samsung is for multi tasking their fan following, mostly teenagers would not jump to iphone, i know that. But still samsung should have taken proper test and launch it same day on iphone so new smart phone purchaser would choose carefully; Now lots of Note 7 users are upset and wanted to jump on iphone.; So in the end samsung lost image and customer to apple
G chand, 15 Sep 2016When they (samsung) are replacing again after the global recall?ditto; ditto
losethespoof, 15 Sep 2016this is a galaxy not an iphone the S series is classified as the S7, this is a Note series. IE... morePlease read a lot about the S version of note 7
 S refers to safe as it will be printed on the box
 
 http://www.sammobile.com/2016/09/15/samsung-may-­use-a-new-green-battery-icon-to-indicate-safe-ga­laxy-note-7s/; Please read a lot about the S version of note 7; S refers to safe as it will be printed on the box
Equinox Hydroid, 15 Sep 2016Just wait more 2 months to get the 's' versionthis is a galaxy not an iphone the S series is classified as the S7, this is a Note series. IE, the new version of the Note 5.; this is a galaxy not an iphone the S series is classified as the S7, this is a Note series. IE, the new version of the Note 5.
Sammy,
 
 Next time, give us removeable batteries. It is easy to replace and detect if there is an bulge in the battery.; Sammy,; Next time, give us removeable batteries. It is easy to replace and detect if there is an bulge in the battery.
The moment I read Samsung wants to release the S8 sooner and stop ads in Korea, I knew they finally raised the white flag on the Note7. Sweep it under the rug and forget about it. Seems like Note7 is getting banned everywhere including NYC subways.; The moment I read Samsung wants to release the S8 sooner and stop ads in Korea, I knew they finally raised the white flag on the Note7. Sweep it under the rug and forget about it. Seems like Note7 is getting banned everywhere including NYC subways.
omsharad, 15 Sep 2016waiting since two month for note 7 .....how many days i have to waiting for note 7 ?Note 7 battery problem is a punishment for Samsung being one of a very greedy companies:
 1) Galaxy c7 excellent phone with a normal flat display and much cheaper than Note Series
 and yet no 4G LTE bands for USA
 2) Galaxy A9 pro (2016) is the best flat display phone with 5000 mAh battery!, 6.0 inch display , cheaper than Note series and yet only LTE band 4 for USA , while important LTE band 12 is missing (and the only reason there is even an LTE band 4 , is because some Asian operators now using this band since this year or since late of last year) 
 Cleay Samsung is pushing overpriced Note Series for USA market. And to make it worse there is even no flat display options for Note 7!; Note 7 battery problem is a punishment for Samsung being one of a very greedy companies:; 1) Galaxy c7 excellent phone with a normal flat display and much cheaper than Note Series; and yet no 4G LTE bands for USA; 2) Galaxy A9 pro (2016) is the best flat display phone with 5000 mAh battery!, 6.0 inch display , cheaper than Note series and yet only LTE band 4 for USA , while important LTE band 12 is missing (and the only reason there is even an LTE band 4 , is because some Asian operators now using this band since this year or since late of last year); Cleay Samsung is pushing overpriced Note Series for USA market. And to make it worse there is even no flat display options for Note 7!
Don't burn your money with this explosive phone.
 
 Note 5 is far better and SAFE than this IED (improvised explosive device).; Don't burn your money with this explosive phone.; Note 5 is far better and SAFE than this IED (improvised explosive device).
G chand, 15 Sep 2016When they (samsung) are replacing again after the global recall?Just wait more 2 months to get the 's' version; Just wait more 2 months to get the 's' version
G chand chakma, 15 Sep 2016I don't means that I hate the note 7 but it is about fear from its battery several accidents, ... moreWait for the note 7 's' the safe version with the green battery icon in its UI; Wait for the note 7 's' the safe version with the green battery icon in its UI
Mrlapa, 15 Sep 2016Initially i wanted to upgrade from note 4 to NOTE7 The only thing that stopped me was not the ... moreits not proprietary, usb type C is the step forward from the micro usb standard; its not proprietary, usb type C is the step forward from the micro usb standard
I don't means that I hate the note 7 but it is about fear from its battery several accidents, and Im still waiting for it, without the battery problems it is the best Android phone ever.; I don't means that I hate the note 7 but it is about fear from its battery several accidents, and Im still waiting for it, without the battery problems it is the best Android phone ever.
When they (samsung) are replacing again after the global recall?; When they (samsung) are replacing again after the global recall?
I bought the note 7 with pre-order. My experience with 4 year note-2 was very good and I did not have much interest for iphone primarily due to it's proprietary interests. In fact I was more than happy with Note 2 for my needs and I liked the pen functionality. Now the debate is if I want to wait for the fix and continue to use note 7 or change to a another phone. My preference for an alternative phone can be; note-5, s7 edge, or iphone 7 plus in a far distance. I am not overly loyal to Samsung but I have no reason to note series yet. Even though note 5 is a recent model, note 7 has significantly faster processor and other functionalities such as a very good camera, audio recording system, and (hopefully) better fixed battery. From the negative aspect, airlines may continue to have a ban for some time. That can be an issue but I travel 2-3 trips during a year. I live in Brisbane, my phone service informed me that I can cancel my contract and go to another phone within 3 days or so. Currently I use loan phone s7 edge but still like the note 7 functions.; I bought the note 7 with pre-order. My experience with 4 year note-2 was very good and I did not have much interest for iphone primarily due to it's proprietary interests. In fact I was more than happy with Note 2 for my needs and I liked the pen functionality. Now the debate is if I want to wait for the fix and continue to use note 7 or change to a another phone. My preference for an alternative phone can be; note-5, s7 edge, or iphone 7 plus in a far distance. I am not overly loyal to Samsung but I have no reason to note series yet. Even though note 5 is a recent model, note 7 has significantly faster processor and other functionalities such as a very good camera, audio recording system, and (hopefully) better fixed battery. From the negative aspect, airlines may continue to have a ban for some time. That can be an issue but I travel 2-3 trips during a year. I live in Brisbane, my phone service informed me that I can cancel my contract and go to another phone within 3 days or so. Currently I use loan phone s7 edge but still like the note 7 functions.
george-kh, 14 Sep 2016Note 7 3500 mah now limited to 60%. And 60% of 3500 os 2100 what a joke on a ~900$ phone and a... moreDont be an idiot
 this is only temporary measures; Dont be an idiot; this is only temporary measures
i dont care, manufacturing defects are common when it comes to electronics. im very sure samsung will get this fixed and come back like a champion. im a note user, been buying all the notes and now im using note 5 -- i'll wait for note 7; i dont care, manufacturing defects are common when it comes to electronics. im very sure samsung will get this fixed and come back like a champion. im a note user, been buying all the notes and now im using note 5 -- i'll wait for note 7
I would just say one thing to the Note 7 haters. iPhone had the hairgate issue and the bendgate issue with their last year devices. They did not accept the flaw in their design though 100s and 1000s of people complained about the same. Samsung atleast had the courage to come out and recall the device. They did not hide their face like the Apple did.
 #RespectForOwningTheFault #Samsung; I would just say one thing to the Note 7 haters. iPhone had the hairgate issue and the bendgate issue with their last year devices. They did not accept the flaw in their design though 100s and 1000s of people complained about the same. Samsung atleast had the courage to come out and recall the device. They did not hide their face like the Apple did.; #RespectForOwningTheFault #Samsung
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 14 Sep 2016Man. You didn't get it - they're replacing early released ones with safe units, and selling sa... morehardwork?then how come it has a faulty battery if they work hard?Poor Quality control?poor design?so who is to be blamed?their hardwork?it's like selling lambo with a flat tires, would you accept that?a half baked lambo for a premium price?of course at this price every customer expect it to be perfect.; hardwork?then how come it has a faulty battery if they work hard?Poor Quality control?poor design?so who is to be blamed?their hardwork?it's like selling lambo with a flat tires, would you accept that?a half baked lambo for a premium price?of course at this price every customer expect it to be perfect.
waiting since two month for note 7 .....how many days i have to waiting for note 7 ?; waiting since two month for note 7 .....how many days i have to waiting for note 7 ?
Mrlapa, 15 Sep 2016Initially i wanted to upgrade from note 4 to NOTE7 The only thing that stopped me was not the ... moreIKR.. note series is actually good but what happens with note 7 is a falldown, its up to you how are you going to support still the note series even though we already know the capability of note series. Positive side? it happens on a technology even iphones explodes and everything happens for a reason, there are some customers still wants the phone because of the capability and quality but suddenly there are some customers wanted to leave because of what happen on it and yes we cannot blame them for such a purpose. Again its still up to you how are you going to support those OS or mobile phone.; IKR.. note series is actually good but what happens with note 7 is a falldown, its up to you how are you going to support still the note series even though we already know the capability of note series. Positive side? it happens on a technology even iphones explodes and everything happens for a reason, there are some customers still wants the phone because of the capability and quality but suddenly there are some customers wanted to leave because of what happen on it and yes we cannot blame them for such a purpose. Again its still up to you how are you going to support those OS or mobile phone.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 15 Sep 2016While the kiddies are laughing, still don't understand the meaning of REPLACEMENT, and seem... moreThe battery issue sealed the deal for me. It shows me that even though they brought back the SD, improved the camera a bit, improved the stylus a bit; as a Note 5 user, why?
 
 What I see is a company that still has a major crush on Apple and has screwed their own customer base over it. They took features out of the 5, glass back (like iPhone did) and now exploding batteries. 
 
 Then you look at their advertising campaign always comparing themselves to iPhone, poking fun at iPhone - they are obsessed with iPhone!
 
 After fixing the issues with Note 5, I don't see any other reason to upgrade other than the SD. Let's see if Samsung can be their own company instead of crushing on Apple and I'll check it out next year.; The battery issue sealed the deal for me. It shows me that even though they brought back the SD, improved the camera a bit, improved the stylus a bit; as a Note 5 user, why?; What I see is a company that still has a major crush on Apple and has screwed their own customer base over it. They took features out of the 5, glass back (like iPhone did) and now exploding batteries.; Then you look at their advertising campaign always comparing themselves to iPhone, poking fun at iPhone - they are obsessed with iPhone!; After fixing the issues with Note 5, I don't see any other reason to upgrade other than the SD. Let's see if Samsung can be their own company instead of crushing on Apple and I'll check it out next year.
Initially i wanted to upgrade from note 4 to NOTE7 The only thing that stopped me was not the fact that the battery catches fire, it is the propitiatory charging port. Why no MicroUsb? Why they change well accepted standards? 
 If they would have made this phone with removable battery, the could just recall the battery and save billions.... I just don't get Samsung! Note 4 was almost perfect why they want to take away from that.; Initially i wanted to upgrade from note 4 to NOTE7 The only thing that stopped me was not the fact that the battery catches fire, it is the propitiatory charging port. Why no MicroUsb? Why they change well accepted standards?; If they would have made this phone with removable battery, the could just recall the battery and save billions.... I just don't get Samsung! Note 4 was almost perfect why they want to take away from that.
Equinox Hydroid, 14 Sep 2016I don't hate the device but the point was about the fear from the continous accidents concerni... moreYou're still aren't getting the message... Once the Note7 start being regularly sold again, there will be NO battery problems. NO more exploding.
 
 And please, don't ask how would anyone in know if they are the new safe batch...; You're still aren't getting the message... Once the Note7 start being regularly sold again, there will be NO battery problems. NO more exploding.; And please, don't ask how would anyone in know if they are the new safe batch...
While the kiddies are laughing, still don't understand the meaning of 
 REPLACEMENT, and seem want to pay only $300 for old stock that possibly might explode, Samsung is making the effort to reach out.
 
 I can understand the work of producing millions of Note7, having to ship them out to exchange the defective ones. I already turned off mine to be safe from burns.
 
 I have no sympathy if Samsung takes an even worse fall THAN from what they did with the S6 and Note.5 with no memory expansion and taking out features we enjoyed before. It serves as a lesson to Samsung and other companies to always check. 
 
 You got turned off from getting or owning the Note7 even after the corrections to the batteries have been done? Good riddance. Go get the shiny competition's products.
 
 But for those going to use this after swapping to the safe units, we get the better features smartphone on the planet, and this one has an S Pen, a headphone jack and wasn't designed to make more money out of accessories with the silliest looks.; While the kiddies are laughing, still don't understand the meaning of; REPLACEMENT, and seem want to pay only $300 for old stock that possibly might explode, Samsung is making the effort to reach out.; I can understand the work of producing millions of Note7, having to ship them out to exchange the defective ones. I already turned off mine to be safe from burns.; I have no sympathy if Samsung takes an even worse fall THAN from what they did with the S6 and Note.5 with no memory expansion and taking out features we enjoyed before. It serves as a lesson to Samsung and other companies to always check.; You got turned off from getting or owning the Note7 even after the corrections to the batteries have been done? Good riddance. Go get the shiny competition's products.; But for those going to use this after swapping to the safe units, we get the better features smartphone on the planet, and this one has an S Pen, a headphone jack and wasn't designed to make more money out of accessories with the silliest looks.
Anonymous, 14 Sep 2016I'm not a Samsung Fanboy, but based on it's competitors on the market, it is still the one to ... moreAgreed 100%; Agreed 100%
DenimAsh2, 14 Sep 2016Is it true samsung is planning to cut the note 7s battery by 40% to prevent overheating?It was rumoured to be happening to a Korean update.... Not sure sure about other countries.. The simple way to avoid is to not update your software. 
 
 Once the fixed note 7s are available I will exchange mine. Until then I have turned off fast charge and am accepting that there is a minute risk something may happen. (driving a car has a higher risk) 
 
 I have had mine for a month without any case or screen protection. It doesn't have the slighted mark on it for anyone who is interested. Before I exchange it I will see how hard it is to scratch on my pocket; It was rumoured to be happening to a Korean update.... Not sure sure about other countries.. The simple way to avoid is to not update your software.; Once the fixed note 7s are available I will exchange mine. Until then I have turned off fast charge and am accepting that there is a minute risk something may happen. (driving a car has a higher risk); I have had mine for a month without any case or screen protection. It doesn't have the slighted mark on it for anyone who is interested. Before I exchange it I will see how hard it is to scratch on my pocket
Equinox Hydroid, 14 Sep 2016i don't hate the device but it was about fear from its battery several accidents and to waste ... moreIf in case you're already using the safe Note 7, and it is still exploding. You can always sue them, you'll get money from it. :); If in case you're already using the safe Note 7, and it is still exploding. You can always sue them, you'll get money from it. :)
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 14 Sep 2016 And there you go, instant comeback. If you've done your reading, you'd know 70% of those surv... morei don't hate the device but it was about fear from its battery several accidents and to waste the money on a phone that may explode! but on the other hand its the best android device now!; i don't hate the device but it was about fear from its battery several accidents and to waste the money on a phone that may explode! but on the other hand its the best android device now!
I'm not a Samsung Fanboy, but based on it's competitors on the market, it is still the one to beat. I've considered iPhone 7 Plus and LG V20, but features on Note 7 still is the best so far for me. Positive outweighs the negative and I definitely won't be settling for less. I'm willing to wait till it's safe to buy again.; I'm not a Samsung Fanboy, but based on it's competitors on the market, it is still the one to beat. I've considered iPhone 7 Plus and LG V20, but features on Note 7 still is the best so far for me. Positive outweighs the negative and I definitely won't be settling for less. I'm willing to wait till it's safe to buy again.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 14 Sep 2016 And there you go, instant comeback. If you've done your reading, you'd know 70% of those surv... moreI don't hate the device but the point was about the fear from the continous accidents concerning the battery issues and to waste my money on phone like a bomb in my pocket but on the other hand i prefer to own the note 7 as its the best android phone now!; I don't hate the device but the point was about the fear from the continous accidents concerning the battery issues and to waste my money on phone like a bomb in my pocket but on the other hand i prefer to own the note 7 as its the best android phone now!
Anonymous, 14 Sep 2016For your information iris scanner was first introduced by fujitsu so who copied this feature?He Is Talking About Smart Phones....... Not Here To Play A Games Like Who Invented Phone First :p............. Samsung Copied From Lumia 950 XL This Idea :); He Is Talking About Smart Phones....... Not Here To Play A Games Like Who Invented Phone First :p............. Samsung Copied From Lumia 950 XL This Idea :)
Perez5k, 14 Sep 2016What do you expect? When Samsung tries to copy Lumia 950 (xl), i.e. by including iris scanner,... moreFor your information iris scanner was first introduced by fujitsu so who copied this feature?; For your information iris scanner was first introduced by fujitsu so who copied this feature?
Anon, 14 Sep 2016Its not going to reduce the battery capacity. Is is putting a software update for existing not... moreWhat do you expect? When Samsung tries to copy Lumia 950 (xl), i.e. by including iris scanner, using USB type C, fast charging, etc. Now they want to roll out update to correct the issue at hand. They better stick to what they know, and stop copying Microsoft and Iphone; What do you expect? When Samsung tries to copy Lumia 950 (xl), i.e. by including iris scanner, using USB type C, fast charging, etc. Now they want to roll out update to correct the issue at hand. They better stick to what they know, and stop copying Microsoft and Iphone
DenimAsh2, 14 Sep 2016Is it true samsung is planning to cut the note 7s battery by 40% to prevent overheating?60%; 60%
Now all companies must produce phones with removable batteries.This is alone solution.Phones with non removable batteries are shit only.; Now all companies must produce phones with removable batteries.This is alone solution.Phones with non removable batteries are shit only.
DenimAsh2, 14 Sep 2016Is it true samsung is planning to cut the note 7s battery by 40% to prevent overheating?Its not going to reduce the battery capacity. Is is putting a software update for existing note 7 that are already out to limit them from charging more than 60% to prevent the phones from overheating and encourage the people to hand in their potentially faulty note 7's.; Its not going to reduce the battery capacity. Is is putting a software update for existing note 7 that are already out to limit them from charging more than 60% to prevent the phones from overheating and encourage the people to hand in their potentially faulty note 7's.
Is it true samsung is planning to cut the note 7s battery by 40% to prevent overheating?; Is it true samsung is planning to cut the note 7s battery by 40% to prevent overheating?
Equinox Hydroid, 14 Sep 2016I prefer silver titan a lot and its amazing also on Note 7 but i have to wait some time to see... more And there you go, instant comeback. If you've done your reading, you'd know 70% of those surveyed are staying on with the Note7.; And there you go, instant comeback. If you've done your reading, you'd know 70% of those surveyed are staying on with the Note7.
james, 14 Sep 2016if this phone is priced at 300$ I can accept the battery issue, but this is priced for 800$ wh... moreMan. You didn't get it - they're replacing early released ones with safe units, and selling safe ones after.
 
 Asking $300 for getting one tells us you don't put value for other people's hard work. You want a semi-free ride.; Man. You didn't get it - they're replacing early released ones with safe units, and selling safe ones after.; Asking $300 for getting one tells us you don't put value for other people's hard work. You want a semi-free ride.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 14 Sep 2016And life goes on. That's the end of it. I'd get my Note7 replacement, while you and the rest d... moreI prefer silver titan a lot and its amazing also on Note 7 but i have to wait some time to see note 7 stable in the market and to get the new replaced version not an old stored one!; I prefer silver titan a lot and its amazing also on Note 7 but i have to wait some time to see note 7 stable in the market and to get the new replaced version not an old stored one!
Equinox Hydroid, 14 Sep 2016Even after the recalling old devices I mean the users trustAnd life goes on. That's the end of it. I'd get my Note7 replacement, while you and the rest don't buy. Simple as that.
 
 S6 Edge Plus users like you obviously don't need the S Pen. You're covered by getting the S7 Edge, or you wait for the next Edge device. You seem rreally lost when it come to buying devices anyway. 
 
 Note 4 to S6 Edge, and now Note7? Well, by the time you finally see that they'd nothing wrong anyhow, and 6 months later the price is half, get it.
 
 Go get your gold platinum - I know how crazy you are with that color status.; And life goes on. That's the end of it. I'd get my Note7 replacement, while you and the rest don't buy. Simple as that.; S6 Edge Plus users like you obviously don't need the S Pen. You're covered by getting the S7 Edge, or you wait for the next Edge device. You seem rreally lost when it come to buying devices anyway.; Note 4 to S6 Edge, and now Note7? Well, by the time you finally see that they'd nothing wrong anyhow, and 6 months later the price is half, get it.; Go get your gold platinum - I know how crazy you are with that color status.
if this phone is priced at 300$ I can accept the battery issue, but this is priced for 800$ which is kinda disappointing for the price. I personally don't like over priced phones. That's why I hate apple. But this is not acceptable also for samsung. Good thing they replace those affected units. It's really Shamesung now. This thing won't make me happy until the end of my life anyway. So why throw a lot of money on this things?; if this phone is priced at 300$ I can accept the battery issue, but this is priced for 800$ which is kinda disappointing for the price. I personally don't like over priced phones. That's why I hate apple. But this is not acceptable also for samsung. Good thing they replace those affected units. It's really Shamesung now. This thing won't make me happy until the end of my life anyway. So why throw a lot of money on this things?
george-kh, 14 Sep 2016Note 7 3500 mah now limited to 60%. And 60% of 3500 os 2100 what a joke on a ~900$ phone and a... moreThe drop to 60% is a TEMPORARY fix until the unit can be replaced.; The drop to 60% is a TEMPORARY fix until the unit can be replaced.
It comes with portable fire extinguisher included?; It comes with portable fire extinguisher included?
It's time for samsung to retire the Note line and move the s pen and wacom tech to the S flagship line or to a high end tablet. This way, they will save on marketing and make it easier for them to sync the specs by just announcing one flagship line per year. They will also have more time for testing their products properly.; It's time for samsung to retire the Note line and move the s pen and wacom tech to the S flagship line or to a high end tablet. This way, they will save on marketing and make it easier for them to sync the specs by just announcing one flagship line per year. They will also have more time for testing their products properly.
Note 7 3500 mah now limited to 60%. And 60% of 3500 os 2100 what a joke on a ~900$ phone and a quad hd screen and a powerful cpu/gpu.; Note 7 3500 mah now limited to 60%. And 60% of 3500 os 2100 what a joke on a ~900$ phone and a quad hd screen and a powerful cpu/gpu.
you will see that Note 7 will bounce back
 
 the only phone in history that keeps appealing after a major problem; you will see that Note 7 will bounce back; the only phone in history that keeps appealing after a major problem
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 14 Sep 2016Nobody wants this situation. Nobody. However, if you haven't heard, they're replacing every... moreEven after the recalling old devices I mean the users trust; Even after the recalling old devices I mean the users trust
[deleted post]I don't care if Samsung quits the mobile business after this. I'm waiting for my safe replacement, and if it's the last Galaxy Note, then so be it.
 
 
 I'm sure other companies will pick up making a smartphone with a digitizer pen. They know it sells.; I don't care if Samsung quits the mobile business after this. I'm waiting for my safe replacement, and if it's the last Galaxy Note, then so be it.; I'm sure other companies will pick up making a smartphone with a digitizer pen. They know it sells.
Sorry to quote 70 units exploded n USA only, an update to restrict charge above 60%, exploding has more than ever damaged it's reputation! Retailers most have not returned until a replacement given. They want their money back even.; Sorry to quote 70 units exploded n USA only, an update to restrict charge above 60%, exploding has more than ever damaged it's reputation! Retailers most have not returned until a replacement given. They want their money back even.
Samsung has a "quick fix" in the works for stubborn Galaxy Note 7 owners who don't want to return their devices, despite the global recall over batteries that might potentially explode. The company will roll out a software update on September 20th in South Korea that will limit the Note 7's battery to a 60 percent charge, which will hopefully prevent overheating,; Samsung has a "quick fix" in the works for stubborn Galaxy Note 7 owners who don't want to return their devices, despite the global recall over batteries that might potentially explode. The company will roll out a software update on September 20th in South Korea that will limit the Note 7's battery to a 60 percent charge, which will hopefully prevent overheating,
Equinox Hydroid, 14 Sep 2016Samsung advises note 7 users to charge it to 60% !!! I think they're kidding...........I thin... moreNobody wants this situation. Nobody.
 
 However, if you haven't heard, they're replacing every Note7 with the correct batteries.
 
 Meantime, just still enjoy your S6 Plus.; Nobody wants this situation. Nobody.; However, if you haven't heard, they're replacing every Note7 with the correct batteries.; Meantime, just still enjoy your S6 Plus.
Samsung advises note 7 users to charge it to 60% !!!
 I think they're kidding...........I think they have to work on a new note device to return the trust of the note series fans like me again!
 
 Note 7 will make Samsung suffer a lot; Samsung advises note 7 users to charge it to 60% !!!; I think they're kidding...........I think they have to work on a new note device to return the trust of the note series fans like me again!; Note 7 will make Samsung suffer a lot
It seems the decision to have non-removable battery has come back to bite them.; It seems the decision to have non-removable battery has come back to bite them.
I'm a very big fan of Samsung Note series 
 But this time Samsung make me sad 
 With Samsung's Note 7 battery issue 
 
 I'm expecting
 Galaxy Note 6
 With removable battery 
 
 Don't left Note6 
 Happened wrong as u jumped from 5 to 7 instead of 6
 Samsung thought that 
 Note6 ,people think it as older while sounding with iPhone7
 
 But Samsung loyal customers know the worth and performance of Note series 
 
 Plz come with Note6 with very very safe battery and removable too; I'm a very big fan of Samsung Note series; But this time Samsung make me sad; With Samsung's Note 7 battery issue; I'm expecting; Galaxy Note 6; With removable battery; Don't left Note6; Happened wrong as u jumped from 5 to 7 instead of 6; Samsung thought that; Note6 ,people think it as older while sounding with iPhone7; But Samsung loyal customers know the worth and performance of Note series; Plz come with Note6 with very very safe battery and removable too
Its has come down to the battery issue, things happen. What if something explodes in your house then? Would you just leave it and buy another product? Women with hair straighteners if they explode do u go too another brand??? Samsung has been one of the best especially with the Note series not even iPhone has a curve screen non do they have an iris scanner yet. It's just time we need to give Samsung to resolve this problem.; Its has come down to the battery issue, things happen. What if something explodes in your house then? Would you just leave it and buy another product? Women with hair straighteners if they explode do u go too another brand??? Samsung has been one of the best especially with the Note series not even iPhone has a curve screen non do they have an iris scanner yet. It's just time we need to give Samsung to resolve this problem.
Anonymous, 13 Sep 2016Nothing to do with luck. It's their fault they used poor quality batteries.there is no luck >>> It is a big mistake ... bad battery and design is a big mistake >> I am one of those supports Samsung ,,,will wait what they will do !!!!; there is no luck >>> It is a big mistake ... bad battery and design is a big mistake >> I am one of those supports Samsung ,,,will wait what they will do !!!!
This phone is an utter fail, such a big company and they can't use proper batteries. Well time to look elsewhere..; This phone is an utter fail, such a big company and they can't use proper batteries. Well time to look elsewhere..
There is no way that the note 7 can explode in your pocket because it only explodes while it is charging. Even while it is charging it wont explode if you use the Samsung charger it comes with. The ones that explode are when you use a charger that is for example from Walmart shelves.; There is no way that the note 7 can explode in your pocket because it only explodes while it is charging. Even while it is charging it wont explode if you use the Samsung charger it comes with. The ones that explode are when you use a charger that is for example from Walmart shelves.
Dr RAJA MURUGAN, 13 Sep 2016Don't worry about the iPhone with it bend issue... You have more to worry in your pocket as t... moreBwahahahahhahahah; Bwahahahahhahahah
Anyone know when sales recommence? Hanging out to upgrade.; Anyone know when sales recommence? Hanging out to upgrade.
Anonymous, 13 Sep 2016at least galaxy Note 5 more safe than Note7 I dont know how Samsung could miss their battery ... moreTrue! Now with all the units recalls and refunds going on, Note 7 will not beat the Note 5 sales figure.; True! Now with all the units recalls and refunds going on, Note 7 will not beat the Note 5 sales figure.
Dr RAJA MURUGAN, 13 Sep 2016I pray that you are safe... Thanks but no thanks, there is not even one Note 5 unit that explode.
 Wherein Note 7 explosions are here, there and everywhere.
 Safety first, I will not downgrade to Note 7.; Thanks but no thanks, there is not even one Note 5 unit that explode.; Wherein Note 7 explosions are here, there and everywhere.; Safety first, I will not downgrade to Note 7.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 12 Sep 201637 cases out of 2.5 million. They officially announced a recall, and an exchange program afte... moreDon't worry about the iPhone with it bend issue... You have more to worry in your pocket as there's a ticking time bomb ready to blow up...; Don't worry about the iPhone with it bend issue... You have more to worry in your pocket as there's a ticking time bomb ready to blow up...
Roseline, 12 Sep 2016Please hurry fix the problem on the battery Note 7, so you could rise and shine again What's the guarantee that the replacement Samsung galaxy note is safe and doesn't blow up? Anyone sane must think it over considering the pace at which replacements are now given to the customers...; What's the guarantee that the replacement Samsung galaxy note is safe and doesn't blow up? Anyone sane must think it over considering the pace at which replacements are now given to the customers...
Mulan, 12 Sep 2016I never regret buying Note 5 like you did buying this phone. LOL! Note 5 is safe in all aspects.I pray that you are safe...; I pray that you are safe...
Anonymous, 13 Sep 2016On at least one airline in euorpe the annoucement and check-in ask, you not to use this model ... moreWhat's the point in buying a phone which has to be switched off? I'm buying the Sony Xperia XZ!; What's the point in buying a phone which has to be switched off? I'm buying the Sony Xperia XZ!
Anonymous, 13 Sep 2016Nothing to do with luck. It's their fault they used poor quality batteries.They always made phones with poor quality and got away... Now they got caught..; They always made phones with poor quality and got away... Now they got caught..
Very bad to hear that Samsung Note 7 a very great phone has a battery problem but don't lose the hope Samsung production will bring a safety system I hope this news should be true.; Very bad to hear that Samsung Note 7 a very great phone has a battery problem but don't lose the hope Samsung production will bring a safety system I hope this news should be true.
I'm a very big fan of Samsung Note series 
 But this time Samsung make me sad 
 With Samsung's Note 7 battery issue 
 
 I'm expecting
 Galaxy Note 6
 With removable battery 
 
 Don't left Note6 
 Happened wrong as u jumped from 5 to 7 instead of 6
 Samsung thought that 
 Note6 ,people think it as older while sounding with iPhone7
 
 But Samsung loyal customers know the worth and performance of Note series 
 
 Plz come with Note6 with very very safe battery and removable too; I'm a very big fan of Samsung Note series; But this time Samsung make me sad; With Samsung's Note 7 battery issue; I'm expecting; Galaxy Note 6; With removable battery; Don't left Note6; Happened wrong as u jumped from 5 to 7 instead of 6; Samsung thought that; Note6 ,people think it as older while sounding with iPhone7; But Samsung loyal customers know the worth and performance of Note series; Plz come with Note6 with very very safe battery and removable too
Beckett, 13 Sep 2016Good phone, bad luck.Nothing to do with luck.
 It's their fault they used poor quality batteries.; Nothing to do with luck.; It's their fault they used poor quality batteries.
Beckett, 13 Sep 2016Good phone, bad luck.It is not a matter of bad luck...
 Samsung deserves this bad reputation.
 Only in the US there are more than 70 cases of overheating batteries of galaxy note 7.
 Stop giving excuses and stop seeing things as fans.
 We are talking about the safety of human lives here
 Above all is not to take safety risk with any damned device...
 Brands are not so important but human lives are definitely important; It is not a matter of bad luck...; Samsung deserves this bad reputation.; Only in the US there are more than 70 cases of overheating batteries of galaxy note 7.; Stop giving excuses and stop seeing things as fans.; We are talking about the safety of human lives here; Above all is not to take safety risk with any damned device...; Brands are not so important but human lives are definitely important
Samsung as of today lost 22 billion dollars. Hell of money gone in rush to launch faulty note 7 before iPhone 7. Samsung directors should learn a lesson from this and should not skip quality tests on their products.; Samsung as of today lost 22 billion dollars. Hell of money gone in rush to launch faulty note 7 before iPhone 7. Samsung directors should learn a lesson from this and should not skip quality tests on their products.
Beckett, 13 Sep 2016Good phone, bad luck.Really a very bad luck for this amazing phone; Really a very bad luck for this amazing phone
Good phone, bad luck.; Good phone, bad luck.
at least galaxy Note 5 more safe than Note7
 I dont know how Samsung could miss their battery QA testing; at least galaxy Note 5 more safe than Note7; I dont know how Samsung could miss their battery QA testing
Safety first, don't buy this phone, period!; Safety first, don't buy this phone, period!
let's hope next galaxy note will never have a non-removable battery anymore...and hope that those greedy samsung executive will finally reflect from this incident.; let's hope next galaxy note will never have a non-removable battery anymore...and hope that those greedy samsung executive will finally reflect from this incident.
[deleted post]At least you can travel on airplanes and go through security systems with an iPhone. Samsung is currently banned from a lot of areas (in the USA you can't bring one in sporting events). 
 
 This isn't about who's better "Apple or Samsung," it's about currently the Note 7 is banned and has lost billions because they rushed a phone to hopefully get more sales than Apple. That's where I'm going with it. Chances are, most Apple users don't want a Note anyways, so what was the point? Now this...; At least you can travel on airplanes and go through security systems with an iPhone. Samsung is currently banned from a lot of areas (in the USA you can't bring one in sporting events).; This isn't about who's better "Apple or Samsung," it's about currently the Note 7 is banned and has lost billions because they rushed a phone to hopefully get more sales than Apple. That's where I'm going with it. Chances are, most Apple users don't want a Note anyways, so what was the point? Now this...
On at least one airline in euorpe the annoucement and check-in ask, you not to use this model on the flight, it must be switched off, can not be used in flight mode, and must not be recharged on the flight.; On at least one airline in euorpe the annoucement and check-in ask, you not to use this model on the flight, it must be switched off, can not be used in flight mode, and must not be recharged on the flight.
note 5 is better at least it doesn't explode; note 5 is better at least it doesn't explode
Mulan, 13 Sep 2016Six-year old boy gets burned when a Samsung Galaxy Note 7 explodes in his hand. Folks, this... moreMulan, thankyou for writing...
 Kind of what I needed to hear to get me to consider boxing up my unit 'prematurely'.
 
 My belief that it was to do with charging (possibly using unofficial cables and 'fast charge' etc, likely a combination of the two), that I was relatively safe to go on USING the phone.
 
 If the best that comes out of that childs experience is to save others from the same fate, then they will have achieved much. Well wishes with them.
 As an aside, imagine if that kid grows up to partake of this world 'non digitally', avoiding electronics. They could become a great inventor and/or theologist/philosopher...
 
 Until now my only concern if my phone 'went up' would be if it would kill my headphones in the process... 
 Really don't want to pack this thing up. (IDIOT ALERT!); Mulan, thankyou for writing...; Kind of what I needed to hear to get me to consider boxing up my unit 'prematurely'.; My belief that it was to do with charging (possibly using unofficial cables and 'fast charge' etc, likely a combination of the two), that I was relatively safe to go on USING the phone.; If the best that comes out of that childs experience is to save others from the same fate, then they will have achieved much. Well wishes with them.; As an aside, imagine if that kid grows up to partake of this world 'non digitally', avoiding electronics. They could become a great inventor and/or theologist/philosopher...; Until now my only concern if my phone 'went up' would be if it would kill my headphones in the process...; Really don't want to pack this thing up. (IDIOT ALERT!)
Six-year old boy gets burned when a Samsung Galaxy Note 7 explodes in his hand.
 
 Folks, this is what we've been afraid of, and why we continue to implore you to shut down your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 and return it. Last night, a 6-year old boy in Brooklyn New York was burned when the Galaxy Note 7 he was holding exploded in his hand. The youngster was rushed to Downstate Medical Center via ambulance with burns to his body.
 
 It is not even charging at that time. The kid's grandmother, Linda Lewis, said that her grandson "was watching videos on the phone when the battery exploded. It set off alarms in my house."
 
 So please if you want your family to stay safe, return your Note 7 and get a full refund.
 Don't put your home in danger in exchange of good phone features.; Six-year old boy gets burned when a Samsung Galaxy Note 7 explodes in his hand.; Folks, this is what we've been afraid of, and why we continue to implore you to shut down your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 and return it. Last night, a 6-year old boy in Brooklyn New York was burned when the Galaxy Note 7 he was holding exploded in his hand. The youngster was rushed to Downstate Medical Center via ambulance with burns to his body.; It is not even charging at that time. The kid's grandmother, Linda Lewis, said that her grandson "was watching videos on the phone when the battery exploded. It set off alarms in my house."; So please if you want your family to stay safe, return your Note 7 and get a full refund.; Don't put your home in danger in exchange of good phone features.
Original-Jamaican, 12 Sep 2016Despite the big fiasco right now with the Note 7 Samsung still makes some of the best smart an... moreSamsung will always rule......Make best phones! Iphones like windows horrible Systems; Samsung will always rule......Make best phones! Iphones like windows horrible Systems
Samsung, I think you should forget about Note 7 because public trust is the main concern at this moment. Maybe you must go directly with Note 8 with new brilliant innovation and idea, in order to gain customer trust again. Anyway, this just an idea. Thanks; Samsung, I think you should forget about Note 7 because public trust is the main concern at this moment. Maybe you must go directly with Note 8 with new brilliant innovation and idea, in order to gain customer trust again. Anyway, this just an idea. Thanks
Noobkiller, 12 Sep 2016Or Shutup a few phones caught fire. Everyone makes mistakes and barely any of them blew up anyway. Actually Pedro is arguably pretty 'on the fence' ie NOT FAN'PERSONING'.
 
 The comment by Pedro just highlights the ambivalence towards the phones made by ONE MANUFACTURER, other comments, in context, clearly showing that whilst the Note series delivers features that we may wish for on a phone.. that this may not always be the case.. and that we are not so blind as to just buy from one phone company.
 
 I use a Note 7.
 I do so because as a phone it has many features I need, and a few more features that are optional and that I have been wanting.. It is svelte (by comparison to my Note Edge) and very usable.
 I do find 'less than six inches' to be practically useless vs an actual tablet or a small laptop,.. but nothing a bluetooth keyboard and a battery bank cannot get around.
 
 What I will miss with the 'replacement' Note 7 is the 'break in time' it took to get the headphone output to sound brilliant.
 Out of the box the phone had 'very little soundfield', but air and spacing came good inside of a couple of days of play.. and I really enjoy listening to it presently.
 
 Enough to continue using the phone in its present state, albeit with fast charge off, and all charging 'supervised' (ie not overnight), until the replacement unit lands.
 VS dedicated DAC/Amp combos... this Note 7 holds its' own. Best sound into my B&W P7s I have ever heard... Anyhow, rumours of free VR headsets coming with replacement stock is an enticement and a reward I look forward to receiving (and then shelving).
 
 Now, give me that camera case, or leather case, and that would be something 'special'..; Actually Pedro is arguably pretty 'on the fence' ie NOT FAN'PERSONING'.; The comment by Pedro just highlights the ambivalence towards the phones made by ONE MANUFACTURER, other comments, in context, clearly showing that whilst the Note series delivers features that we may wish for on a phone.. that this may not always be the case.. and that we are not so blind as to just buy from one phone company.; I use a Note 7.; I do so because as a phone it has many features I need, and a few more features that are optional and that I have been wanting.. It is svelte (by comparison to my Note Edge) and very usable.; I do find 'less than six inches' to be practically useless vs an actual tablet or a small laptop,.. but nothing a bluetooth keyboard and a battery bank cannot get around.; What I will miss with the 'replacement' Note 7 is the 'break in time' it took to get the headphone output to sound brilliant.; Out of the box the phone had 'very little soundfield', but air and spacing came good inside of a couple of days of play.. and I really enjoy listening to it presently.; Enough to continue using the phone in its present state, albeit with fast charge off, and all charging 'supervised' (ie not overnight), until the replacement unit lands.; VS dedicated DAC/Amp combos... this Note 7 holds its' own. Best sound into my B&W P7s I have ever heard... Anyhow, rumours of free VR headsets coming with replacement stock is an enticement and a reward I look forward to receiving (and then shelving).; Now, give me that camera case, or leather case, and that would be something 'special'..
Despite the big fiasco right now with the Note 7 Samsung still makes some of the best smart and feature rich devices out there. I have an S5 and I'm very happy with it. Never been a note fan due to the size. I feel very safe and confident with my S5 and i will stick with it as long as it is able to last me.; Despite the big fiasco right now with the Note 7 Samsung still makes some of the best smart and feature rich devices out there. I have an S5 and I'm very happy with it. Never been a note fan due to the size. I feel very safe and confident with my S5 and i will stick with it as long as it is able to last me.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 12 Sep 2016Very unfortunate that Samsung was able to put out a device that has a potentially sealed defec... moreSealed battery is there because marketing people in Samsung persuaded themselves that it improves sales. The same marketing people who put white charger and white earplugs along with all-black Note.; Sealed battery is there because marketing people in Samsung persuaded themselves that it improves sales. The same marketing people who put white charger and white earplugs along with all-black Note.
MobileMaster see what ur company is doing. I wish u guys good luck with this Samsung products.; MobileMaster see what ur company is doing. I wish u guys good luck with this Samsung products.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 12 Sep 2016And I don't care if Samsung close down their mobile division. Serves them right for failing on... moreOr Shutup a few phones caught fire. Everyone makes mistakes and barely any of them blew up anyway.; Or Shutup a few phones caught fire. Everyone makes mistakes and barely any of them blew up anyway.
Mulan, 12 Sep 2016Samsung should stop making Note 7 as is posts danger to users. Samsung should cancel this mod... moreGalaxy note 6; Galaxy note 6
[deleted post]Except for the ones with the China-made battery.; Except for the ones with the China-made battery.
Mulan, 12 Sep 2016I never regret buying Note 5 like you did buying this phone. LOL! Note 5 is safe in all aspects.And I don't care if Samsung close down their mobile division. Serves them right for failing on battery safety.; And I don't care if Samsung close down their mobile division. Serves them right for failing on battery safety.
gaurav big-G, 12 Sep 2016Why not for the imported Smartphone.Samsung must have to give replacement of Note 7 it's a com... moreSamsung should stop making Note 7 as is posts danger to users.
 Samsung should cancel this model and proceed to the next Note.; Samsung should stop making Note 7 as is posts danger to users.; Samsung should cancel this model and proceed to the next Note.
absolut-allen, 12 Sep 2016If Samsung wasn't trying to be like Apple and rushing out product to comeet, they wouldn't nee... moreAnd oh yeah, if this is the last Galaxy Note Samsung has produced, then be it. Serves them right for slacking on battery safety. They've already lost more than $14 Billion in market value.
 
 I'm pretty sure a company with provide us smartphone with an active digitizer pen.; And oh yeah, if this is the last Galaxy Note Samsung has produced, then be it. Serves them right for slacking on battery safety. They've already lost more than $14 Billion in market value.; I'm pretty sure a company with provide us smartphone with an active digitizer pen.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 12 Sep 2016Very unfortunate that Samsung was able to put out a device that has a potentially sealed defec... moreI never regret buying Note 5 like you did buying this phone.
 LOL!
 Note 5 is safe in all aspects.; I never regret buying Note 5 like you did buying this phone.; LOL!; Note 5 is safe in all aspects.
Anonymous, 12 Sep 2016Samsung is giving no replacement for imported phoneWhy not for the imported Smartphone.Samsung must have to give replacement of Note 7 it's a compulsion.Samsung is totally responsible for making this smartphone Note7.; Why not for the imported Smartphone.Samsung must have to give replacement of Note 7 it's a compulsion.Samsung is totally responsible for making this smartphone Note7.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 12 Sep 2016Man. Read the news. The one labeled with an "S" on the box are safe. You can also check IMEI n... moreNobody needs to do that with Note 5, it is all safe.; Nobody needs to do that with Note 5, it is all safe.
absolut-allen, 12 Sep 2016If Samsung wasn't trying to be like Apple and rushing out product to comeet, they wouldn't nee... moreMy stance on Samsung is on the negative for putting out MORE potentially combustible batteries.
 
 If the Note series doesn't have the S Pen, my guess is I'd be using a low-ended smartphone. Never bothered having a look at the S1 or S2 until I heard the news of the Note having a digitizer pen.
 
 I have the option to even replace it with the iPhone 7, or a V20. This things don't have digitizer pens. My subscription is high enough for any pick of any device right now. It's illogical to replace it with something that does less. 
 
 After the replacements are available, the Note7 will be working as it should. I'm just getting my money's worth. We've been warned not to use then for the meantime and that's what I'm doing.
 
 There hasn't been any news of the China-battery exploding Samsung deemed safe. I'll look for the S, and checking the IMEI number, thank you very much. I'm not exactly a conventional Samsung fan.; My stance on Samsung is on the negative for putting out MORE potentially combustible batteries.; If the Note series doesn't have the S Pen, my guess is I'd be using a low-ended smartphone. Never bothered having a look at the S1 or S2 until I heard the news of the Note having a digitizer pen.; I have the option to even replace it with the iPhone 7, or a V20. This things don't have digitizer pens. My subscription is high enough for any pick of any device right now. It's illogical to replace it with something that does less.; After the replacements are available, the Note7 will be working as it should. I'm just getting my money's worth. We've been warned not to use then for the meantime and that's what I'm doing.; There hasn't been any news of the China-battery exploding Samsung deemed safe. I'll look for the S, and checking the IMEI number, thank you very much. I'm not exactly a conventional Samsung fan.
Kracken88, 12 Sep 2016Samsung should give us money to buy iPhone 7. My Note 7 just caught fire and nearly burn do... moreAre you kidding?; Are you kidding?
Samsung should give us money to buy iPhone 7. My Note 7 just caught fire and nearly burn down my house!!; Samsung should give us money to buy iPhone 7. My Note 7 just caught fire and nearly burn down my house!!
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 12 Sep 2016Man. Read the news. The one labeled with an "S" on the box are safe. You can also check IMEI n... moreIf Samsung wasn't trying to be like Apple and rushing out product to comeet, they wouldn't need an "S" to show which phones won't blow up. It's embarassing to be a Samsung fan right now.; If Samsung wasn't trying to be like Apple and rushing out product to comeet, they wouldn't need an "S" to show which phones won't blow up. It's embarassing to be a Samsung fan right now.
Hany, 11 Sep 2016Even I am one of those like samsung smart phones . But I think it's really horrible that a bat... moreYes that's the point; Yes that's the point
Equinox Hydroid, 12 Sep 2016Same here mate i was planning to get it soon but after what happened am affraid even i got a r... moreMan. Read the news. The one labeled with an "S" on the box are safe. You can also check IMEI number if it's part of the batch that's safe.; Man. Read the news. The one labeled with an "S" on the box are safe. You can also check IMEI number if it's part of the batch that's safe.
itsme, 12 Sep 2016I really wanted to buy the note 7 but after hearing the news of recall i am a bit confused. I... morewell, they made a recall so i guess it's gonna be okay soon. just buy from an authorized store, and check the product. cause i'm also buying one and i'm excited about it.; well, they made a recall so i guess it's gonna be okay soon. just buy from an authorized store, and check the product. cause i'm also buying one and i'm excited about it.
Please hurry fix the problem on the battery Note 7, so you could rise and shine again; Please hurry fix the problem on the battery Note 7, so you could rise and shine again
itsme, 12 Sep 2016I really wanted to buy the note 7 but after hearing the news of recall i am a bit confused. I... moreSame here mate i was planning to get it soon but after what happened am affraid even i got a replaced one coz am not sure that it will be safe...can't waste my money on a device with this disaster......note 7 now even its an amazing device but its samsungs big fail now :( they have to focus on S8 now; Same here mate i was planning to get it soon but after what happened am affraid even i got a replaced one coz am not sure that it will be safe...can't waste my money on a device with this disaster......note 7 now even its an amazing device but its samsungs big fail now :( they have to focus on S8 now
I really wanted to buy the note 7 but after hearing the news of recall i am a bit confused.
 I dont mind waiting for recalled note 7 to come in the markets but will they be safe or still be dangerous and whether its still a worth buy because of the downfall it had in the early months
 plz do reply??; I really wanted to buy the note 7 but after hearing the news of recall i am a bit confused.; I dont mind waiting for recalled note 7 to come in the markets but will they be safe or still be dangerous and whether its still a worth buy because of the downfall it had in the early months; plz do reply??
Samsung is giving no replacement for imported phone; Samsung is giving no replacement for imported phone
babakmansouri, 12 Sep 2016your opinioin is childish.lg has small screen?then what is gflex?lg is ugly?everyone knows lg ... moreSmall screen comment was for g5 and v20.
 LG has ugly designs.
 Yeah!Samsung has the same design but good one.
 And what about all other cons in LG.; Small screen comment was for g5 and v20.; LG has ugly designs.; Yeah!Samsung has the same design but good one.; And what about all other cons in LG.
Very unfortunate that Samsung was able to put out a device that has a potentially sealed defective battery.
 
 We now have 2 cases them exploding while in use. Who knows what others which aren't reported. Still no news of they were on a heightened temperature use - it shouldn't happen anyway.
 
 Until we get our replacement back, and the dust settles, the stigma of the highest chances its battery exploding will still be there.
 
 I still think a removable battery system is the best implementation because you can switch out that faulty battery. Having a sealed battery so you could have 7mm thin and with glass back is ridiculous. By being able to take of he the back and inspect that battery to see if it's swelling up has been my practice. 
 
 If you drop it, fall on the phone, at least there's a chance the battery separates off. I was waiting for the water-resistance removable back implementation from the S5 to the Note 4- that never happened. 
 
 I stopped using the Note7 three days ago and went back to my Note 3 as a precautionary measure. This is until I get the Note7 replacement in 19 days.I'm already missing the fast focusing excellent camera and brilliant screen.; Very unfortunate that Samsung was able to put out a device that has a potentially sealed defective battery.; We now have 2 cases them exploding while in use. Who knows what others which aren't reported. Still no news of they were on a heightened temperature use - it shouldn't happen anyway.; Until we get our replacement back, and the dust settles, the stigma of the highest chances its battery exploding will still be there.; I still think a removable battery system is the best implementation because you can switch out that faulty battery. Having a sealed battery so you could have 7mm thin and with glass back is ridiculous. By being able to take of he the back and inspect that battery to see if it's swelling up has been my practice.; If you drop it, fall on the phone, at least there's a chance the battery separates off. I was waiting for the water-resistance removable back implementation from the S5 to the Note 4- that never happened.; I stopped using the Note7 three days ago and went back to my Note 3 as a precautionary measure. This is until I get the Note7 replacement in 19 days.I'm already missing the fast focusing excellent camera and brilliant screen.
does anyone have an idea for possible price cut ? i think 800$ is too much for refurbished ones especially it won't sell much as it was once.; does anyone have an idea for possible price cut ? i think 800$ is too much for refurbished ones especially it won't sell much as it was once.
better buy sony xperia z5 premium dual.nice phone; better buy sony xperia z5 premium dual.nice phone
ahmed tanveer, 11 Sep 2016Even Huawei is better than LG. Lg have the worst(ugliest) design which can be in a phone,smal... moreyour opinioin is childish.lg has small screen?then what is gflex?lg is ugly?everyone knows lg for its best designs these past few years yet samsung still using galaxy s1 design in their note 7.i believe only lg care about customers now; your opinioin is childish.lg has small screen?then what is gflex?lg is ugly?everyone knows lg for its best designs these past few years yet samsung still using galaxy s1 design in their note 7.i believe only lg care about customers now
...I read a suggestion from one Taiwan forum that to differentiate old Note 7 and "renewed Note 7" better to have new external body design. Think about it Samsung!
 
 If possible to make it has removable battery like LG V20, best to design the cover like HTC HD2 but use back the V20 back locking mechanism; if got second screen like V20 should be at the bottom, integrated the Home, Back, Menu 3 buttons together and able to be rearranged and assigned.. I like single camera at the back, it looks simple, I ike SONY XZ power button design, don't like its volume and camera buttons that protruding too much! Flagship smart phone If got removable battery like LG, S Pen like Samsung Note, it would be wonderful... of course must be big screen not more than 6", 32GB min, 3 GB RAM min, MicroSD card, type C, SD SoC, etc....; ...I read a suggestion from one Taiwan forum that to differentiate old Note 7 and "renewed Note 7" better to have new external body design. Think about it Samsung!; If possible to make it has removable battery like LG V20, best to design the cover like HTC HD2 but use back the V20 back locking mechanism; if got second screen like V20 should be at the bottom, integrated the Home, Back, Menu 3 buttons together and able to be rearranged and assigned.. I like single camera at the back, it looks simple, I ike SONY XZ power button design, don't like its volume and camera buttons that protruding too much! Flagship smart phone If got removable battery like LG, S Pen like Samsung Note, it would be wonderful... of course must be big screen not more than 6", 32GB min, 3 GB RAM min, MicroSD card, type C, SD SoC, etc....
Better go for LG V20 or iPhone 7 Plus rather than risking your life and family with this exploding phone.; Better go for LG V20 or iPhone 7 Plus rather than risking your life and family with this exploding phone.
Looks like im rly gonna buy Asus Zenfone 3 Deluxe.; Looks like im rly gonna buy Asus Zenfone 3 Deluxe.
Crim2k, 09 Sep 2016Do you really expect them to charge 2.5 million phones hundreds of times over to see if they e... morephones should be tested proparly when they in development,look like samsung didnt do that..
 tell me why my xperia did explode or burn,its 1 year old,and i charge her 1.5 time a day,som time once,some times twice
 and its not problem just with note 7,one few s6 happend same thing,i dont know about s7; phones should be tested proparly when they in development,look like samsung didnt do that..; tell me why my xperia did explode or burn,its 1 year old,and i charge her 1.5 time a day,som time once,some times twice; and its not problem just with note 7,one few s6 happend same thing,i dont know about s7
[deleted post]Yeah, and we have replacements as early as next week. 37 cases out of 2.5 million units.
 
 You'll get yours next month.; Yeah, and we have replacements as early as next week. 37 cases out of 2.5 million units.; You'll get yours next month.
abdullah, 11 Sep 2016multiple factories all over the world (to cut down shipping costs) + poor quality control =lea... more37 cases out of 2.5 million. They officially announced a recall, and an exchange program after 2 weeks. I'm getting mine back in two weeks.
 
 Apple had the iPhone 4 antenna problem, easy bending 6 Plus, and now flickering touch error. Did Apple make ever make a recall for those defective products?; 37 cases out of 2.5 million. They officially announced a recall, and an exchange program after 2 weeks. I'm getting mine back in two weeks.; Apple had the iPhone 4 antenna problem, easy bending 6 Plus, and now flickering touch error. Did Apple make ever make a recall for those defective products?
Samsung Note 7 is still one of Best phone. 
 Mine no issue at all. The iris scanner is a great feature and the camera is the Best of all.; Samsung Note 7 is still one of Best phone.; Mine no issue at all. The iris scanner is a great feature and the camera is the Best of all.
The Galaxy notes used to be the best phones available now I would rather have the lg v20 or iPhone 7 plus; The Galaxy notes used to be the best phones available now I would rather have the lg v20 or iPhone 7 plus
abdullah, 11 Sep 2016multiple factories all over the world (to cut down shipping costs) + poor quality control =lea... moreSamsung has been better than apple since s5 onwards.; Samsung has been better than apple since s5 onwards.
multiple factories all over the world (to cut down shipping costs) + poor quality control =leads to= a new project zero, which is sad espicially after such a success with the s7 and the recent anouncement of the new iPhone 7
 (so please test your phones before you package them & save your self the embarrassment)
 SAMSUNG you screwed things up (and you need years to rebuild the customers trust after being so close -or even better- than apple); multiple factories all over the world (to cut down shipping costs) + poor quality control =leads to= a new project zero, which is sad espicially after such a success with the s7 and the recent anouncement of the new iPhone 7; (so please test your phones before you package them & save your self the embarrassment); SAMSUNG you screwed things up (and you need years to rebuild the customers trust after being so close -or even better- than apple)
Burning battery? No problem. Just give out a free replacement battery to advanced users 
 of your advanced phone. Directly in the sales channel.
 But wait. The battery is not removable. Snake bites its own tail: they claimed non-removable batteries are there to save us from defective 3rd party batteries. Pity that the retribution is so small, Samsung won't even notice.; Burning battery? No problem. Just give out a free replacement battery to advanced users; of your advanced phone. Directly in the sales channel.; But wait. The battery is not removable. Snake bites its own tail: they claimed non-removable batteries are there to save us from defective 3rd party batteries. Pity that the retribution is so small, Samsung won't even notice.
this will be myne in like 2 years hahaha....love it but this is too much money for phone..U can buy very good laptop or great computer and still have money for some phone (like lg g3 or note 4); this will be myne in like 2 years hahaha....love it but this is too much money for phone..U can buy very good laptop or great computer and still have money for some phone (like lg g3 or note 4)
I'm glad that T-Mobile screwed up my Galaxy Note 7 order TWICE. Now I don't have to hassle with a return or exchange.; I'm glad that T-Mobile screwed up my Galaxy Note 7 order TWICE. Now I don't have to hassle with a return or exchange.
Samsung announces for those who bought the Note 7 to stop using their phones & close them & try to return or replace them as soon as possible!; Samsung announces for those who bought the Note 7 to stop using their phones & close them & try to return or replace them as soon as possible!
CrossMKD, 11 Sep 2016The Huawei is the most disaster phones, Samsung will start to fall off from the Note7 Battery ... moreEven Huawei is better than LG.
 Lg have the worst(ugliest) design which can be in a phone,small batteries,small screens,worse screen type,no cgg5,no SpO2,no iris scanner,no heart rate sensor,no wireless charging,no water or dust proof,no stylus,worse resale value in the market.
 So,you are telling me that mAh doesnot affect battery.
 Check this out.Most of the people are loyal to Samsung even after this problem and will buy note 7(as soon as it starts to sell again) and mobiles coming in future from Samsung.
 http://www.gsmarena.com/weekly_poll_results_the_­majority_is_faithful_to_the_galaxy_note7_despite­_recall_-blog-20453.php 
 Note 7 is the best.
 You have written 100% sh*t logics(Wake up).
 Iris scanner and Heart rate sensor are great features.; Even Huawei is better than LG.; Lg have the worst(ugliest) design which can be in a phone,small batteries,small screens,worse screen type,no cgg5,no SpO2,no iris scanner,no heart rate sensor,no wireless charging,no water or dust proof,no stylus,worse resale value in the market.; So,you are telling me that mAh doesnot affect battery.; Check this out.Most of the people are loyal to Samsung even after this problem and will buy note 7(as soon as it starts to sell again) and mobiles coming in future from Samsung.; Note 7 is the best.; You have written 100% sh*t logics(Wake up).; Iris scanner and Heart rate sensor are great features.
900$ phone exploded because battery problem only... Yes, Samsung released a fail product; 900$ phone exploded because battery problem only... Yes, Samsung released a fail product
iveedhem, 11 Sep 2016superb......this's the hottest smartphone ...am so inlove with samsung super amoled screen...Initially I placed the official screen protection. Now that there's a recall, I'm using it without and the screen just looks better. 
 
 
 It's a good time to try using it without protection.; Initially I placed the official screen protection. Now that there's a recall, I'm using it without and the screen just looks better.; It's a good time to try using it without protection.
Guys, it transpired that SDI Samsung own subsidiary making batteries has defaulted. This happens when Wrath of God comes on who think they are absolute, kings n Mobile industry. 1 billion $ loss hearing, what is its 850 $price going to stabilize, or fall obviously 750$ respectively. Let's see when supply, provided gone through stringent checks, has to deliver.; Guys, it transpired that SDI Samsung own subsidiary making batteries has defaulted. This happens when Wrath of God comes on who think they are absolute, kings n Mobile industry. 1 billion $ loss hearing, what is its 850 $price going to stabilize, or fall obviously 750$ respectively. Let's see when supply, provided gone through stringent checks, has to deliver.
PARAG B, 11 Sep 2016YAWN...How boring..Mr Neighbore..LolAnd that's the only comeback you can write...
 
 From your post from the Note.5 page:
 
 "... I am going to get Note7 shortly".
 
 "i still feel that note5 is still a great device .plus note5 does not have scratch prone gorilla glass screen like of note7
 note5 has excellent daytime camera which is better than note7's camera .
 Note5 does not have the useless (shatter prone) edges like Note7.
 spen works better on a flat screen note5 not on edge screen .
 Note5 is still a very fast and multitasking phone with its 4gb ram and 2.1ghz processor.
 Note5 has 64gb & 128gb modals."
 
 It is not my "assumption" since you are getting a Note7 despite all your complaints. Your statement above says so.
 
 You won't even deny it. October 15 is your magic date for India. I'm officially welcoming you as a Note7 user.; And that's the only comeback you can write...; From your post from the Note.5 page:; "... I am going to get Note7 shortly".; "i still feel that note5 is still a great device .plus note5 does not have scratch prone gorilla glass screen like of note7; note5 has excellent daytime camera which is better than note7's camera .; Note5 does not have the useless (shatter prone) edges like Note7.; spen works better on a flat screen note5 not on edge screen .; Note5 is still a very fast and multitasking phone with its 4gb ram and 2.1ghz processor.; Note5 has 64gb & 128gb modals."; It is not my "assumption" since you are getting a Note7 despite all your complaints. Your statement above says so.; You won't even deny it. October 15 is your magic date for India. I'm officially welcoming you as a Note7 user.
superb......this's the hottest smartphone ...am so inlove with samsung super amoled screen...; superb......this's the hottest smartphone ...am so inlove with samsung super amoled screen...
The Huawei is the most disaster phones, Samsung will start to fall off from the Note7 Battery explosion burning houses yeaa.....-_-
 BTW smaller battery doesnt mean less useage.I have LG G5 with heave usage i use it 1 day.Plus it has fast charging 83%-30min...+ removable battery if it goes dead + cheap to repair unless ure sealed cans(samsung-huawei).
 For heart beat sensor u can go to a doctor cos i dont belive in that sh*t. Iris scanner is more like throwing money for `toy` inventions, and lets dont talk about water resistance cause its not 100% safe, btw u can watch G5 water resistence on youtube how it handles it even without WATER RES. And dont talk about price, cause LG G5 is like ~50$ up/down cheaper then S7.; The Huawei is the most disaster phones, Samsung will start to fall off from the Note7 Battery explosion burning houses yeaa.....-_-; BTW smaller battery doesnt mean less useage.I have LG G5 with heave usage i use it 1 day.Plus it has fast charging 83%-30min...+ removable battery if it goes dead + cheap to repair unless ure sealed cans(samsung-huawei).; For heart beat sensor u can go to a doctor cos i dont belive in that sh*t. Iris scanner is more like throwing money for `toy` inventions, and lets dont talk about water resistance cause its not 100% safe, btw u can watch G5 water resistence on youtube how it handles it even without WATER RES. And dont talk about price, cause LG G5 is like ~50$ up/down cheaper then S7.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 10 Sep 2016Note7 fanboy hangover? Wow. What does that mean, anyway? Didn't you do the sane thing wh... moreYAWN...How boring..Mr Neighbore..Lol; YAWN...How boring..Mr Neighbore..Lol
Anonymous, 11 Sep 2016As much as I like Samsung , carma is getting it for being very greedy, over priced and laggy!... moreCamera is the best in S7E and Note 7.Don't spread fake rumors.
 Most of the people(including me) love the edge screen.
 Phones have screen size from 3 inches to 6 inches.The phones which are bigger than this are called tablets.
 You should buy mate 8.; Camera is the best in S7E and Note 7.Don't spread fake rumors.; Most of the people(including me) love the edge screen.; Phones have screen size from 3 inches to 6 inches.The phones which are bigger than this are called tablets.; You should buy mate 8.
Bhas, 11 Sep 2016Iam using my note 7 past 10days and never faced any issues or heating while charging Go to customer care center and they will check if your phone is in danger or not.; Go to customer care center and they will check if your phone is in danger or not.
Rendichai, 11 Sep 2016Is there any hint at all, when Note 7 will be re-launched to the market?No.; No.
I wonder what happen to the guys in samsung who design this phone. Are they fired? Hmmm; I wonder what happen to the guys in samsung who design this phone. Are they fired? Hmmm
[deleted post]As much as I like Samsung , carma is getting it for being very greedy, over priced and laggy!
 1) No one needs that stupid curved display (just cancel the whole god damn Note 7 and come up with a normal phone) 
 2) we need removable battery 
 3) we need phones that would range from 6.0 to 7.0 in display size (not from 4.5 to 5.7) 
 4) we need fast user interface like Galaxy Tab s2 has!; As much as I like Samsung , carma is getting it for being very greedy, over priced and laggy!; 1) No one needs that stupid curved display (just cancel the whole god damn Note 7 and come up with a normal phone); 2) we need removable battery; 3) we need phones that would range from 6.0 to 7.0 in display size (not from 4.5 to 5.7); 4) we need fast user interface like Galaxy Tab s2 has!
Iam using my note 7 past 10days and never faced any issues or heating while charging; Iam using my note 7 past 10days and never faced any issues or heating while charging
Is there any hint at all, when Note 7 will be re-launched to the market?; Is there any hint at all, when Note 7 will be re-launched to the market?
[deleted post]Please apology for this double post. My browser sent two times the request; Please apology for this double post. My browser sent two times the request
[deleted post]I think it is a troller. But actually (not only) the note 7 could explode while charging.
 
 But still, the recall should get rid of the fears you have, since Samsung will ship new Note 7 to everyone, those that are safe, and you will be able to enjoy this phone as it deserves to be, which is a lot.; I think it is a troller. But actually (not only) the note 7 could explode while charging.; But still, the recall should get rid of the fears you have, since Samsung will ship new Note 7 to everyone, those that are safe, and you will be able to enjoy this phone as it deserves to be, which is a lot.
grknats, 10 Sep 2016hi everybody! im from Turkey i went store of samsung in my city yesterday and he said that... moreI heard about 2 sources (companies) of battery and only one is the reason and some says that you can know if you have the safe one .. just search YouTube for note 7; I heard about 2 sources (companies) of battery and only one is the reason and some says that you can know if you have the safe one .. just search YouTube for note 7
Even I am one of those like samsung smart phones . But I think it's really horrible that a battery explode in that way .it is really a big mistake and a black point in the head of Samsung ... I am not sure how Samsung will resolve that missry thing; Even I am one of those like samsung smart phones . But I think it's really horrible that a battery explode in that way .it is really a big mistake and a black point in the head of Samsung ... I am not sure how Samsung will resolve that missry thing
ahmed tanveer, 10 Sep 2016It is most probably a fake news(rumor).uh, no, this is something that's actually happening and Samsung is actually in the process of fixing. What makes you think that this would be a rumor?; uh, no, this is something that's actually happening and Samsung is actually in the process of fixing. What makes you think that this would be a rumor?
It's surprising what a difference a couple of black options make. Apple should've offered it back in 2014 but held it until this third year of similar designs. Where Apple is heading with three-year design cycles is what HTC did with the M9. Like automobile manufacturers, we can't expect them to reinvent the wheel every year and change the design annually. I predict Apple will revamp iPhone for 2017 but will hold back some color options so they can offer it the following next two years. That's Apple's way of holding back to the consumers and relying on you to buy the third iteration because of its sexy, new splash of color. 
 
 Still, I buying iPhone 7/7 Plus, Note 7, or S7 edge are just testing ground for next year's flagships. Apple is banking on wireless headphones. The dual edged displays will be standard in 2017 for Samsung and was also a placeholder for YOUM (2013) since they have been working on foldable displays for seven years. Imagine wrapping a screen on your wrist? I saw foldable, paper-like displays since 2011 CES. We drop nearly a grand on these devices under the spell of their PLANNED OBSOLESCENCE. We sell it off a few months later and usually at a LOSS. When will some of you realize you are simply blinded by design and marketing?
 
 Biggest disappointment of the iPhone 7? I wanted a capacitive home button and all I get is the BlackBerry Storm (2008) haptic feedback I can't turn off. No VR and still using screen resolution found on Android flagships from 2012-2013. The black options is like putting lipstick on a pig. Only to hide those ugly antenna lines that still wouldn't radically change how you use it. Six months ago might seem long in tech, but that's like yesterday in real life. Heck, five years ago can feel like yesterday. Just six months ago, we were raving about the S7 edge. By MWC, we will forget about the Note7 and iPhone 7 again. Short memories. Our purchases start to become obsolete the moment we buy them. 
 
 Skip the sevens. Wait for the eights... 
 
 Samsung Galaxy S8, Note8 (Ultra HD) 
 Apple iPhone 8, 8 Plus
 
 Industry gamechanger - Samsung's Project Valley (aka Galaxy X or Wing)..
 
 Or forget smartphones since they have generally hit a plateau and give us robots, teleportation, time travel, dimension hopping, space travels, etc. Smartphone have this new feature annually called, "do I give a f...?"; It's surprising what a difference a couple of black options make. Apple should've offered it back in 2014 but held it until this third year of similar designs. Where Apple is heading with three-year design cycles is what HTC did with the M9. Like automobile manufacturers, we can't expect them to reinvent the wheel every year and change the design annually. I predict Apple will revamp iPhone for 2017 but will hold back some color options so they can offer it the following next two years. That's Apple's way of holding back to the consumers and relying on you to buy the third iteration because of its sexy, new splash of color.; Still, I buying iPhone 7/7 Plus, Note 7, or S7 edge are just testing ground for next year's flagships. Apple is banking on wireless headphones. The dual edged displays will be standard in 2017 for Samsung and was also a placeholder for YOUM (2013) since they have been working on foldable displays for seven years. Imagine wrapping a screen on your wrist? I saw foldable, paper-like displays since 2011 CES. We drop nearly a grand on these devices under the spell of their PLANNED OBSOLESCENCE. We sell it off a few months later and usually at a LOSS. When will some of you realize you are simply blinded by design and marketing?; Biggest disappointment of the iPhone 7? I wanted a capacitive home button and all I get is the BlackBerry Storm (2008) haptic feedback I can't turn off. No VR and still using screen resolution found on Android flagships from 2012-2013. The black options is like putting lipstick on a pig. Only to hide those ugly antenna lines that still wouldn't radically change how you use it. Six months ago might seem long in tech, but that's like yesterday in real life. Heck, five years ago can feel like yesterday. Just six months ago, we were raving about the S7 edge. By MWC, we will forget about the Note7 and iPhone 7 again. Short memories. Our purchases start to become obsolete the moment we buy them.; Skip the sevens. Wait for the eights...; Samsung Galaxy S8, Note8 (Ultra HD); Apple iPhone 8, 8 Plus; Industry gamechanger - Samsung's Project Valley (aka Galaxy X or Wing)..; Or forget smartphones since they have generally hit a plateau and give us robots, teleportation, time travel, dimension hopping, space travels, etc. Smartphone have this new feature annually called, "do I give a f...?"
Bojan, 10 Sep 2016Then go buy LG G5/V20. Excellent phones for the price and quality.Sorry dear cant waste my money on LG phones i have to keep on my S6 edge plus; Sorry dear cant waste my money on LG phones i have to keep on my S6 edge plus
Bojan, 10 Sep 2016Then go buy LG G5/V20. Excellent phones for the price and quality.No way.
 I will buy mate 8,p9 or s7 edge instead.
 LG(G5/V20) have the worst design ever used in mobiles,very small batteries,no iris scanner,no SpO2,no heart rate,no resale value in the market,worse screen type,
 wireless charging,no cgg5,no water or dust proof,no stylus.
 Even if i decide to skip note 7,i will buy Huawei or Samsung phone.
 LG phones are overpriced.; No way.; I will buy mate 8,p9 or s7 edge instead.; LG(G5/V20) have the worst design ever used in mobiles,very small batteries,no iris scanner,no SpO2,no heart rate,no resale value in the market,worse screen type,; wireless charging,no cgg5,no water or dust proof,no stylus.; Even if i decide to skip note 7,i will buy Huawei or Samsung phone.; LG phones are overpriced.
i heard a news that it is a bomb 
 i mean it will explode while normal use and while charging
 more info;
 http://www.bbc.com/news/technology-37329191; i heard a news that it is a bomb; i mean it will explode while normal use and while charging; more info;
PARAG B, 10 Sep 2016Nice story.Mr Hypocrite. Btw your perception is totaly based on your Note7 fanboy Hangover..L... moreNote7 fanboy hangover?
 
 Wow. What does that mean, anyway?
 
 Didn't you do the sane thing when you spent $935 for that limited special order for the 64 GB Note.5 for your region's market? You have bragged about it. You justified EVERYTHING that was changed like the sealed battery is ok because you think peeling the back and changing to fresh batteries was so old school? Or the fact that it's ok that microSD was taken out because because you had OTG dongle to carry your media around? 
 
 If you haven't been reading, I still criticize the glass back and sealed battery. I'd like the infrared denote controller back too.
 
 Can't wait for your gold platinum Note7 order coming to you this October, huh? Feeling all left out because you're still with the Note.5 enduring with an OTG dongle to enjoy more media?
 
 Well just head down to the local dealer and play around with the demo unit - again and again. You can see all areas of the screen while on landscape mode, and the S Pen works even on the curved edge. Funny how you'd complain on the S Pen as you keep telling us how you'd rather get a V20.
 
 It's just a month more till you can actually get to relate. You will love the camera. You will love the very slightly curved screen. You will appreciate the S Pen working on the curves as well. You will love water-resistance. You will love it comes in your favorite gold; Note7 fanboy hangover?; Wow. What does that mean, anyway?; Didn't you do the sane thing when you spent $935 for that limited special order for the 64 GB Note.5 for your region's market? You have bragged about it. You justified EVERYTHING that was changed like the sealed battery is ok because you think peeling the back and changing to fresh batteries was so old school? Or the fact that it's ok that microSD was taken out because because you had OTG dongle to carry your media around?; If you haven't been reading, I still criticize the glass back and sealed battery. I'd like the infrared denote controller back too.; Can't wait for your gold platinum Note7 order coming to you this October, huh? Feeling all left out because you're still with the Note.5 enduring with an OTG dongle to enjoy more media?; Well just head down to the local dealer and play around with the demo unit - again and again. You can see all areas of the screen while on landscape mode, and the S Pen works even on the curved edge. Funny how you'd complain on the S Pen as you keep telling us how you'd rather get a V20.; It's just a month more till you can actually get to relate. You will love the camera. You will love the very slightly curved screen. You will appreciate the S Pen working on the curves as well. You will love water-resistance. You will love it comes in your favorite gold
[deleted post]Only 38 out of 1.5 million are affected and Samsung has solved this problem and will start selling again after a month(maybe) or so.
 When they will be 100% sure of their customer safety.
 Who do you think you are?
 President of Customer Product Safety.; Only 38 out of 1.5 million are affected and Samsung has solved this problem and will start selling again after a month(maybe) or so.; When they will be 100% sure of their customer safety.; Who do you think you are?; President of Customer Product Safety.
[deleted post]It is most probably a fake news(rumor).; It is most probably a fake news(rumor).
[deleted post]That is ridiculous. Your are letting yourself be convinced by fear of anecdote. It is unfortunate that a scenario such that you are describing happened to someone, but you are frankly more likely to get shot in Chicago if you go there for a day, than to have your phone actually explode. 35 cases of overheating have been observed, 24 with a case rupture, out of *millions of phones shipped*. And on top of that, Samsung is issuing a complete and total recall and remedying the problem. 
 
 Charge your phone a couple of times and if it doesn't get hot, it probably never will. 
 
 I value your concern for others, and your own decision is respectable, but I would like to counter-argue that it is founded in a story, instead of considering one's actual chance of having a defective battery.; That is ridiculous. Your are letting yourself be convinced by fear of anecdote. It is unfortunate that a scenario such that you are describing happened to someone, but you are frankly more likely to get shot in Chicago if you go there for a day, than to have your phone actually explode. 35 cases of overheating have been observed, 24 with a case rupture, out of *millions of phones shipped*. And on top of that, Samsung is issuing a complete and total recall and remedying the problem.; Charge your phone a couple of times and if it doesn't get hot, it probably never will.; I value your concern for others, and your own decision is respectable, but I would like to counter-argue that it is founded in a story, instead of considering one's actual chance of having a defective battery.
Equinox Hydroid, 10 Sep 2016Dear its sales will drop for sure and as a result its price must drop as alot of persons now a... moreThen go buy LG G5/V20. Excellent phones for the price and quality.; Then go buy LG G5/V20. Excellent phones for the price and quality.
ahmed tanveer, 10 Sep 2016Its price will not fall this much. It will fall to 600$(maximum).Dear its sales will drop for sure and as a result its price must drop as alot of persons now are affraid to get it after what happened like me i was waiting to get one but now am confused; Dear its sales will drop for sure and as a result its price must drop as alot of persons now are affraid to get it after what happened like me i was waiting to get one but now am confused
Anonymous, 10 Sep 2016It's wrath of God, on eve of launching! Sammy should learn lesson and improve internals checks... moreIts price will not fall this much.
 It will fall to 600$(maximum).; Its price will not fall this much.; It will fall to 600$(maximum).
z1, 10 Sep 2016Definitely a fake poll. People are thinking about switching to Apple iPhone.No,it was a real poll done on www.gsmarena.com
 Most of the people owning android or samsung hate apple because of its disadvantages.
 You cannot download music,movie,shows,dramas from browser.
 Apple app store is also smaller than play store(android),too much expensive(you may have heard the kidney joke),bad display,poor connectivity(bluetooth,etc.),worse screen type,small battery,no cgg,no card slot,no iris scanner,no heart rate sensor,no SpO2,no wireless charging,etc.; No,it was a real poll done on www.gsmarena.com; Most of the people owning android or samsung hate apple because of its disadvantages.; You cannot download music,movie,shows,dramas from browser.; Apple app store is also smaller than play store(android),too much expensive(you may have heard the kidney joke),bad display,poor connectivity(bluetooth,etc.),worse screen type,small battery,no cgg,no card slot,no iris scanner,no heart rate sensor,no SpO2,no wireless charging,etc.
k, 10 Sep 2016Really? Despite the battery spooking people. Yeah!Most of the people(including me) trust Samsung and hoping that recall will fix this problem.
 As,Samsung has identified and has started to fix it.; Yeah!Most of the people(including me) trust Samsung and hoping that recall will fix this problem.; As,Samsung has identified and has started to fix it.
Anonymous, 10 Sep 2016People risking of buying a bomb even after the problem has been indentified.Just stay away fro... moreSamsung has solved this problem(that why they explode and have found a way to fix it).
 They also started a recall and will start selling it again when it will be 100% safe for us(customers).; Samsung has solved this problem(that why they explode and have found a way to fix it).; They also started a recall and will start selling it again when it will be 100% safe for us(customers).
RAJARAJAN, 10 Sep 2016note 5 is best.instead of buying note 7 i recommend to buy lg v20.it is one the best phone in ... moreLG V20 has some disadvantages which can be a deal breaker.
 e.g=small battery,bad(ugly) design,worse screen type,no wireless charging,no stylus,no water or dust proof,no cgg5,no always on display,no heart rate sensor,no SpO2,no iris scanner,etc.
 Note 7 has many(almost 20) great features which no other phone has.; LG V20 has some disadvantages which can be a deal breaker.; e.g=small battery,bad(ugly) design,worse screen type,no wireless charging,no stylus,no water or dust proof,no cgg5,no always on display,no heart rate sensor,no SpO2,no iris scanner,etc.; Note 7 has many(almost 20) great features which no other phone has.
lhp, 10 Sep 2016No fire resistance... :-PThey're giving free fire extinguishers.; They're giving free fire extinguishers.
No hurricane resistance? No alien invasion resistance?; No hurricane resistance? No alien invasion resistance?
It's wrath of God, on eve of launching! Sammy should learn lesson and improve internals checks of all hardwares. No charm left of N7 but wait by next year easily available 500$. As we know it's price falls like cards. Hav edge 7 titanium satisfied till it lasts. There more to change twice in a year, in this retchet world.; It's wrath of God, on eve of launching! Sammy should learn lesson and improve internals checks of all hardwares. No charm left of N7 but wait by next year easily available 500$. As we know it's price falls like cards. Hav edge 7 titanium satisfied till it lasts. There more to change twice in a year, in this retchet world.
No fire resistance... :-P; No fire resistance... :-P
hi everybody! im from Turkey 
 
 i went store of samsung in my city yesterday and he said that " yeah we heard about charge in USA or another countries... its not notmal but we didnt hear(complaint) never about charge in Turkey " 
 
 but i heard too all note 7 confiscated... what do u think about that? maybe thats problem in just some countries... may someone say me who have note 7 and where are u from; hi everybody! im from Turkey; i went store of samsung in my city yesterday and he said that " yeah we heard about charge in USA or another countries... its not notmal but we didnt hear(complaint) never about charge in Turkey "; but i heard too all note 7 confiscated... what do u think about that? maybe thats problem in just some countries... may someone say me who have note 7 and where are u from
absolut-allen, 10 Sep 2016Although I'm on the fence after this battery fiasco on whether I should even bother upgrading ... moreAs I've said to paragb . The square pictures are easily solved by using the 16:9 9MP setting... It has exactly the same image quality as the 12MP.; As I've said to paragb . The square pictures are easily solved by using the 16:9 9MP setting... It has exactly the same image quality as the 12MP.
[deleted post]And you're not denying that despite all your complaints about EVERYTHING wrong with the Note7, you're still getting it by October.
 
 Let me the first to welcome you to our little club. :-); And you're not denying that despite all your complaints about EVERYTHING wrong with the Note7, you're still getting it by October.; Let me the first to welcome you to our little club. :-)
ahmed tanveer, 10 Sep 2016In a weekly poll done by GSMarena. Almost 60-70% people will buy note 7 when it will again st... moreDefinitely a fake poll. People are thinking about switching to Apple iPhone.; Definitely a fake poll. People are thinking about switching to Apple iPhone.
ahmed tanveer, 10 Sep 2016In a weekly poll done by GSMarena. Almost 60-70% people will buy note 7 when it will again st... moreReally? Despite the battery spooking people.; Really? Despite the battery spooking people.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 10 Sep 2016You had the same "losing display area" complaint with the gold S6 Edge plus you wanted. Here o... moreNice story.Mr Hypocrite.
 Btw your perception is totaly based on your Note7 fanboy Hangover..LOL .dont impose the same onto others.; Nice story.Mr Hypocrite.; Btw your perception is totaly based on your Note7 fanboy Hangover..LOL .dont impose the same onto others.
I'll definitely buy a note 7,once it's back.
 Although I have one S7 edge. 
 
 I'm looking for a note device.
 
 Well what u people think how will be Note model of 2017?; I'll definitely buy a note 7,once it's back.; Although I have one S7 edge.; I'm looking for a note device.; Well what u people think how will be Note model of 2017?
ahmed tanveer, 10 Sep 2016In a weekly poll done by GSMarena. Almost 60-70% people will buy note 7 when it will again st... morePeople risking of buying a bomb even after the problem has been indentified.Just stay away from this phone.; People risking of buying a bomb even after the problem has been indentified.Just stay away from this phone.
ahmed tanveer, 10 Sep 2016In a weekly poll done by GSMarena. Almost 60-70% people will buy note 7 when it will again st... moreYes, and part of that 70% are the usual complainers here who keep posting empty threats of buying the LG V20 instead.; Yes, and part of that 70% are the usual complainers here who keep posting empty threats of buying the LG V20 instead.
Lex Slr, 10 Sep 2016if you are looking for mature feedback, then look elsewhere. im amazed at how emotional some p... moreI'm a Note 3 and Note7 owner. I can say comparing the two, and my using the Note7 for nearly 3 weeks now, there's not point in shelling out $950 for something that actually has lesser hardware capabilities. The Note 3 has IR remote, ability to change for a bigger battery, no fragile back, USB 3.0, finger Air View, thermometer, loud bottom shooting speaker, and the Note 3 has some functions the Note7 can do.
 
 Note7's capabilities that I really use is the fact its camera is extremely superb, super-fast, and low-light picture-taking is no problem. S Pen is the best version yet as it has 4 times more level of pressure-sensitivity than the Note 3's. If you don't care much for these two things, not real points for having an upgrade.
 
 I really don't like the fact that the Note7's battery is fixed, and will start losing some of its power hold in as early as 2 months as I have noticed in my wife's S7 Edge. However, the Note7 has a very efficient Exynos version that haS practically more than 50% longer use than the stock battery of the Note 3. So, my requirement of 6 hours SOT.
 
 As in the matter for those who are happy with the Note.5 even without a memory expansion, there is absolutely no point in upgrading unless you regard water-resistance as an important factor. Some just need that new shiny device as some strange form of status item to show off. Memory expansion for a majority of people is important, and this is the main factor what Samsung and their experiment of replicating Apple's philosophy of no-memory expansion resulted in low sales last year.
 
 Note7 battery issue is serious, yet I don't see it as a reason not to order it. Samsung has already started trickling safe ones, and I believe a majority of countries are getting replacements by mid-October. The complainers here are still telling us they are still getting it.; I'm a Note 3 and Note7 owner. I can say comparing the two, and my using the Note7 for nearly 3 weeks now, there's not point in shelling out $950 for something that actually has lesser hardware capabilities. The Note 3 has IR remote, ability to change for a bigger battery, no fragile back, USB 3.0, finger Air View, thermometer, loud bottom shooting speaker, and the Note 3 has some functions the Note7 can do.; Note7's capabilities that I really use is the fact its camera is extremely superb, super-fast, and low-light picture-taking is no problem. S Pen is the best version yet as it has 4 times more level of pressure-sensitivity than the Note 3's. If you don't care much for these two things, not real points for having an upgrade.; I really don't like the fact that the Note7's battery is fixed, and will start losing some of its power hold in as early as 2 months as I have noticed in my wife's S7 Edge. However, the Note7 has a very efficient Exynos version that haS practically more than 50% longer use than the stock battery of the Note 3. So, my requirement of 6 hours SOT.; As in the matter for those who are happy with the Note.5 even without a memory expansion, there is absolutely no point in upgrading unless you regard water-resistance as an important factor. Some just need that new shiny device as some strange form of status item to show off. Memory expansion for a majority of people is important, and this is the main factor what Samsung and their experiment of replicating Apple's philosophy of no-memory expansion resulted in low sales last year.; Note7 battery issue is serious, yet I don't see it as a reason not to order it. Samsung has already started trickling safe ones, and I believe a majority of countries are getting replacements by mid-October. The complainers here are still telling us they are still getting it.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 09 Sep 2016And yet you're telling us you will still get the Note7 anyway...In a weekly poll done by GSMarena.
 Almost 60-70% people will buy note 7 when it will again start selling.; In a weekly poll done by GSMarena.; Almost 60-70% people will buy note 7 when it will again start selling.
I think I will get neither Note7 or iPhone 7 mainly because 4K displays and Samsung Galaxy Wing (Project Valley) is coming within six months. The banning of Note7 usage on planes ticks me off since I plan to be on a plane four times within two months. I buy a $850 phone that I can't turn on for my 16 hr flight? The iPhone 7 is already old news with low res and why would I want be stuck on a 2K display from the Note7 when 4K is better for VR and coming out soon? 
 
 Note8 will correct the problems of Note7. And iPhone 8 will be radically different where Apple plans to shave the top and bottom bezels. Apple might make a sexy looking glass phone again while 7 is more 6SE. I really don't like the haptic feedback of the iPhone 7. Why not keep it simple, Apple? Capacitive home button that doesn't try to emulate a click? Note7 and iPhone 7 now seem to be just placeholders for something different and revolutionary next year. 
 
 Getting a PS4 slim instead. Only $299 and comes bundled with Uncharted 4. Don't have time to wait for the Pro. Not into 4K gaming but want 4K for VR and the $100 savings can be used on games since I only have a 720p TV to begin with! And we don't see drastic price drops on consoles like we do on smartphones. The iPhone 7 and Note7 will be under $400 by next year. These consoles may not be a PC, but neither are smartphones if you think about it. And consoles do last longer to keep and not as quickly disposal like overpriced smartphones are. 
 
 And why are expensive phones so easily smudged while cheaper phones are better at looking clean? Matte black iPhone 7 will resist fingerprints better than jet black but it still gets them. And remember iPhone 5's Scruffgate? While Note7 and jet black iPhone 7 are smudge and scratch magnets! We pay top dollar and they end up looking bad within 5 minutes. 
 
 2016 turned out fairly disappointing. Just wasting money on them. Neither S7 edge or Note7 seem practical with a useless dual edge display that are open to crackings since the sides are so exposed and slippery. Placeholders for Project YOUM announced in CES 2013.The real breakthrough year should be in 2017. The 2016 flagships are rehashes and baby steps. 
 
 LG G5, V20 - LG foolishly puts small batteries in them. Ugly camera visor humps. LG needs another year to refine modular designs. 
 
 HTC 10 - HTC shouldn't be taken seriously anymore. Ho-hum design. They peaked with the M7 in design and M8 in battery life and overall hardware. 
 
 Samsung S7 edge, Note7 - I would argue they should be ranked top 2, but there is a rumor dual edge should be standard for the S8. Say goodbye to flat screens as more useless dual displays with exposed sides will be common and lose its design luster. Then we have foldable screens coming that can actually protect the screen when closed. Note7 has all these issues that should be corrected by Note8. Removable battery next time, Samsung, to avoid another expensive recall. 
 
 Apple iPhone 7 / 7 Plus - I think the 2X optical zoom on the 7+ seems cool but the removal of the headphone and replacing the physical home button with a doorbuzzer are buzzkill. Add features Android had for years, slap sexy black options which attract fingerprints, and call it iPhone 7. The iPhone 8 is the real upgrade thanks to Apple finally reducing the height. I don't like glass but Apple will make it the best looking glass phone ever made. 
 
 Wait for Project Valley which should change the game for phablets, tablets, and wearables. Samsung Galaxy Wing, S8, and Note8 with 4K displays are coming. Maybe a worthy Nokia Android flagship too with hopefully removable battery. Don't waste your money on any of these placeholders and planned obsolescence products or you will start to feel buyer's remorse by the time Mobile World Congress happens in six months.; I think I will get neither Note7 or iPhone 7 mainly because 4K displays and Samsung Galaxy Wing (Project Valley) is coming within six months. The banning of Note7 usage on planes ticks me off since I plan to be on a plane four times within two months. I buy a $850 phone that I can't turn on for my 16 hr flight? The iPhone 7 is already old news with low res and why would I want be stuck on a 2K display from the Note7 when 4K is better for VR and coming out soon?; Note8 will correct the problems of Note7. And iPhone 8 will be radically different where Apple plans to shave the top and bottom bezels. Apple might make a sexy looking glass phone again while 7 is more 6SE. I really don't like the haptic feedback of the iPhone 7. Why not keep it simple, Apple? Capacitive home button that doesn't try to emulate a click? Note7 and iPhone 7 now seem to be just placeholders for something different and revolutionary next year.; Getting a PS4 slim instead. Only $299 and comes bundled with Uncharted 4. Don't have time to wait for the Pro. Not into 4K gaming but want 4K for VR and the $100 savings can be used on games since I only have a 720p TV to begin with! And we don't see drastic price drops on consoles like we do on smartphones. The iPhone 7 and Note7 will be under $400 by next year. These consoles may not be a PC, but neither are smartphones if you think about it. And consoles do last longer to keep and not as quickly disposal like overpriced smartphones are.; And why are expensive phones so easily smudged while cheaper phones are better at looking clean? Matte black iPhone 7 will resist fingerprints better than jet black but it still gets them. And remember iPhone 5's Scruffgate? While Note7 and jet black iPhone 7 are smudge and scratch magnets! We pay top dollar and they end up looking bad within 5 minutes.; 2016 turned out fairly disappointing. Just wasting money on them. Neither S7 edge or Note7 seem practical with a useless dual edge display that are open to crackings since the sides are so exposed and slippery. Placeholders for Project YOUM announced in CES 2013.The real breakthrough year should be in 2017. The 2016 flagships are rehashes and baby steps.; LG G5, V20 - LG foolishly puts small batteries in them. Ugly camera visor humps. LG needs another year to refine modular designs.; HTC 10 - HTC shouldn't be taken seriously anymore. Ho-hum design. They peaked with the M7 in design and M8 in battery life and overall hardware.; Samsung S7 edge, Note7 - I would argue they should be ranked top 2, but there is a rumor dual edge should be standard for the S8. Say goodbye to flat screens as more useless dual displays with exposed sides will be common and lose its design luster. Then we have foldable screens coming that can actually protect the screen when closed. Note7 has all these issues that should be corrected by Note8. Removable battery next time, Samsung, to avoid another expensive recall.; Apple iPhone 7 / 7 Plus - I think the 2X optical zoom on the 7+ seems cool but the removal of the headphone and replacing the physical home button with a doorbuzzer are buzzkill. Add features Android had for years, slap sexy black options which attract fingerprints, and call it iPhone 7. The iPhone 8 is the real upgrade thanks to Apple finally reducing the height. I don't like glass but Apple will make it the best looking glass phone ever made.; Wait for Project Valley which should change the game for phablets, tablets, and wearables. Samsung Galaxy Wing, S8, and Note8 with 4K displays are coming. Maybe a worthy Nokia Android flagship too with hopefully removable battery. Don't waste your money on any of these placeholders and planned obsolescence products or you will start to feel buyer's remorse by the time Mobile World Congress happens in six months.
choton haque, 09 Sep 2016This review section is hardly any help at all. Just a bunch of kids fighting among themselves ... moreif you are looking for mature feedback, then look elsewhere. im amazed at how emotional some people get on the internet...about a phone...which they have never owned...
 People with the technical knowledge that you are looking for generally dont speak on these senseless threads. and even if they do, the less informed will bash them due to their lack of reasoning and understanding.
 i hope i didnt burst your bubble, but its probably too late to hope for that anyway...im looking forward to the upcoming months to see how the battery fix pans out though...fyi...im a happy note 3 user; if you are looking for mature feedback, then look elsewhere. im amazed at how emotional some people get on the internet...about a phone...which they have never owned...; People with the technical knowledge that you are looking for generally dont speak on these senseless threads. and even if they do, the less informed will bash them due to their lack of reasoning and understanding.; i hope i didnt burst your bubble, but its probably too late to hope for that anyway...im looking forward to the upcoming months to see how the battery fix pans out though...fyi...im a happy note 3 user
note 5 is best.instead of buying note 7 i recommend to buy lg v20.it is one the best phone in the world with dual camera 
 metal body with shock proof.and removable battery with b&o headset.lg is the perfect smart phone; note 5 is best.instead of buying note 7 i recommend to buy lg v20.it is one the best phone in the world with dual camera; metal body with shock proof.and removable battery with b&o headset.lg is the perfect smart phone
absolut-allen, 10 Sep 2016Although I'm on the fence after this battery fiasco on whether I should even bother upgrading ... moreDid*; Did*
Bunyip22, 10 Sep 2016Paragb. Your sounding silly again. The GN7 will have the batteries fixed and faulty GN7 replac... moreAlthough I'm on the fence after this battery fiasco on whether I should even bother upgrading or waiting until Note 8, I didn't watch some comparison videos on YouTube of the Note 7 vs LG V20 camera comparisons. 
 
 There was no comparison to be honest. Note 7 takes the cake and it's easy to see that. I don't like square pics however (iPhone-like).; Although I'm on the fence after this battery fiasco on whether I should even bother upgrading or waiting until Note 8, I didn't watch some comparison videos on YouTube of the Note 7 vs LG V20 camera comparisons.; There was no comparison to be honest. Note 7 takes the cake and it's easy to see that. I don't like square pics however (iPhone-like).
PARAG B, 10 Sep 2016yep! It looks awesome cause of edges but i was saying that along with the edge version the fla... moreYou had the same "losing display area" complaint with the gold S6 Edge plus you wanted. Here on the Note7, the radius of the curving edge is .5mm, and it's silly to even say you lose display with the tapered sides. 
 
 I see EVERYTHING that's on the display of the Note7, unless you have the tendency of watching or looking at the display at a 30° angle at landscape, you are the problem.
 
 S Pen input be on the curved edge.
 
 These are such miniscule problems you are emphasizing. It's not as major like memory expansion being taken out, and you gladly told us it was fine on the Note.5 as OTG dongle sticking out of your phone was completely fine by you.
 
 I wouldn't be surprised you had place your reservation for the Note7 on the first day of launch in India. Just stop the pretending to hate the Note7.; You had the same "losing display area" complaint with the gold S6 Edge plus you wanted. Here on the Note7, the radius of the curving edge is .5mm, and it's silly to even say you lose display with the tapered sides.; I see EVERYTHING that's on the display of the Note7, unless you have the tendency of watching or looking at the display at a 30° angle at landscape, you are the problem.; S Pen input be on the curved edge.; These are such miniscule problems you are emphasizing. It's not as major like memory expansion being taken out, and you gladly told us it was fine on the Note.5 as OTG dongle sticking out of your phone was completely fine by you.; I wouldn't be surprised you had place your reservation for the Note7 on the first day of launch in India. Just stop the pretending to hate the Note7.
choton haque, 09 Sep 2016This review section is hardly any help at all. Just a bunch of kids fighting among themselves ... moreGo for the Note 7 after you are sure that all the units being shipped have the non-faulty batteries. Give it a few months. You won't run out of memory as easily with this phone.; Go for the Note 7 after you are sure that all the units being shipped have the non-faulty batteries. Give it a few months. You won't run out of memory as easily with this phone.
PARAG B, 10 Sep 2016Lets see.However Samsung needs to really think something out of the box to sell those 2.5m Note7's.Because you and the rest never complained about sealed batteries, and never complained about glued glass backs - this is the result when there's a problem with the battery. 
 
 This could easily have been resolved with a removable battery as the only thing being replaced.
 
 Thanks to people like you who cheered on with the Note.5 and wanted "premium" glass backs and sealed batteries, we have to endure putting on heavier cases, no chance for extended battery, have to carry power banks and degraded batteries in 6 to 12 months.
 
 Degrading battery is a fact. Even cycling between 3 batteries, my past Galaxy Notes I had to buy entire sets of originals after 16 to 18 months because I am a heavy user.
 
 Fast charge to full in "under 100 minutes"? Well I could get full charge in under 100 SECONDS even with a 10,000 mAh extended battery that gives me more than 28 hours with even heavy use of 11 hours SOT and even up to 8 GB LTE data use.
 
 I'm all for sticking with the Note7 because of the camera, memory expansion and S Pen. Because of a majority of you would rather have the Note as something to show off and less of a tool, we get a lesser practical device.; Because you and the rest never complained about sealed batteries, and never complained about glued glass backs - this is the result when there's a problem with the battery.; This could easily have been resolved with a removable battery as the only thing being replaced.; Thanks to people like you who cheered on with the Note.5 and wanted "premium" glass backs and sealed batteries, we have to endure putting on heavier cases, no chance for extended battery, have to carry power banks and degraded batteries in 6 to 12 months.; Degrading battery is a fact. Even cycling between 3 batteries, my past Galaxy Notes I had to buy entire sets of originals after 16 to 18 months because I am a heavy user.; Fast charge to full in "under 100 minutes"? Well I could get full charge in under 100 SECONDS even with a 10,000 mAh extended battery that gives me more than 28 hours with even heavy use of 11 hours SOT and even up to 8 GB LTE data use.; I'm all for sticking with the Note7 because of the camera, memory expansion and S Pen. Because of a majority of you would rather have the Note as something to show off and less of a tool, we get a lesser practical device.
PARAG B, 09 Sep 2016only after it explodes! Unfortunatly! samsung sud scrap the Note7 and make another note in the... moreParagb. Your sounding silly again. The GN7 will have the batteries fixed and faulty GN7 replaced in a couple of weeks. 
 
 You are dribbling rubbish about the camera again. The 9MP 16:9 note 7 outperforms the 16MP GN5 in all areas. See gsmarena tests.; Paragb. Your sounding silly again. The GN7 will have the batteries fixed and faulty GN7 replaced in a couple of weeks.; You are dribbling rubbish about the camera again. The 9MP 16:9 note 7 outperforms the 16MP GN5 in all areas. See gsmarena tests.
PARAG B, 10 Sep 2016Yep! That may or may not happen :pI'm pretty sure you will. That's why you're here.; I'm pretty sure you will. That's why you're here.
It should be scrapped and another one called Note 6 should be manufactured. Very saddening.; It should be scrapped and another one called Note 6 should be manufactured. Very saddening.
xp89, 09 Sep 2016Guys, recall program is good. Unlike some manufactures who blame end users. Good news is that... moreLets see.However Samsung needs to really think something out of the box to sell those 2.5m Note7's.; Lets see.However Samsung needs to really think something out of the box to sell those 2.5m Note7's.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 09 Sep 2016And yet you're telling us you will still get the Note7 anyway...Yep! That may or may not happen :p; Yep! That may or may not happen :p
Equinox Hydroid, 09 Sep 2016I like it as it is,,, edge screens makes phones more attractiveyep! It looks awesome cause of edges but i was saying that along with the edge version the flat screen version sud also be available.as what i think that the edges eats up some space of the screen plus the use of spen at the edges is not all that better than a flat screen.; yep! It looks awesome cause of edges but i was saying that along with the edge version the flat screen version sud also be available.as what i think that the edges eats up some space of the screen plus the use of spen at the edges is not all that better than a flat screen.
choton haque, 09 Sep 2016This review section is hardly any help at all. Just a bunch of kids fighting among themselves ... moreGreat to hear a photographer is making money using a smartphone.; Great to hear a photographer is making money using a smartphone.
Equinox Hydroid, 09 Sep 2016Guys i wil wait more few months till i get note 7 but how can i know the replaced unit and the... moreHere's the answer
 
 http://www.gsmarena.com/how_to_tell_if_your_gala­xy_note7_will_explode-news-20444.php; Here's the answer
PARAG B, 09 Sep 2016only after it explodes! Unfortunatly! samsung sud scrap the Note7 and make another note in the... moreGuys, recall program is good. Unlike some manufactures who blame end users.
 Good news is that those sold 2.5m phones will be sold at cheaper rates.; Guys, recall program is good. Unlike some manufactures who blame end users.; Good news is that those sold 2.5m phones will be sold at cheaper rates.
k, 09 Sep 2016DGCA bans it on Indian Airlines.Note 7 is banned from many companies around the world. Samsung need to learn from Motorola which stops making removable battery.
 
 So Samsung released a weapon instead of a phone worldwide; Note 7 is banned from many companies around the world. Samsung need to learn from Motorola which stops making removable battery.; So Samsung released a weapon instead of a phone worldwide
DGCA bans it on Indian Airlines.; DGCA bans it on Indian Airlines.
PARAG B, 09 Sep 2016only after it explodes! Unfortunatly! samsung sud scrap the Note7 and make another note in the... moreI like it as it is,,, edge screens makes phones more attractive; I like it as it is,,, edge screens makes phones more attractive
PARAG B, 09 Sep 2016only after it explodes! Unfortunatly! samsung sud scrap the Note7 and make another note in the... moreAnd yet you're telling us you will still get the Note7 anyway...; And yet you're telling us you will still get the Note7 anyway...
This review section is hardly any help at all. Just a bunch of kids fighting among themselves and arguing over their favorites and teir silly differences. I needed some serious feedbacks as i am thinking of moving on to Note 7 from Note 5. I love my Note 5 except the non-removable battery and non expandibility with external card. I like the water resistant feature as well, comes handy for I travel a lot in rain and shine as I'm a photographer. Ohhh that great camera quality of N5. I hardly ever use 16mp for fear of running out of storage. Always 6mp. So, 12mp sounds fine to me.; This review section is hardly any help at all. Just a bunch of kids fighting among themselves and arguing over their favorites and teir silly differences. I needed some serious feedbacks as i am thinking of moving on to Note 7 from Note 5. I love my Note 5 except the non-removable battery and non expandibility with external card. I like the water resistant feature as well, comes handy for I travel a lot in rain and shine as I'm a photographer. Ohhh that great camera quality of N5. I hardly ever use 16mp for fear of running out of storage. Always 6mp. So, 12mp sounds fine to me.
Best mobile ever.; Best mobile ever.
Equinox Hydroid, 09 Sep 2016Guys i wil wait more few months till i get note 7 but how can i know the replaced unit and the... moreonly after it explodes! Unfortunatly! samsung sud scrap the Note7 and make another note in the name of may be a Note6 or Note8.this time it sud have a upgraded 16:9 camera,full flat screen version and 6gb ram ,plus 128gb option available.; only after it explodes! Unfortunatly! samsung sud scrap the Note7 and make another note in the name of may be a Note6 or Note8.this time it sud have a upgraded 16:9 camera,full flat screen version and 6gb ram ,plus 128gb option available.
Only reason why i like the galaxy note series is the nicely feature packed s-pen. Like there are no other competiotion to that. Sure there is stylus serious from LG and some other "note" phones but nothing can go against galaxy note. I just wish there would be a LG or HTC...heck even a huawei phablet with a true s-pen like featured stylus.; Only reason why i like the galaxy note series is the nicely feature packed s-pen. Like there are no other competiotion to that. Sure there is stylus serious from LG and some other "note" phones but nothing can go against galaxy note. I just wish there would be a LG or HTC...heck even a huawei phablet with a true s-pen like featured stylus.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 09 Sep 2016The thing is, I'm getting a new unaffected Note7 brand new next week. The 1/42000 chance of ca... moreActually in the days of Note 2 and 3. Samsung triggered the accelerator and tried to beat Apple. And gone far ahead. Say apple is still accelerating 50KM/h to 60KM/h++. But Samsung gone directly 30KM/h to 300KM/h.
 
 Means Samsung is way ahead in innovation and other companies are still trying to chase. And in between Samsung realised and now trying to go in apple's way with different engine(Android) ejecting features one by one. First added features in every iteration but now removing major features every year.
 
 So, yeah we shouldn't cheer whatever companies do. And removable battery should come back which is easy to replace for both customers and companies. And we don't like glass back as well as curve screen. FM radio and IR blaster also are very useful features. All was great upto note 4.; Actually in the days of Note 2 and 3. Samsung triggered the accelerator and tried to beat Apple. And gone far ahead. Say apple is still accelerating 50KM/h to 60KM/h++. But Samsung gone directly 30KM/h to 300KM/h.; Means Samsung is way ahead in innovation and other companies are still trying to chase. And in between Samsung realised and now trying to go in apple's way with different engine(Android) ejecting features one by one. First added features in every iteration but now removing major features every year.; So, yeah we shouldn't cheer whatever companies do. And removable battery should come back which is easy to replace for both customers and companies. And we don't like glass back as well as curve screen. FM radio and IR blaster also are very useful features. All was great upto note 4.
ahmed tanveer, 09 Sep 2016Again,you answered aimlessly. (No insult).ohh i am really sorry. Mr self appointed note7 comments section manager.
 btw do you really kbow what you are talking abt this time.LOL; ohh i am really sorry. Mr self appointed note7 comments section manager.; btw do you really kbow what you are talking abt this time.LOL
Guys i wil wait more few months till i get note 7 but how can i know the replaced unit and the old one with that charging flaw????!!!; Guys i wil wait more few months till i get note 7 but how can i know the replaced unit and the old one with that charging flaw????!!!
PARAG B, 09 Sep 2016Ahmed .this is not to insult you but you better mind your own buisness and dont tell me where ... moreAgain,you answered aimlessly.
 (No insult).; Again,you answered aimlessly.; (No insult).
PARAG B, 09 Sep 2016Thats what! dude there is no gurrenty that the next device is not going to be defective plus I... moreAnd you've numerous times tools us you're getting the Note7 regardless the bad points you're stating about it. 
 
 Even now, you're NOT telling us "I will NOT be getting the Note7 at all"...
 
 Just place your reservation at your local Samsung store, wait for October 15, and knowing you, you'll get gold platinum because you've described getting the the Note.5 as close as a gold bar - you went gaga with that finish. You need something shiny and gold.; And you've numerous times tools us you're getting the Note7 regardless the bad points you're stating about it.; Even now, you're NOT telling us "I will NOT be getting the Note7 at all"...; Just place your reservation at your local Samsung store, wait for October 15, and knowing you, you'll get gold platinum because you've described getting the the Note.5 as close as a gold bar - you went gaga with that finish. You need something shiny and gold.
PARAG B, 09 Sep 2016Wow another foolish thinking from you .so according to you getting a free gear vr sud be the r... moreThe thing is, I'm getting a new unaffected Note7 brand new next week. The 1/42000 chance of catching fire issue is gone.
 
 If you are serious about getting a V20, go buy one, as you claimed it's being sold now.
 
 Or you get a Note7 by October. Very simple.
 
 So, what exactly else are your issues with the Note7? You want memory expansion taken out? You want higher pixels? You want flat screen version? You want removable battery back?
 
 I've already stated I hate the glass back, and non-removable battery of the Note7. These are results in cheering the Note.5 as how you put it, "the most successful of the Note line up".; The thing is, I'm getting a new unaffected Note7 brand new next week. The 1/42000 chance of catching fire issue is gone.; If you are serious about getting a V20, go buy one, as you claimed it's being sold now.; Or you get a Note7 by October. Very simple.; So, what exactly else are your issues with the Note7? You want memory expansion taken out? You want higher pixels? You want flat screen version? You want removable battery back?; I've already stated I hate the glass back, and non-removable battery of the Note7. These are results in cheering the Note.5 as how you put it, "the most successful of the Note line up".
PARAG B, 09 Sep 2016He..he..Its is very funny how you are not aware that there are already hands on ,camera , and ... moreAnd you know they are reviewers that are sent the ADVANCED V20 units, right?
 
 So no, I am NOT "rocking" a V20.; And you know they are reviewers that are sent the ADVANCED V20 units, right?; So no, I am NOT "rocking" a V20.
Samsung dangerous galaxy note 7...; Samsung dangerous galaxy note 7...
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 09 Sep 2016If you had an ounce of intelligence, you'd know the V20 is not yet being sold. This just p... moreWow another foolish thinking from you .so according to you getting a free gear vr sud be the reason i sud buy the Note7 (and still take a risk of explosion http://www.gsmarena.com/florida_mans_jeep_goes_u­p_in_flames_because_of_note7-blog-20421.php ) and not the LG V20 or the IPHONE 7 PLUS LOL...what cheap thinking you got there .dude i am not that crazy for the freebies ..remember one thing "there are no free lunches"; Wow another foolish thinking from you .so according to you getting a free gear vr sud be the reason i sud buy the Note7 (and still take a risk of explosion; ) and not the LG V20 or the IPHONE 7 PLUS LOL...what cheap thinking you got there .dude i am not that crazy for the freebies ..remember one thing "there are no free lunches"
Fire in the Hole; Fire in the Hole
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 09 Sep 2016It's funny that he does NOT know the V20 is not on sale yet.He..he..Its is very funny how you are not aware that there are already hands on ,camera , and short reviews of LGV20 that one does not need to buy or wait for a device to be sold to make a purchase choice ,That is the power of media however how foolish you to think otherwise mr NeighBoooree...LOL; He..he..Its is very funny how you are not aware that there are already hands on ,camera , and short reviews of LGV20 that one does not need to buy or wait for a device to be sold to make a purchase choice ,That is the power of media however how foolish you to think otherwise mr NeighBoooree...LOL
AmarR, 09 Sep 2016But I don't think LG V20 will justify with N5/N7. Specially S-Pen and Super Amoled display. An... moreThats what! dude there is no gurrenty that the next device is not going to be defective plus I was talking abt his karma that he use to rant 24/7 for the removable battery and stil bought a phone with a non removable battery.LOL..That is just a hight of his hypocrite behaviour.
 Btw even i know that Note7 was suppose to be a great phone however things has changed a lot abt it recently.; Thats what! dude there is no gurrenty that the next device is not going to be defective plus I was talking abt his karma that he use to rant 24/7 for the removable battery and stil bought a phone with a non removable battery.LOL..That is just a hight of his hypocrite behaviour.; Btw even i know that Note7 was suppose to be a great phone however things has changed a lot abt it recently.
Putupu, 09 Sep 2016Xperia+slow charging=safe Samsung+fast charging=explodeRead the name again: Sony.
 It says everything about super quality.; Read the name again: Sony.; It says everything about super quality.
The first samsung device which caught my eyes. Buy hey..buying this phone is like signing your death-sentence. So no TY :)
 
 PS : Not a specific fan of any brand.; The first samsung device which caught my eyes. Buy hey..buying this phone is like signing your death-sentence. So no TY :); PS : Not a specific fan of any brand.
Bunyip22, 09 Sep 2016You think the GN4 has a better camera because it is 16MP and the GN7 is 12MP? You should d... morebecause Display ppi is greater than previous phones. so 12 mp is enoug; because Display ppi is greater than previous phones. so 12 mp is enoug
Bunyip22, 09 Sep 2016You think the GN4 has a better camera because it is 16MP and the GN7 is 12MP? You should d... morefor samsung user logic , higher is better to them; for samsung user logic , higher is better to them
ZaqHydN, 09 Sep 2016REALLY?!?!! went DOWN in camera pixels, and a non-removable battery?!?!! I will N E V E R bu... moreYou think the GN4 has a better camera because it is 16MP and the GN7 is 12MP? 
 
 You should do some research on mobile sensors, low light and noise before you make yourself look silly.
 
 I have both phones and the GN7 is so far ahead in all conditions its not funny.; You think the GN4 has a better camera because it is 16MP and the GN7 is 12MP?; You should do some research on mobile sensors, low light and noise before you make yourself look silly.; I have both phones and the GN7 is so far ahead in all conditions its not funny.
AmarR, 09 Sep 2016But I don't think LG V20 will justify with N5/N7. Specially S-Pen and Super Amoled display. An... moreIt's funny that he does NOT know the V20 is not on sale yet.; It's funny that he does NOT know the V20 is not on sale yet.
fico1, 09 Sep 2016that is samsung fault,phones must be tested before you put them on sale and its not first tim... moreDo you really expect them to charge 2.5 million phones hundreds of times over to see if they explode?
 
 Get a grip. You're not being reasonable.; Do you really expect them to charge 2.5 million phones hundreds of times over to see if they explode?; Get a grip. You're not being reasonable.
Reading the people gloating about the battery issue (37 so far).
 
 Gloat, sure. But there's already enough to go on without resorting to making stuff up. By all accounts, unless I'm missing something, all 37 exploded during charging.
 
 So how, then, is it just going to explode in my pocket, as people keep saying?
 
 Seriously. Maybe some of you need a reminder of something:
 
 BENDGATE.
 
 *mic drop*; Reading the people gloating about the battery issue (37 so far).; Gloat, sure. But there's already enough to go on without resorting to making stuff up. By all accounts, unless I'm missing something, all 37 exploded during charging.; So how, then, is it just going to explode in my pocket, as people keep saying?; Seriously. Maybe some of you need a reminder of something:; BENDGATE.; *mic drop*
REALLY?!?!! went DOWN in camera pixels, and a non-removable battery?!?!! I will N E V E R buy a phone that I can't change the battery. That's like electronics #1. It's a slightly larger iPhone7.. BOO.. 
 
 I'll stick with my NOTE 4. Better camera and I can swap the battery when it finally decides to quit working so darn good.; REALLY?!?!! went DOWN in camera pixels, and a non-removable battery?!?!! I will N E V E R buy a phone that I can't change the battery. That's like electronics #1. It's a slightly larger iPhone7.. BOO..; I'll stick with my NOTE 4. Better camera and I can swap the battery when it finally decides to quit working so darn good.
Master, 08 Sep 2016LG V20 more preferable! With better camera and better sound.Sorry dude, V20 is by far the most ugliest looking phone made by LG and that pathetic battery life is a turn off.currently I am using both the s7 edge and V10 ( both had the most beautiful design) .I don't care about the removable battery cover when the battery sucks and to take out the battery again and again sucks.am keeping my v10 for sure. V20 looks ugly .; Sorry dude, V20 is by far the most ugliest looking phone made by LG and that pathetic battery life is a turn off.currently I am using both the s7 edge and V10 ( both had the most beautiful design) .I don't care about the removable battery cover when the battery sucks and to take out the battery again and again sucks.am keeping my v10 for sure. V20 looks ugly .
PARAG B, 09 Sep 2016Yeh dude its his karma.He use to troll 24/7 on Note5 page and now busy justifying Note7.LOL Su... moreBut I don't think LG V20 will justify with N5/N7. Specially S-Pen and Super Amoled display. And neighbour didn't made mistake. All will be okay after he got replacement.; But I don't think LG V20 will justify with N5/N7. Specially S-Pen and Super Amoled display. And neighbour didn't made mistake. All will be okay after he got replacement.
Anonymous, 08 Sep 2016i have Contrabanded one and without garanty !!! i can t take it back to samsung what can i do ... moreSince its a contraband one I suppose it's a fake note 7 u bought .then there is no way you can do anything about it since its not a official note 7 .; Since its a contraband one I suppose it's a fake note 7 u bought .then there is no way you can do anything about it since its not a official note 7 .
Another disaster
 http://www.gsmarena.com/florida_mans_jeep_goes_u­p_in_flames_because_of_note7-blog-20421.php; Another disaster
hey guys. i am a note 7 owner. i bought it on the 20th august and have been using it since then. i never thought note 7 would have to go through this kind of disastrous PR via design. but i thought of sharing with you guys about what i went through.
 
 i dont have a problem with it at all. i fast charge and slow charge my phone when its empty. and it never heats up. and when the reports starts coming in about note 7 exploding (to me it actually combusts, but whatever), i did worry about my phone. but as i kept using it, (and mind you, im a heavy user. with 4k videos, asphalt, flud torrents) i get more and more confident. 
 
 right now samsung malaysia is not doing the best service to its customers about the recall (shame on you, samsung malaysia) but i will keep using my note 7. i wont charge it unattended.
 
 hope you guys find this useful; hey guys. i am a note 7 owner. i bought it on the 20th august and have been using it since then. i never thought note 7 would have to go through this kind of disastrous PR via design. but i thought of sharing with you guys about what i went through.; i dont have a problem with it at all. i fast charge and slow charge my phone when its empty. and it never heats up. and when the reports starts coming in about note 7 exploding (to me it actually combusts, but whatever), i did worry about my phone. but as i kept using it, (and mind you, im a heavy user. with 4k videos, asphalt, flud torrents) i get more and more confident.; right now samsung malaysia is not doing the best service to its customers about the recall (shame on you, samsung malaysia) but i will keep using my note 7. i wont charge it unattended.; hope you guys find this useful
PARAG B, 09 Sep 2016Yeh dude its his karma.He use to troll 24/7 on Note5 page and now busy justifying Note7.LOL Su... moreIf you had an ounce of intelligence, you'd know the V20 is not yet being sold. 
 
 This just points to you just falsely telling us you like the V20, keep telling us you'd rather get a V20 because it's better than the Note7...
 
 Haha, and there you have it, you don't even know if the V20 is being sold or not which means you're totally buying the Note7 next month.
 
 Just stop pretending and tell us you've already placed an order fur the Note7. Now you get a free VR gear with no extra cost in India market.; If you had an ounce of intelligence, you'd know the V20 is not yet being sold.; This just points to you just falsely telling us you like the V20, keep telling us you'd rather get a V20 because it's better than the Note7...; Haha, and there you have it, you don't even know if the V20 is being sold or not which means you're totally buying the Note7 next month.; Just stop pretending and tell us you've already placed an order fur the Note7. Now you get a free VR gear with no extra cost in India market.
[deleted post]Xperia+slow charging=safe
 Samsung+fast charging=explode; Xperia+slow charging=safe; Samsung+fast charging=explode
PARAG B, 09 Sep 2016after all i made you write a long and boring essay which no one reads out of you anger and fru... moreNo, you didn't. It was 100% worth the effort. We got microSD slot back at least!
 
 YOU SHOULD thank us for doing the work that you will enjoy memory again once you finally get the Note7 stocks in your region in October.
 
 Just imagine if the Note7 came without memory expansion and just crappy 32 GB? It wouldn't be even worth getting at just 64 GB internal! OMG, I'd still continue Note 3 for another year!
 
 All polls point to a majority of users still needing microSD cards. Memory expansion makes sense and it's why I'm with Android in the first place. If I wanted limitation, I'd get an iPhone.
 
 I would bet Samsung will make another low profit year if Note7 came with NO memory expansion. They would contradict their memory chips division by just stop even developing UFS cards of 256 GB!
 
 I'm getting my Note7 replacement next week. Thank you for your concern about the 1 of 42000 chance that indeed it would explode WHILE CHARGING. As a precaution to the very unlikely chance, I've stopped using it, and I'm back to using my Note 3 for just over a week.; No, you didn't. It was 100% worth the effort. We got microSD slot back at least!; YOU SHOULD thank us for doing the work that you will enjoy memory again once you finally get the Note7 stocks in your region in October.; Just imagine if the Note7 came without memory expansion and just crappy 32 GB? It wouldn't be even worth getting at just 64 GB internal! OMG, I'd still continue Note 3 for another year!; All polls point to a majority of users still needing microSD cards. Memory expansion makes sense and it's why I'm with Android in the first place. If I wanted limitation, I'd get an iPhone.; I would bet Samsung will make another low profit year if Note7 came with NO memory expansion. They would contradict their memory chips division by just stop even developing UFS cards of 256 GB!; I'm getting my Note7 replacement next week. Thank you for your concern about the 1 of 42000 chance that indeed it would explode WHILE CHARGING. As a precaution to the very unlikely chance, I've stopped using it, and I'm back to using my Note 3 for just over a week.
ahmed tanveer, 08 Sep 2016Parag.You should go to v20(or any other lg phone) opinions page. You are answering people aim... moreAhmed .this is not to insult you but you better mind your own buisness and dont tell me where to go and where not.according to you recent comments it is found out that you are a kid who mostly does not know what he talks abt.again i am not trying to insult you and dont get offended.; Ahmed .this is not to insult you but you better mind your own buisness and dont tell me where to go and where not.according to you recent comments it is found out that you are a kid who mostly does not know what he talks abt.again i am not trying to insult you and dont get offended.
AmarR, 08 Sep 2016And I remember, sir was active 24/7 on Note 5 page bashing specially non removable battery. No... moreYeh dude its his karma.He use to troll 24/7 on Note5 page and now busy justifying Note7.LOL Such a hypocrite he is.
 Btw i will most probebly be rocking the LG V20 with its excellent features and with the advantage of the removable battery as a bonus.; Yeh dude its his karma.He use to troll 24/7 on Note5 page and now busy justifying Note7.LOL Such a hypocrite he is.; Btw i will most probebly be rocking the LG V20 with its excellent features and with the advantage of the removable battery as a bonus.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 08 Sep 2016How do you do it with your Note.5? Hmmm? While a mass of you did not know or not care what ... moreafter all i made you write a long and boring essay which no one reads out of you anger and frustration LOL..Btw Good luck with you note7 battery.It may explode anytime .Lol; after all i made you write a long and boring essay which no one reads out of you anger and frustration LOL..Btw Good luck with you note7 battery.It may explode anytime .Lol
Anonymous, 06 Sep 2016iPhone 6 (2014) has bendage issue... Sony Xperia Z3 plus (2015) has heat issue.. Samsung NOt... moreand m9 did have same problems like z3+
 and its not only sonys and htc fault,qualcomm made chipset
 and at least sony did fix problem in z5 with dual heatsinks; and m9 did have same problems like z3+; and its not only sonys and htc fault,qualcomm made chipset; and at least sony did fix problem in z5 with dual heatsinks
NEWS !!!!!! 75% malware infected in android phones and 5% in i phones (in the world), because of one reason whatsapp (whatsapp voice message through).; NEWS !!!!!! 75% malware infected in android phones and 5% in i phones (in the world), because of one reason whatsapp (whatsapp voice message through).
MickJ, 08 Sep 2016I can't blame samsung for the battery issues. Blame the battery maker. Haven't bought it ye... morethat is samsung fault,phones must be tested before you put them on sale
 and its not first time,few s6 did go on fire as well
 so samsung best? nope
 and yes,did somebody think i fact if phone start to burn in bed while you are sleeping you could easly burn along with phone... korean rubbish; that is samsung fault,phones must be tested before you put them on sale; and its not first time,few s6 did go on fire as well; so samsung best? nope; and yes,did somebody think i fact if phone start to burn in bed while you are sleeping you could easly burn along with phone... korean rubbish
Haha! CanI have some pop corn to see all the arguments in here. Relax people it's just a phone by the way :); Haha! CanI have some pop corn to see all the arguments in here. Relax people it's just a phone by the way :)
fruitcake, 08 Sep 2016Just seen that someones car in Florida had to put out by Firefighters have a Note 7 left in is... moreJust heard about that on the news. I'm in Clearwater so that's pretty close. Guess all the guy did was take a desk he bought into the house while leaving his Note 7 charging in his Jeep. That quick and the whole Jeep is up in flames. 
 
 What a joke of a phone. Continue trying to be Apple and this stuff will keep happening.; Just heard about that on the news. I'm in Clearwater so that's pretty close. Guess all the guy did was take a desk he bought into the house while leaving his Note 7 charging in his Jeep. That quick and the whole Jeep is up in flames.; What a joke of a phone. Continue trying to be Apple and this stuff will keep happening.
i have Contrabanded one and without garanty !!! i can t take it back to samsung what can i do for this ?! i don't use it for now but can i replace its battery in future?; i have Contrabanded one and without garanty !!! i can t take it back to samsung what can i do for this ?! i don't use it for now but can i replace its battery in future?
lol.. the big note 7 dnt have fm radio, infarred port, and still giving front 5 mp camera at 50-60K INR; lol.. the big note 7 dnt have fm radio, infarred port, and still giving front 5 mp camera at 50-60K INR
Just seen that someones car in Florida had to put out by Firefighters have a Note 7 left in is phone car charger and as now Blow Up and set the Car on Fire,Samsung might have to sort out a court case again with this Note 7 user; Just seen that someones car in Florida had to put out by Firefighters have a Note 7 left in is phone car charger and as now Blow Up and set the Car on Fire,Samsung might have to sort out a court case again with this Note 7 user
i'm still getting a note 7; i'm still getting a note 7
What's the music audio quality of Note 7 exynos version?..Anyone knows any dac information about it? Over-all what's the audio quality,not speaker audio I'm talking about. . it'll be great help to me.I have S7 edge Exynos version. Not that much I'm satisfied with its audio.
 
 Anyone please help out ?Thanks.:); What's the music audio quality of Note 7 exynos version?..Anyone knows any dac information about it? Over-all what's the audio quality,not speaker audio I'm talking about. . it'll be great help to me.I have S7 edge Exynos version. Not that much I'm satisfied with its audio.; Anyone please help out ?Thanks.:)
PARAG B, 08 Sep 2016you say that you dont care, and yet you care abt me a lot.LOL so you better decide what you wa... moreParag.You should go to v20(or any other lg phone) opinions page.
 You are answering people aimlessly to random people from many days.
 (No insult.Just a humble opinion from my side).; Parag.You should go to v20(or any other lg phone) opinions page.; You are answering people aimlessly to random people from many days.; (No insult.Just a humble opinion from my side).
Matofski, 08 Sep 2016NO IR... whatta fail....Not a deal breaker.
 It has more than 20+ points which no phone has.; Not a deal breaker.; It has more than 20+ points which no phone has.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 08 Sep 2016Haha, just get the Note7, and stop making excuses with the lesser V20. You want an updated ... moreSecret folder, for all those "YOUTUBE" videos with a lot of up and down...; Secret folder, for all those "YOUTUBE" videos with a lot of up and down...
PARAG B, 08 Sep 2016ohh really ! thanks i was really not aware of the specs of Note7! (sarcasm)Lol.. Btw how do ... moreAnd I remember, sir was active 24/7 on Note 5 page bashing specially non removable battery. Now they got expoding one after waiting 2 years LOL. And I think they hv sent N7 back. And hope using N3 with zero lemon battery until N7 back. Sir, I Wish your N7 come back soon.; And I remember, sir was active 24/7 on Note 5 page bashing specially non removable battery. Now they got expoding one after waiting 2 years LOL. And I think they hv sent N7 back. And hope using N3 with zero lemon battery until N7 back. Sir, I Wish your N7 come back soon.
PARAG B, 08 Sep 2016ohh really ! thanks i was really not aware of the specs of Note7! (sarcasm)Lol.. Btw how do ... moreHow do you do it with your Note.5? Hmmm?
 
 While a mass of you did not know or not care what the many advantages of removable battery system, wanted glass of all things on the back and just accepted for what it is - HERE'S THAT RESULT with the Note7. Thanks to people like you cheering on saying "plastic back is ugly" and "I don't care about removable battery" - I have to endure charging in the middle of the day, and having to carry a powerbank. I just used to just change to a fresh battery, or change it to an extended battery.
 
 And you call me a hypocrite after Samsung took out the memory expansion and limited the internal memory at 32GB for most countries? Well. my and others' extensive critique of the Note.5 for lacking features that the Note lineup was famous for gave back memory expansion at the VERY least.
 
 You seem to be more the hypocrite when you have deemed the camera as a downgrade, don't care about the S Pen, have already stated "Note.5 is the MOST SUCCESSFUL of the ENTIRE Note line up" many times, telling us how terrible the entire battery exploding fiasco, keep on threatening us that you'll just buy the V20, and then do a 180-degree statement that you'll get the note7 anyway.
 
 I wanted a better camera, and a better S Pen, but V20 is like midranged compared to the Note7, and definitely not in the same category without a Wacom digitizer pen. I DON't care about audio DAC as I use bluetooth earpieces all the time. V20 with only f/1.8 even if it's 16MP is not the same as the f/1.7 of the Note7. So, to me the Note7 ticks most of the things I PERSONALLY need.
 
 It's about time for my upgrade as I was suppose to get the Note.5 which ended up close to being more useless than my Note 3, especially WITHOUT memory expansion.; How do you do it with your Note.5? Hmmm?; While a mass of you did not know or not care what the many advantages of removable battery system, wanted glass of all things on the back and just accepted for what it is - HERE'S THAT RESULT with the Note7. Thanks to people like you cheering on saying "plastic back is ugly" and "I don't care about removable battery" - I have to endure charging in the middle of the day, and having to carry a powerbank. I just used to just change to a fresh battery, or change it to an extended battery.; And you call me a hypocrite after Samsung took out the memory expansion and limited the internal memory at 32GB for most countries? Well. my and others' extensive critique of the Note.5 for lacking features that the Note lineup was famous for gave back memory expansion at the VERY least.; You seem to be more the hypocrite when you have deemed the camera as a downgrade, don't care about the S Pen, have already stated "Note.5 is the MOST SUCCESSFUL of the ENTIRE Note line up" many times, telling us how terrible the entire battery exploding fiasco, keep on threatening us that you'll just buy the V20, and then do a 180-degree statement that you'll get the note7 anyway.; I wanted a better camera, and a better S Pen, but V20 is like midranged compared to the Note7, and definitely not in the same category without a Wacom digitizer pen. I DON't care about audio DAC as I use bluetooth earpieces all the time. V20 with only f/1.8 even if it's 16MP is not the same as the f/1.7 of the Note7. So, to me the Note7 ticks most of the things I PERSONALLY need.; It's about time for my upgrade as I was suppose to get the Note.5 which ended up close to being more useless than my Note 3, especially WITHOUT memory expansion.
absolut-allen, 08 Sep 2016Then get the V20 and finally be done here. We don't care. C'ya;)you say that you dont care, and yet you care abt me a lot.LOL so you better decide what you wanna do.; you say that you dont care, and yet you care abt me a lot.LOL so you better decide what you wanna do.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 08 Sep 2016Haha, just get the Note7, and stop making excuses with the lesser V20. You want an updated ... moreohh really ! thanks i was really not aware of the specs of Note7! (sarcasm)Lol..
 Btw how do you remove the battery on Note7 and replace it with a new battery in 1 second and get it to 100%? LOL; ohh really ! thanks i was really not aware of the specs of Note7! (sarcasm)Lol..; Btw how do you remove the battery on Note7 and replace it with a new battery in 1 second and get it to 100%? LOL
NO IR... whatta fail....; NO IR... whatta fail....
MickJ, 08 Sep 2016I can't blame samsung for the battery issues. Blame the battery maker. Haven't bought it ye... moreAgree; Agree
PARAG B, 08 Sep 2016I dont really need you to care abt anything man! i can talk abt whatever i feel like talking ,... moreThen get the V20 and finally be done here. We don't care. C'ya;); Then get the V20 and finally be done here. We don't care. C'ya;)
PARAG B, 08 Sep 2016I dont really need you to care abt anything man! i can talk abt whatever i feel like talking ,... moreHaha, just get the Note7, and stop making excuses with the lesser V20.
 
 You want an updated device to relate to everyone, right? Get the super smartphone of to date. Better than the S Pen? No, they are not the same category of features. A Galaxy Note is a Galaxy Note, the rest are just a big-screened smartphones without an active digitizer pen - PERIOD.
 
 Note7 - S Pen, the BEST camera with f/1.7 aperture, iris scanner, secret folder, Super AMOLED screen that, longer battery life, and I know you can't resist the Gold Platinum... You need that signature of success with that replicated shiny material, and be able to say you have the greatest device in the world.; Haha, just get the Note7, and stop making excuses with the lesser V20.; You want an updated device to relate to everyone, right? Get the super smartphone of to date. Better than the S Pen? No, they are not the same category of features. A Galaxy Note is a Galaxy Note, the rest are just a big-screened smartphones without an active digitizer pen - PERIOD.; Note7 - S Pen, the BEST camera with f/1.7 aperture, iris scanner, secret folder, Super AMOLED screen that, longer battery life, and I know you can't resist the Gold Platinum... You need that signature of success with that replicated shiny material, and be able to say you have the greatest device in the world.
absolut-allen, 08 Sep 2016The funny thing is that you come in here bashing the camera of the Note 7, then you laugh abou... moreI dont really need you to care abt anything man! i can talk abt whatever i feel like talking ,if you dont like my comments then just dont read it,simple.or i sud say that you are still mad abt the "rear cam selfie expert" joke.
 as i posted previously for me Excellent Camera ,premium built, Ir blaster,Slimport 4k tv out function and the advanced DAC on V20 are much more advanced features than a Spen on Note7 .i.e I am thinking to get the V20 instead of Note7 ...ofcource i wud wait for its through review...so you better dont decide for me.; I dont really need you to care abt anything man! i can talk abt whatever i feel like talking ,if you dont like my comments then just dont read it,simple.or i sud say that you are still mad abt the "rear cam selfie expert" joke.; as i posted previously for me Excellent Camera ,premium built, Ir blaster,Slimport 4k tv out function and the advanced DAC on V20 are much more advanced features than a Spen on Note7 .i.e I am thinking to get the V20 instead of Note7 ...ofcource i wud wait for its through review...so you better dont decide for me.
I'm a Samsung user and I'm using note 3 since 2013 no fault detected on it and in a good condition to, I ll be happy to have this flagship in hand, Keep it up Samsung; I'm a Samsung user and I'm using note 3 since 2013 no fault detected on it and in a good condition to, I ll be happy to have this flagship in hand, Keep it up Samsung
MickJ, 08 Sep 2016I can't blame samsung for the battery issues. Blame the battery maker. Haven't bought it ye... moreEr, they OWN that battery maker.
 
 I'm a long-time Galaxy Note user since 2011 I can say they really messed up this time, BIGGER than taking out the memory expansion in the Note.5.; Er, they OWN that battery maker.; I'm a long-time Galaxy Note user since 2011 I can say they really messed up this time, BIGGER than taking out the memory expansion in the Note.5.
I can't blame samsung for the battery issues. Blame the battery maker. Haven't bought it yet, but i'm still leaning towards the note 7. Seems like the best phone out there right now. Batter issue will get fixed. Samsung phone itself seems quite sturdy and well built phone; I can't blame samsung for the battery issues. Blame the battery maker. Haven't bought it yet, but i'm still leaning towards the note 7. Seems like the best phone out there right now. Batter issue will get fixed. Samsung phone itself seems quite sturdy and well built phone
LG V20 more preferable! With better camera and better sound.; LG V20 more preferable! With better camera and better sound.
chrishtovski, 07 Sep 2016note 7 no fm radio, no ir blaster, non remowable batery with explosion and sammy marketingYou can always stick the Note 2 - excellent Note, has FM radio. Or with the Note 3 and 4 with NO FM radio but with IR remote controller.
 
 Pick.
 
 V20 can't match the Note7's camera, battery life, water-resistance, Super AMOLED screen, S Pen, iris scanner, etc. While you may joke about the faulty battery, Samsung is already replacing it.
 
 I need that pen. I want the best camera.; You can always stick the Note 2 - excellent Note, has FM radio. Or with the Note 3 and 4 with NO FM radio but with IR remote controller.; Pick.; V20 can't match the Note7's camera, battery life, water-resistance, Super AMOLED screen, S Pen, iris scanner, etc. While you may joke about the faulty battery, Samsung is already replacing it.; I need that pen. I want the best camera.
PARAG B, 07 Sep 2016for many stylus is just a useless feature at the same time for some they cant live without tha... moreThe funny thing is that you come in here bashing the camera of the Note 7, then you laugh about the battery defect, then you say you're considering getting the Note 7. But, you don't say anything about the revamped S-Pen, and you continue to push the V20 and now even the iPhone 7? 
 
 If you don't care about the pen, get an S7 Edge (screen size is pretty much the same and the specs), or go somewhere else. We don't care man! Your snarky remarks are old. Take a hike.; The funny thing is that you come in here bashing the camera of the Note 7, then you laugh about the battery defect, then you say you're considering getting the Note 7. But, you don't say anything about the revamped S-Pen, and you continue to push the V20 and now even the iPhone 7?; If you don't care about the pen, get an S7 Edge (screen size is pretty much the same and the specs), or go somewhere else. We don't care man! Your snarky remarks are old. Take a hike.
This is so amazing comparing the fastest battery charger time. On the Moto Z, The iPhone 6S and the GN7. 
 
 Results, :
 
 1. Moto Z the fastest with only 69 minutes
 2. iPhone 6S with 167 minutes 
 3. Galaxy Note 7 no results. Why the battery explosed; This is so amazing comparing the fastest battery charger time. On the Moto Z, The iPhone 6S and the GN7.; Results, :; 1. Moto Z the fastest with only 69 minutes; 2. iPhone 6S with 167 minutes; 3. Galaxy Note 7 no results. Why the battery explosed
PARAG B, 07 Sep 2016He..He ..look who is talking LOL! A hypocrite! who use to rant 24/7 abt the loads of advantage... moreOh, stop with your pretend hesitancy of getting the Note7. You are here because you know and already told us that you ARE going to get it since it's the very best.
 
 Karma? 1 possibly out of 42,000 units (if i remember correctly) of catching fire while charging. And I'm still getting a brand new black onyx this 20th. LG just can't compete with what Samsung can offer in terms of features and battery stamina per charge. I'm getting an accumulated more than 7 hours SOT per charge on my Note7. Can you say the same? Nope. 
 
 I'm after the BEST camera, and with the S Pen. After using the Note7 for 2 weeks and I have a choice of cancelation of my Note7 - nothing else, even the iPhone 7 variations cannot compete. Apple is just boasting about force touch home button, 12MP camera with zoom, jet black color, water-resistance, the ugliest wireless earphones and you still have to deal with iTunes just to manage putting in media the fastest! If i wanted removable battery, I still have my Note 3 with infrared remote control.
 
 There's absolutely no doubt I'm still with the Note7 as I've also ordered D Brand skin to cover that fingerprint prone back.
 
 Note.5 and the silly S6 Edge Plus utterly were failed experiments with no memory expansion, only limited 32 GB internal for most markets, and Samsung never released any sales record saying it was "the most successful in the entire Note line up". Switchers from iPhone, and average consumers like you loved it.
 
 V20 has good looks audio DAC, yet its camera can't best the S7 and Note7's, no water-resistance and no S Pen. You and I know which gives us the best set of features...; Oh, stop with your pretend hesitancy of getting the Note7. You are here because you know and already told us that you ARE going to get it since it's the very best.; Karma? 1 possibly out of 42,000 units (if i remember correctly) of catching fire while charging. And I'm still getting a brand new black onyx this 20th. LG just can't compete with what Samsung can offer in terms of features and battery stamina per charge. I'm getting an accumulated more than 7 hours SOT per charge on my Note7. Can you say the same? Nope.; I'm after the BEST camera, and with the S Pen. After using the Note7 for 2 weeks and I have a choice of cancelation of my Note7 - nothing else, even the iPhone 7 variations cannot compete. Apple is just boasting about force touch home button, 12MP camera with zoom, jet black color, water-resistance, the ugliest wireless earphones and you still have to deal with iTunes just to manage putting in media the fastest! If i wanted removable battery, I still have my Note 3 with infrared remote control.; There's absolutely no doubt I'm still with the Note7 as I've also ordered D Brand skin to cover that fingerprint prone back.; Note.5 and the silly S6 Edge Plus utterly were failed experiments with no memory expansion, only limited 32 GB internal for most markets, and Samsung never released any sales record saying it was "the most successful in the entire Note line up". Switchers from iPhone, and average consumers like you loved it.; V20 has good looks audio DAC, yet its camera can't best the S7 and Note7's, no water-resistance and no S Pen. You and I know which gives us the best set of features...
I do have note 7 for me work great, I put in the charge all night battery take 100% full of charge.
 this one I have it is very good quality and also work super if I have to exchange l will get another note 7,i live in us miami; I do have note 7 for me work great, I put in the charge all night battery take 100% full of charge.; this one I have it is very good quality and also work super if I have to exchange l will get another note 7,i live in us miami
i chose this phone but after this bad things i want to buy xperia xz or iphone 7plus . sorry samsung maybe next year i will comeback to you buti keep my beloved note edge.; i chose this phone but after this bad things i want to buy xperia xz or iphone 7plus . sorry samsung maybe next year i will comeback to you buti keep my beloved note edge.
Savor, 07 Sep 2016I like LG more than Samsung as a company but the V20 looks inferior to Note7. LG's biggest per... moreYeah... The v20 looks pretty average compared to the note 7. Samsung will have the battery issue fixed in a couple of weeks... LG is struck with the poor looks. 
 
 Apart from average looks my issues with the V20 are it's size, small battery (LG never have good battery life) LCD screen, snapdragon isn't as good as exynos, no 240fps slow mo and no ingress protection.; Yeah... The v20 looks pretty average compared to the note 7. Samsung will have the battery issue fixed in a couple of weeks... LG is struck with the poor looks.; Apart from average looks my issues with the V20 are it's size, small battery (LG never have good battery life) LCD screen, snapdragon isn't as good as exynos, no 240fps slow mo and no ingress protection.
Anonymous, 02 Sep 2016What about older models to S5??? S5 has a removable battery, sorry son you're not getting a new phone for free.; S5 has a removable battery, sorry son you're not getting a new phone for free.
Chatur Ramalingan, 07 Sep 2016i just buy this new phone but voice calling sound is not so good...also the chrger which i get... moreyou can hear s little bit of static noise right?; you can hear s little bit of static noise right?
Savor, 07 Sep 2016I like LG more than Samsung as a company but the V20 looks inferior to Note7. LG's biggest per... morei am more intrested to see what the iphone 7 plus phablet will offer yup note7 looks more premium than V20 i give you that but v20 does not look that bad either. V20 is what i am thinking to consider a buy but i dont like that v20 does not have hardware buttons even that black bar like old htc phones is something i hate .never the less its a huge improvement over v10 which came with only a midrage sd808 soc compaired to that v20 has sd820 lets hope reviews comes out great.; i am more intrested to see what the iphone 7 plus phablet will offer yup note7 looks more premium than V20 i give you that but v20 does not look that bad either. V20 is what i am thinking to consider a buy but i dont like that v20 does not have hardware buttons even that black bar like old htc phones is something i hate .never the less its a huge improvement over v10 which came with only a midrage sd808 soc compaired to that v20 has sd820 lets hope reviews comes out great.
Iphone 7 plus will make samsung loose alot of users.....really sad for what happened to note 7 i like this device
 
 S7 edge will be the successful samsung device till now until the release of S8; Iphone 7 plus will make samsung loose alot of users.....really sad for what happened to note 7 i like this device; S7 edge will be the successful samsung device till now until the release of S8
i just buy this new phone but voice calling sound is not so good...also the chrger which i get while i m taking this phone its broken inside... never expect this from samsung; i just buy this new phone but voice calling sound is not so good...also the chrger which i get while i m taking this phone its broken inside... never expect this from samsung
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 07 Sep 2016We all know how short LG Flagship battery cab last. Sorry battery life, no S Pen, lesser perf... morenote 7 no fm radio, no ir blaster, non remowable batery with explosion and sammy marketing; note 7 no fm radio, no ir blaster, non remowable batery with explosion and sammy marketing
I always liked the option of removable battery; I always liked the option of removable battery
PARAG B, 07 Sep 2016lg v20 has its own perks dude ...dont rant for no reason.I like LG more than Samsung as a company but the V20 looks inferior to Note7. LG's biggest perk is removable battery and they are cheaper. The custom skin and features are no better. G5 and V20 didn't really wow. 
 
 I'm still going with the Note7 but the announcement of the iPhone 7 within 1-2 hours might make me reconsider. Small chance though. Hate iTunes. Need my torrent apps. Need my expandable storage. Chances are slim but I like the idea of getting a matte black iPhone 7 this year which covers up those hideous lines in the rear and then get a Note8 next year where 8 corrects the mistakes of the Note7 like iPhone 4s did for 4 and HTC One M8 did for M7.
 
 I hate glass rears and iPhone 8 will return to it. Apple is finally removing that physical home button which I also hate so much. I wanted iPhone 7 before Note7. So there is that slight possibility I will go back to my original plan from two months ago. I really do HATE iOS and iTunes though. So bland. I also want to experience VR this year. If I do get an iPhone 7, I may not buy another one until 2020. Apple likely does the three-year cycle thing. I don't want rear glass from 2017-2019. 
 
 I think Samsung made a mess here and tarnished the Note7's reputation forever. They should go back to removable battery. Trying to emulate Apple's flash over function philosophy isn't healthy for them. Be Samsung again. Don't be Apple.; I like LG more than Samsung as a company but the V20 looks inferior to Note7. LG's biggest perk is removable battery and they are cheaper. The custom skin and features are no better. G5 and V20 didn't really wow.; I'm still going with the Note7 but the announcement of the iPhone 7 within 1-2 hours might make me reconsider. Small chance though. Hate iTunes. Need my torrent apps. Need my expandable storage. Chances are slim but I like the idea of getting a matte black iPhone 7 this year which covers up those hideous lines in the rear and then get a Note8 next year where 8 corrects the mistakes of the Note7 like iPhone 4s did for 4 and HTC One M8 did for M7.; I hate glass rears and iPhone 8 will return to it. Apple is finally removing that physical home button which I also hate so much. I wanted iPhone 7 before Note7. So there is that slight possibility I will go back to my original plan from two months ago. I really do HATE iOS and iTunes though. So bland. I also want to experience VR this year. If I do get an iPhone 7, I may not buy another one until 2020. Apple likely does the three-year cycle thing. I don't want rear glass from 2017-2019.; I think Samsung made a mess here and tarnished the Note7's reputation forever. They should go back to removable battery. Trying to emulate Apple's flash over function philosophy isn't healthy for them. Be Samsung again. Don't be Apple.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 07 Sep 2016We all know how short LG Flagship battery cab last. Sorry battery life, no S Pen, lesser perf... moreHe..He ..look who is talking LOL! A hypocrite! who use to rant 24/7 abt the loads of advantages of a removable battery in Note5 forums .you see how karma works i may just get the V20 and take advantages of the removable battery 
 ..so Dont regret now as ...you bought Note7...with exploding battery .LOL so you better get the refund while there is time and buy the V20.LOL
 btw..for me Excellent Camera ,premium built, Ir blaster,Slimport 4k tv out function and the advanced DAC on V20 are much more advanced features than a Spen on Note7 .i.e I am thinking to get the V20 instead of Note7 ...ofcource i wud wait for its through review...so you better dont decide for me ..be in your note7 hangover LOL.; He..He ..look who is talking LOL! A hypocrite! who use to rant 24/7 abt the loads of advantages of a removable battery in Note5 forums .you see how karma works i may just get the V20 and take advantages of the removable battery; ..so Dont regret now as ...you bought Note7...with exploding battery .LOL so you better get the refund while there is time and buy the V20.LOL; btw..for me Excellent Camera ,premium built, Ir blaster,Slimport 4k tv out function and the advanced DAC on V20 are much more advanced features than a Spen on Note7 .i.e I am thinking to get the V20 instead of Note7 ...ofcource i wud wait for its through review...so you better dont decide for me ..be in your note7 hangover LOL.
PARAG B, 07 Sep 2016lg v20 has its own perks dude ...dont rant for no reason.We all know how short LG Flagship battery cab last. Sorry battery life, no S Pen, lesser performing cabs than the Note7 - why bother talk about it on the Note7 page.
 
 You obviously will get the Note7 anyway, despite all your pretend rants...; We all know how short LG Flagship battery cab last. Sorry battery life, no S Pen, lesser performing cabs than the Note7 - why bother talk about it on the Note7 page.; You obviously will get the Note7 anyway, despite all your pretend rants...
Anonymous, 07 Sep 2016V10 3000 battery gives just 56 hours V20 brick only has 3200 battery so bad & will give ... morelg v20 has its own perks dude ...dont rant for no reason.; lg v20 has its own perks dude ...dont rant for no reason.
why samsung note 7 battery explosion cause live camera?; why samsung note 7 battery explosion cause live camera?
We now have a case where the Note7 just caught on fire while in use - was not plugged in.
 
 The replacements are coming not fast enough. I would imagine the guy telling himself it will never happen to him, and it's only likely when charging... Another explosive revelation. One of 2.5 million. 
 
 Since I have over a week till the replacement comes, I took off the front protective film and just put on a the official thin clear back cover. That's right, it's a good a chance to see if you can get scratches with just normal use. The screen without a protective clear sticker just looks soooo good!
 
 We all know the Note7 can survive a fall and still works. If the screen cracks, you still can have it replaced if you already are just waiting for the exchange.; We now have a case where the Note7 just caught on fire while in use - was not plugged in.; The replacements are coming not fast enough. I would imagine the guy telling himself it will never happen to him, and it's only likely when charging... Another explosive revelation. One of 2.5 million.; Since I have over a week till the replacement comes, I took off the front protective film and just put on a the official thin clear back cover. That's right, it's a good a chance to see if you can get scratches with just normal use. The screen without a protective clear sticker just looks soooo good!; We all know the Note7 can survive a fall and still works. If the screen cracks, you still can have it replaced if you already are just waiting for the exchange.
cyber soldier, 07 Sep 2016hello...anyone here got a troubled note 7?? looks like the LCD screen of my note 7 has burnt r... moreOne of the note7 factoeies that built baterryes had some fault in makeing them. Thats why there are some that had that problem. Samsung stated that all potentionaly affected n7's will be replaced...; One of the note7 factoeies that built baterryes had some fault in makeing them. Thats why there are some that had that problem. Samsung stated that all potentionaly affected n7's will be replaced...
cyber soldier, 07 Sep 2016hello...anyone here got a troubled note 7?? looks like the LCD screen of my note 7 has burnt r... moreWhy dribble things that aren't true?
 Samsung will pick up your Note 7, give you a temporary phone and give you a new note 7 in 3-4 weeks. Won't cost you a cent. 
 
 Or else you can go to your re-seller for a replacement or full refund.; Why dribble things that aren't true?; Samsung will pick up your Note 7, give you a temporary phone and give you a new note 7 in 3-4 weeks. Won't cost you a cent.; Or else you can go to your re-seller for a replacement or full refund.
hello...anyone here got a troubled note 7?? looks like the LCD screen of my note 7 has burnt really bad...i don't know why caused this and it happened when i was charging my phone...i am really lucky it didn't explode because i placed it near my head while it was being charged...and i heard from news here that samsung won't replace my phone with the new one...but doesn't matter since who knows the replacement could be dangerous for me or not next time...so i don't know what to do with this phone now lol...; hello...anyone here got a troubled note 7?? looks like the LCD screen of my note 7 has burnt really bad...i don't know why caused this and it happened when i was charging my phone...i am really lucky it didn't explode because i placed it near my head while it was being charged...and i heard from news here that samsung won't replace my phone with the new one...but doesn't matter since who knows the replacement could be dangerous for me or not next time...so i don't know what to do with this phone now lol...
Really enjoying my samsung galaxy note 7! I'm so loving it! Perfect phone!; Really enjoying my samsung galaxy note 7! I'm so loving it! Perfect phone!
Equinox Hydroid, 07 Sep 2016http://www.sammobile.com/2016/09/07/exploding-galaxy-note-7-causes-1400-worth-of-damage-to-hot... moreohh man that was really a disaster.i pitty on Early Note7 adopters.; ohh man that was really a disaster.i pitty on Early Note7 adopters.
http://www.sammobile.com/2016/09/07/exploding-ga­laxy-note-7-causes-1400-worth-of-damage-to-hotel­-room/ 
 
 Its a disaster :(; Its a disaster :(
PARAG B, 07 Sep 2016here we go LGV20 specs is offical.rolling over to its hands on now..V10 3000 battery gives just 56 hours
 V20 brick only has 3200 battery
 so bad & will give only 60 hours; V10 3000 battery gives just 56 hours; V20 brick only has 3200 battery; so bad & will give only 60 hours
absolut-allen, 07 Sep 2016You either want a stylus and it's features or you don't. Phablet or not, two different types o... morefor many stylus is just a useless feature at the same time for some they cant live without that...however nothing can change the fact that its a good phablet we all expect so stop imposing your narrow thinking on others .; for many stylus is just a useless feature at the same time for some they cant live without that...however nothing can change the fact that its a good phablet we all expect so stop imposing your narrow thinking on others .
PARAG B, 07 Sep 2016you just answered your own question.as you are not buying you dont see it as a compitition.But... moreYou either want a stylus and it's features or you don't. Phablet or not, two different types of phones. No comparison just because it's a phablet.; You either want a stylus and it's features or you don't. Phablet or not, two different types of phones. No comparison just because it's a phablet.
Equinox Hydroid, 07 Sep 2016I think we have to wait more time its going bad with note 7here we go LGV20 specs is offical.rolling over to its hands on now..; here we go LGV20 specs is offical.rolling over to its hands on now..
Equinox Hydroid, 07 Sep 2016I think we have to wait more time its going bad with note 7yeh its not a good situation for Note7 but i am sure it will get away with it soon.anyways in many countries the preorders that samsung have taken has not even started to ship.; yeh its not a good situation for Note7 but i am sure it will get away with it soon.anyways in many countries the preorders that samsung have taken has not even started to ship.
absolut-allen, 07 Sep 2016I'm not even in the market for a Note 7; yet. Might not even buy it. So far not seeing much im... moreyou just answered your own question.as you are not buying you dont see it as a compitition.But i will be buying a new phablet so its but obvious that i will have to check out all the NOTE7 compititors ...that i can..its as simple as that...; you just answered your own question.as you are not buying you dont see it as a compitition.But i will be buying a new phablet so its but obvious that i will have to check out all the NOTE7 compititors ...that i can..its as simple as that...
PARAG B, 07 Sep 2016ohh another foolish behaviour from you...so you want me to compair LG stylus to Note7 LOL..Go ... moreI think we have to wait more time its going bad with note 7; I think we have to wait more time its going bad with note 7
sn, 07 Sep 2016After the huge fiasco this device is dead end only a newer version Note 8 can bring it back to life If Samsung brings the Note back to what it's known for, then yes. If they keep trying to copy iPhone, then no. So far it's not worked out well. Stick to the niche that made you profitable.; If Samsung brings the Note back to what it's known for, then yes. If they keep trying to copy iPhone, then no. So far it's not worked out well. Stick to the niche that made you profitable.
PARAG B, 07 Sep 2016dude i know you dont hate me!cause even if you do i dont care LOL.. its just that you sud un... moreI'm not even in the market for a Note 7; yet. Might not even buy it. So far not seeing much improvement (besides sd card) that's much better than Note 5. But I do check forums and comment sections to see if it's worth paying for. If not, I'll buy something else. Why does everything with you have to be competition?; I'm not even in the market for a Note 7; yet. Might not even buy it. So far not seeing much improvement (besides sd card) that's much better than Note 5. But I do check forums and comment sections to see if it's worth paying for. If not, I'll buy something else. Why does everything with you have to be competition?
After the huge fiasco this device is dead end only a newer version Note 8 can bring it back to life; After the huge fiasco this device is dead end only a newer version Note 8 can bring it back to life
absolut-allen, 07 Sep 2016Oh and another thing: I agree that 4:3 is horrible and another "Apple" copy move. I can't stan... moreTrue man even I just hate that 4:3 aspect ratio.
 However that rear camera joke! man it makes me laugh everytime i remember it , i wud never forget that one .cause you questioned the existance of the front camera only. however lets not fight abt this no more .i am done with it LOL; True man even I just hate that 4:3 aspect ratio.; However that rear camera joke! man it makes me laugh everytime i remember it , i wud never forget that one .cause you questioned the existance of the front camera only. however lets not fight abt this no more .i am done with it LOL
PARAG B, 07 Sep 2016ohh another foolish behaviour from you...so you want me to compair LG stylus to Note7 LOL..Go ... moreOh and another thing: I agree that 4:3 is horrible and another "Apple" copy move. I can't stand when Apple users send pics and they are square. Regardless if the quality is a bit better (Note 7), it's annoying. Reminds me of the old CRT TV's, or having a nice 70" HDTV and the non-hd channel pictures are squared in the middle of the screen with black bars. Zooming in to full screen dilutes the quality dramatically. 
 
 But keep on going about the rear selfie cam joke. Spend wisely!; Oh and another thing: I agree that 4:3 is horrible and another "Apple" copy move. I can't stand when Apple users send pics and they are square. Regardless if the quality is a bit better (Note 7), it's annoying. Reminds me of the old CRT TV's, or having a nice 70" HDTV and the non-hd channel pictures are squared in the middle of the screen with black bars. Zooming in to full screen dilutes the quality dramatically.; But keep on going about the rear selfie cam joke. Spend wisely!
absolut-allen, 07 Sep 2016I don't hate you at all. We are consumers spending our money on phones. Get the best phone tha... moredude i know you dont hate me!cause even if you do i dont care LOL..
 its just that you sud understand that not everyone sees Note7 the way you do or i sud say everyone thinks diffrent.PEACE 
 
 P.S You can see for yourself people are talking abt NOTE7 AND LG V20 in here and they will but that does not mean that there is some hidden agenda.so stop imagining things that are not true.; dude i know you dont hate me!cause even if you do i dont care LOL..; its just that you sud understand that not everyone sees Note7 the way you do or i sud say everyone thinks diffrent.PEACE; P.S You can see for yourself people are talking abt NOTE7 AND LG V20 in here and they will but that does not mean that there is some hidden agenda.so stop imagining things that are not true.
Mr. Exx, 07 Sep 2016Can anyone suggest a site where the Note7 vs V20 are reviewed thoroughly? I would like to ge... moredude as of now V20 specs is not fully official hence there is not through review we can find rightnow between Note7 & V20 ...however very soon we will get to know abt the confirmed specs and hopefully a full review after that.
 I am Hoping that like samsung offers some grat preorder offers just like that LG sud also offer exciting preorder deals where is we can get a ,camera accessory, 256gb memory card ,extra battery etc along with LG V20.However lets see.; dude as of now V20 specs is not fully official hence there is not through review we can find rightnow between Note7 & V20 ...however very soon we will get to know abt the confirmed specs and hopefully a full review after that.; I am Hoping that like samsung offers some grat preorder offers just like that LG sud also offer exciting preorder deals where is we can get a ,camera accessory, 256gb memory card ,extra battery etc along with LG V20.However lets see.
PARAG B, 07 Sep 2016ohh another foolish behaviour from you...so you want me to compair LG stylus to Note7 LOL..Go ... moreI don't hate you at all. We are consumers spending our money on phones. Get the best phone that supports what you want from a phone. But if you want a stylus and it's features; V20 isn't that. If you want a media based phone, go for the V20. It's pretty simple man. You and I both have to work and pay for either phone. Whatever one you decide on is your choice. It's that simple.; I don't hate you at all. We are consumers spending our money on phones. Get the best phone that supports what you want from a phone. But if you want a stylus and it's features; V20 isn't that. If you want a media based phone, go for the V20. It's pretty simple man. You and I both have to work and pay for either phone. Whatever one you decide on is your choice. It's that simple.
absolut-allen, 06 Sep 2016You obviously have an agenda with the V20, but the funny thing is you're in the wrong comments... moreohh another foolish behaviour from you...so you want me to compair LG stylus to Note7 LOL..Go get your brain checked up "Mr rear camera selfie expert".LOL
 
 Btw its not only me who will compair LG V20 to Note7..Its quite obvious as there is no other compititor to Note7...I know you hate me but that does not mean you wud become so irrational.; ohh another foolish behaviour from you...so you want me to compair LG stylus to Note7 LOL..Go get your brain checked up "Mr rear camera selfie expert".LOL; Btw its not only me who will compair LG V20 to Note7..Its quite obvious as there is no other compititor to Note7...I know you hate me but that does not mean you wud become so irrational.
im using the note 7 from 21st august.so far i dont have any issues.love this phone.not every phone is defective.so dont be afraid.im using samsung since the 1st note and galaxy s2.had no issues so far.when it comes to technology it can have defects.but the most important thing is they have accept the issue.so be with them and coorparate.; im using the note 7 from 21st august.so far i dont have any issues.love this phone.not every phone is defective.so dont be afraid.im using samsung since the 1st note and galaxy s2.had no issues so far.when it comes to technology it can have defects.but the most important thing is they have accept the issue.so be with them and coorparate.
Equinox Hydroid, 06 Sep 2016There's only one edge plus (S6 edge plus) dearohh that one then we better wait for LG V20 if spen is way important for you then Note7 but if not then LG V20 if its stands upto our expectaions.otherwise no other OEM has a android phablet can match these beasts.; ohh that one then we better wait for LG V20 if spen is way important for you then Note7 but if not then LG V20 if its stands upto our expectaions.otherwise no other OEM has a android phablet can match these beasts.
Can anyone suggest a site where the Note7 vs V20 are reviewed thoroughly? 
 I would like to get a grasp of those reviews head to head!; Can anyone suggest a site where the Note7 vs V20 are reviewed thoroughly?; I would like to get a grasp of those reviews head to head!
I have a question
 They told that 70% are defective or battery issued and 30% are ok made from China,
 How about manufactured by Vietnam? because my Samsung Note 7 are made or manufactured from Vietnam, Did have any issued from this??? any help.Are they explode or catching fire? '_'; I have a question; They told that 70% are defective or battery issued and 30% are ok made from China,; How about manufactured by Vietnam? because my Samsung Note 7 are made or manufactured from Vietnam, Did have any issued from this??? any help.Are they explode or catching fire? '_'
FilipCabz, 06 Sep 2016Waiting for battery recall on Note 7 here in Manila... No announcement yet from Samsung Phili... moreSame as me,(Naghihintay ) did you have any issued for your Note7?, for me it's fine and I check the back of phone where they manufacture I thought it's from China but sad to say It's manufactured from Vietnam and I don't know it's ok.My phone running 2 weeks na; Same as me,(Naghihintay ) did you have any issued for your Note7?, for me it's fine and I check the back of phone where they manufacture I thought it's from China but sad to say It's manufactured from Vietnam and I don't know it's ok.My phone running 2 weeks na
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 06 Sep 2016He already expressed dissatisfaction with the *downgraded" 12MP camera of the S7 Edge, despite... moreParagb is the same guy who complains that the 9MP 16:9 loses quality from the 12MP 4:3... Despite both settings having the same horizontal resolution... Clearly doesn't understand technology.; Paragb is the same guy who complains that the 9MP 16:9 loses quality from the 12MP 4:3... Despite both settings having the same horizontal resolution... Clearly doesn't understand technology.
absolut-allen, 06 Sep 2016You obviously have an agenda with the V20, but the funny thing is you're in the wrong comments... moreHe already expressed dissatisfaction with the *downgraded" 12MP camera of the S7 Edge, despite the fact that even DxOMark Mobile has ranked it number one, with overall performance. 
 
 Since the very same camera has been carried over to the Note7, he again denies it being the best. 
 
 Other complaint of his is curved screens losses some viewable areas.
 
 He lists so many things wrong about the Note7, yet considers getting it on the end. He's just pretending not being impressed.; He already expressed dissatisfaction with the *downgraded" 12MP camera of the S7 Edge, despite the fact that even DxOMark Mobile has ranked it number one, with overall performance.; Since the very same camera has been carried over to the Note7, he again denies it being the best.; Other complaint of his is curved screens losses some viewable areas.; He lists so many things wrong about the Note7, yet considers getting it on the end. He's just pretending not being impressed.
Hey m using this phone from last one week and its working fine not geeting hot while charging . not all unit affacted and i think ppl must buy who liked it i come from iphone 6s plus n m happy wid this phone. screen clearity is very good gamimg on this phone is better than iphone bcoz of its screem clearity and this phone is very fast stable; Hey m using this phone from last one week and its working fine not geeting hot while charging . not all unit affacted and i think ppl must buy who liked it i come from iphone 6s plus n m happy wid this phone. screen clearity is very good gamimg on this phone is better than iphone bcoz of its screem clearity and this phone is very fast stable
PARAG B, 06 Sep 2016hey buddy dont worry a lot ,samsung will get there sh!t together and Note7 will still rock .It... moreYou obviously have an agenda with the V20, but the funny thing is you're in the wrong comments section with that. V20 isnt a phone with stylus features, so head over to the S7 Edge area and push your agenda there.; You obviously have an agenda with the V20, but the funny thing is you're in the wrong comments section with that. V20 isnt a phone with stylus features, so head over to the S7 Edge area and push your agenda there.
Anonymous, 06 Sep 2016iPhone 6 (2014) has bendage issue... Sony Xperia Z3 plus (2015) has heat issue.. Samsung NOt... moreDude they care for customer thats y a recall which will cost them billons...
 Apple blamed the customers for their phone when its battery blasted...
 Here samsung has been nice..they could have easily blamed the customer or type c ...but excepting that they had a faulty battery is huge. That shows a great company... hatts off samsung great job..
 Using S7 edge since april..totally lovin it..and samsung doent manufacture batteries but other companies do; Dude they care for customer thats y a recall which will cost them billons...; Apple blamed the customers for their phone when its battery blasted...; Here samsung has been nice..they could have easily blamed the customer or type c ...but excepting that they had a faulty battery is huge. That shows a great company... hatts off samsung great job..; Using S7 edge since april..totally lovin it..and samsung doent manufacture batteries but other companies do
PARAG B, 06 Sep 2016you have note edge plus the one with spen ? or s6 edge plus that was launched along with Note5... moreThere's only one edge plus (S6 edge plus) dear; There's only one edge plus (S6 edge plus) dear
[deleted post]I'm getting my black onyx Note7 replacement in 2 weeks. It's not a big deal. Samsung is spending over $1 billion to make it right. So, roughly in a month, everyone who opted to exchange with a new Note7 with no problematic battery will all be safe from the risk of combustion will all be happy using it.
 
 Again, if the Note.5 to YOU is the "Most successful of the entire Note line up", why bother tell us you are considering getting a Note7?
 
 Why consider spending over $900 for something you think is not better than the Note.5 you own now?
 
 Why complain and pretend about the Note7 camera being subpar when it's the greatest camera on a smartphone?
 
 Why pretend to threaten us that you'll get the LG V20 here, on the Note7 page?
 
 There's no shame in admitting the Note7 actually impresses you, and that's why you're here in appreciation of its design build, great features, camera, water-resistance, better S Pen, and practically better than the Note.5 in every way as the best ever Galaxy Note. 
 
 Come over to the other side and place that Note7 order. I know you like the gold platinum - that's your style. Just give in, and stop pretend fighting us...; I'm getting my black onyx Note7 replacement in 2 weeks. It's not a big deal. Samsung is spending over $1 billion to make it right. So, roughly in a month, everyone who opted to exchange with a new Note7 with no problematic battery will all be safe from the risk of combustion will all be happy using it.; Again, if the Note.5 to YOU is the "Most successful of the entire Note line up", why bother tell us you are considering getting a Note7?; Why consider spending over $900 for something you think is not better than the Note.5 you own now?; Why complain and pretend about the Note7 camera being subpar when it's the greatest camera on a smartphone?; Why pretend to threaten us that you'll get the LG V20 here, on the Note7 page?; There's no shame in admitting the Note7 actually impresses you, and that's why you're here in appreciation of its design build, great features, camera, water-resistance, better S Pen, and practically better than the Note.5 in every way as the best ever Galaxy Note.; Come over to the other side and place that Note7 order. I know you like the gold platinum - that's your style. Just give in, and stop pretend fighting us...
Equinox Hydroid, 06 Sep 2016Or may I keep on my edge plus! I don't like LG phonesyou have note edge plus the one with spen ? or s6 edge plus that was launched along with Note5?
 Me too did not like Lg phones a lot as you can see in my previous post i mentioned that thr g4,g5 & V10 they all were a dispappointment as missed some or the other important aspect of the smartphone i.e i picked up the Note5 however LGV20 has nice rumored specs and hopefully lg also gives it a premium quality feel.then that cud be a diffrent situation all together.lets hope for the best .we will get the confirmed news soon.; you have note edge plus the one with spen ? or s6 edge plus that was launched along with Note5?; Me too did not like Lg phones a lot as you can see in my previous post i mentioned that thr g4,g5 & V10 they all were a dispappointment as missed some or the other important aspect of the smartphone i.e i picked up the Note5 however LGV20 has nice rumored specs and hopefully lg also gives it a premium quality feel.then that cud be a diffrent situation all together.lets hope for the best .we will get the confirmed news soon.
PARAG B, 06 Sep 2016trolling is what you did in note5 forums. btw return your note7 before it explodes.Lol.Our mission of critiquing how lacking the Note.5 was got microSD card slot back, at the very least.
 
 We voiced up for you to enjoy memory expansion again. Try explaining how you don't think memory expansion is not important. And plus the fact there weren't a lot who bought Note.5s because it was majority only 32 GB version. Your special order 64 GB ($935) was not sold regularly. You know that. And no one saw the 128 GB version being sold outside South Korea.
 
 You're welcome for getting back memory expansion.; Our mission of critiquing how lacking the Note.5 was got microSD card slot back, at the very least.; We voiced up for you to enjoy memory expansion again. Try explaining how you don't think memory expansion is not important. And plus the fact there weren't a lot who bought Note.5s because it was majority only 32 GB version. Your special order 64 GB ($935) was not sold regularly. You know that. And no one saw the 128 GB version being sold outside South Korea.; You're welcome for getting back memory expansion.
PARAG B, 06 Sep 2016hey buddy dont worry a lot ,samsung will get there sh!t together and Note7 will still rock .It... moreOr may I keep on my edge plus! I don't like LG phones; Or may I keep on my edge plus! I don't like LG phones
Bunyip22, 06 Sep 2016ParagB, If you are going to troll you really need to be correct with your facts... Otherwise ... moretrolling is what you did in note5 forums.
 btw return your note7 before it explodes.Lol.; trolling is what you did in note5 forums.; btw return your note7 before it explodes.Lol.
Just received a message from Samsung.
 
 Recalling 51,060 GN7 in Australia. There are 2 devices in Australia which have had problems. 
 
 We can choose a new GN7 (and courtesy device until replacement GN7 arrives) or a full refund. Replacement delivery is expected in 3-4 weeks.
 
 I think the courtesy device is for those who bought through Samsung Australia (like myself). I think a lot of other re-sellers are doing similar things. 
 
 Samsung says I will need to give my Note 7 to the courier (Samsung pays & organises) to get the courtesy device... this black duck will just stick with his GN7 for 3-4 weeks until new stock is available for a straight swap.
 
 Good to see Samsung going all out to fix it.; Just received a message from Samsung.; Recalling 51,060 GN7 in Australia. There are 2 devices in Australia which have had problems.; We can choose a new GN7 (and courtesy device until replacement GN7 arrives) or a full refund. Replacement delivery is expected in 3-4 weeks.; I think the courtesy device is for those who bought through Samsung Australia (like myself). I think a lot of other re-sellers are doing similar things.; Samsung says I will need to give my Note 7 to the courier (Samsung pays & organises) to get the courtesy device... this black duck will just stick with his GN7 for 3-4 weeks until new stock is available for a straight swap.; Good to see Samsung going all out to fix it.
iPhone 6 (2014) has bendage issue...
 Sony Xperia Z3 plus (2015) has heat issue..
 Samsung NOte7 (2016) has "bomb-age" issue..
 This show samsung don't care quality..
 Hopefully..IS will buy all recall Note7 to use as a 'smart bomb'
 
 Unlucky NOte 7; iPhone 6 (2014) has bendage issue...; Sony Xperia Z3 plus (2015) has heat issue..; Samsung NOte7 (2016) has "bomb-age" issue..; This show samsung don't care quality..; Hopefully..IS will buy all recall Note7 to use as a 'smart bomb'; Unlucky NOte 7
PARAG B, 06 Sep 2016Seems u r suffering from a note7 hangover.... Get well soon dude.LOLParagB, If you are going to troll you really need to be correct with your facts...
 Otherwise you look just a little silly and sad.
 
 My Note 7 has been awesome and the camera is superb. As i said a battery problem for 0.0014% of GN7 phones won't see me rushing to send it back to Samsung at this stage.; ParagB, If you are going to troll you really need to be correct with your facts...; Otherwise you look just a little silly and sad.; My Note 7 has been awesome and the camera is superb. As i said a battery problem for 0.0014% of GN7 phones won't see me rushing to send it back to Samsung at this stage.
Equinox Hydroid, 06 Sep 2016Really disappointed from the users reviews here and announcement of its major battery charging... morehey buddy dont worry a lot ,samsung will get there sh!t together and Note7 will still rock .Its just that LG V20 is expected to launch soon an is shaping up to be the best alternative to note7 and i am excited to see what it offers .Ir blaster ,4000mah removable battery,slimport 4k tv out functionality, sd820, DUAL 16mp camera setup all sound every exciting & the cherry on the cake wud be the Android 7 on LG V20 hopefully it will not disappoint me like g4 and g5 & Lg V10.; hey buddy dont worry a lot ,samsung will get there sh!t together and Note7 will still rock .Its just that LG V20 is expected to launch soon an is shaping up to be the best alternative to note7 and i am excited to see what it offers .Ir blaster ,4000mah removable battery,slimport 4k tv out functionality, sd820, DUAL 16mp camera setup all sound every exciting & the cherry on the cake wud be the Android 7 on LG V20 hopefully it will not disappoint me like g4 and g5 & Lg V10.
Bunyip22, 06 Sep 2016ParagB "Note5 was the most successfull in the entire Note line up" NO IT WASN'T. Samsung... moreSeems u r suffering from a note7 hangover.... Get well soon dude.LOL; Seems u r suffering from a note7 hangover.... Get well soon dude.LOL
PARAG B, 06 Sep 2016yeh but only in your full of assumption and imaginary world.which is backed by the justificati... moreParagB "Note5 was the most successfull in the entire Note line up"
 
 NO IT WASN'T.
 
 Samsung stopped releasing sales figures presumably because they were poor.
 Samsung has a big profit drop during the S6/GN5 period.; ParagB "Note5 was the most successfull in the entire Note line up"; NO IT WASN'T.; Samsung stopped releasing sales figures presumably because they were poor.; Samsung has a big profit drop during the S6/GN5 period.
Waiting for battery recall on Note 7 here in Manila...
 No announcement yet from Samsung Philippines.; Waiting for battery recall on Note 7 here in Manila...; No announcement yet from Samsung Philippines.
This exploding incedent will sure be ashamed on big name like samsung,maybe leave a less trust for durability and quality
 
 another big name dont have this quite problem,such as apple and sony,this 2 brand sure for quality,longlasting,,less major issue; This exploding incedent will sure be ashamed on big name like samsung,maybe leave a less trust for durability and quality; another big name dont have this quite problem,such as apple and sony,this 2 brand sure for quality,longlasting,,less major issue
The unit is good... 
 Waiting for announcement if there are battery (exploding) problems in SEA areas.; The unit is good...; Waiting for announcement if there are battery (exploding) problems in SEA areas.
Really disappointed from the users reviews here and announcement of its major battery charging flaw! Hope samsung will fix that very soon....i love this device!; Really disappointed from the users reviews here and announcement of its major battery charging flaw! Hope samsung will fix that very soon....i love this device!
AFRIZ AFRIDI, 06 Sep 2016Can i buy note 7 or not ? Please tell me your opinion friends (i'm confused)Not now just wait 2 more months in order be sure that all the current units in the markets with the flaws are replaced....its a great device and I love it and planning to get it but not now at all; Not now just wait 2 more months in order be sure that all the current units in the markets with the flaws are replaced....its a great device and I love it and planning to get it but not now at all
zikry, 06 Sep 2016What about note 7 that i just bought from china it's will explodeChina's units have no problems the rest of the countries will be recalled; China's units have no problems the rest of the countries will be recalled
People dont afraid to buy this phone cuz samsung will take care this problem with full responsibility to give us great smartphone; People dont afraid to buy this phone cuz samsung will take care this problem with full responsibility to give us great smartphone
PARAG B, 06 Sep 2016do you still use rear camera for selfies? LOL or do you need some more schooling?? LOLWeren't you the only one who was intrigued by the "rear selfie cam" plug-in in the Note 5 comment section when I mentioned it? Yep!
 
 Stop trolling, pal. Or continue to complain about the Note 7's camera and threatening to buy a V20. We don't care dude!; Weren't you the only one who was intrigued by the "rear selfie cam" plug-in in the Note 5 comment section when I mentioned it? Yep!; Stop trolling, pal. Or continue to complain about the Note 7's camera and threatening to buy a V20. We don't care dude!
What about note 7 that i just bought from china it's will explode; What about note 7 that i just bought from china it's will explode
The problem with Samsung is that they try to copy every feature they see in any other smartphone OS, that's why the have been repeatedly sued by apple (iPhone).
 Here lies the problem of Samsung note 7, they copied iris scanner from Lumia 950xl, they also made the note 7 USB type C, (which was also copied from Lumia 950xl) but when they tried to make the USB type C fast charging, they ended up making explosive devices.
 The L950xl was made of snapdragon 810, which is known to be heating, but the L950xl never exploded, they only heated up. The heating up has been solved and corrected with updates.
 So I began to wonder, what if the SN7 was made of snapdragon 810, the world would have experience multiple explosions across the globe.
 Now I know Microsoft make better hardware and software. If it can accommodate snapdragon 810 which the most dreaded processor without much issues.; The problem with Samsung is that they try to copy every feature they see in any other smartphone OS, that's why the have been repeatedly sued by apple (iPhone).; Here lies the problem of Samsung note 7, they copied iris scanner from Lumia 950xl, they also made the note 7 USB type C, (which was also copied from Lumia 950xl) but when they tried to make the USB type C fast charging, they ended up making explosive devices.; The L950xl was made of snapdragon 810, which is known to be heating, but the L950xl never exploded, they only heated up. The heating up has been solved and corrected with updates.; So I began to wonder, what if the SN7 was made of snapdragon 810, the world would have experience multiple explosions across the globe.; Now I know Microsoft make better hardware and software. If it can accommodate snapdragon 810 which the most dreaded processor without much issues.
absolut-allen, 06 Sep 2016You shoot fireworks off at Christmas?do you still use rear camera for selfies? LOL or do you need some more schooling?? LOL; do you still use rear camera for selfies? LOL or do you need some more schooling?? LOL
Bunyip22, 05 Sep 2016True but it wasn't successful sales wise and had lots of complaints. Wht r the problems you have; Wht r the problems you have
Can i buy note 7 or not ? Please tell me your opinion friends (i'm confused); Can i buy note 7 or not ? Please tell me your opinion friends (i'm confused)
absolut-allen, 06 Sep 2016You shoot fireworks off at Christmas?Fireworks are often exploded on christmas in several countries, I know that's the case in South and Central America; Fireworks are often exploded on christmas in several countries, I know that's the case in South and Central America
Bunyip22, 05 Sep 2016The battery issue is really disappointing given that the GN7 is otherwise a seriously great ph... moreOne rotten tomato will contaminate the whole basket of good tomatoes, what more if it is 35. LOL!
 
 Samsung has just made it official that the exploding Galaxy Note 7 smartphones are a real problem which according to their research and reports, may happen to one in every 42,000 units. Samsung Mobiles president Koh also stated that they have so far found 35 incidents around the world in which the Note 7 had shown signs of excessive heating, catching fire or even exploding while being charged. In light of these incidents, the smartphone will be recalled all around the world as a safety measure and as expected, sales have stopped for now as well.
 
 The battery related problem will perhaps be solved by the South Korean giant over time, but a MASSIVE DAMAGE has already been done. The exploding smartphones have not only put a blemish on an otherwise perfect series of Note devices, but the bad reputation will definitely affect the sales of Samsung smartphones in general.; One rotten tomato will contaminate the whole basket of good tomatoes, what more if it is 35. LOL!; Samsung has just made it official that the exploding Galaxy Note 7 smartphones are a real problem which according to their research and reports, may happen to one in every 42,000 units. Samsung Mobiles president Koh also stated that they have so far found 35 incidents around the world in which the Note 7 had shown signs of excessive heating, catching fire or even exploding while being charged. In light of these incidents, the smartphone will be recalled all around the world as a safety measure and as expected, sales have stopped for now as well.; The battery related problem will perhaps be solved by the South Korean giant over time, but a MASSIVE DAMAGE has already been done. The exploding smartphones have not only put a blemish on an otherwise perfect series of Note devices, but the bad reputation will definitely affect the sales of Samsung smartphones in general.
I just had a visit at my carrier's store, and they have no idea when new stocks of Note7s are coming. News of a local Samsung center advised a September 19 release. 
 
 This is all good to return a potential hazardous defective device, and being replaced. Apparently, I can cancel my entire contract if I want to. There's no immediate replacement or loan unit, and so I'll be using the Note7 with a few precautions:
 
 1. Charge with a powerbank that has an auto off after it reaches full charge - Xiaomi is one. Use with original Type C cable.
 
 2. Do not charge while on heavy use like Hotspot or gaming.
 
 3. Install battery monitors like GSam that has alarms if it is overheating, overcurrent.
 
 4. Do not use fast charging or any form of wireless charging as they contribute extra heat.
 
 5. Charge little chunks instead of one long charge after a deep discharge. It's less stressful for the battery.
 
 6. Keep the Note7 away from combustible material like paper, and best keep it on a concrete floor while charging with a powerbank. It's not a good idea to be charging it while it's in your pocket.
 
 7. Use the original Type C cable and not use fast charging.
 
 Looks like I need to wait two weeks before I get my replacement. Stay safe everyone.; I just had a visit at my carrier's store, and they have no idea when new stocks of Note7s are coming. News of a local Samsung center advised a September 19 release.; This is all good to return a potential hazardous defective device, and being replaced. Apparently, I can cancel my entire contract if I want to. There's no immediate replacement or loan unit, and so I'll be using the Note7 with a few precautions:; 1. Charge with a powerbank that has an auto off after it reaches full charge - Xiaomi is one. Use with original Type C cable.; 2. Do not charge while on heavy use like Hotspot or gaming.; 3. Install battery monitors like GSam that has alarms if it is overheating, overcurrent.; 4. Do not use fast charging or any form of wireless charging as they contribute extra heat.; 5. Charge little chunks instead of one long charge after a deep discharge. It's less stressful for the battery.; 6. Keep the Note7 away from combustible material like paper, and best keep it on a concrete floor while charging with a powerbank. It's not a good idea to be charging it while it's in your pocket.; 7. Use the original Type C cable and not use fast charging.; Looks like I need to wait two weeks before I get my replacement. Stay safe everyone.
Anonymous, 06 Sep 2016Christmas is just a few months away so this phone can be used for "explosive" firework shows, ... moreYou shoot fireworks off at Christmas?; You shoot fireworks off at Christmas?
Christmas is just a few months away so this phone can be used for "explosive" firework shows, though an expensive one to that.; Christmas is just a few months away so this phone can be used for "explosive" firework shows, though an expensive one to that.
PARAG B, 06 Sep 2016yeh but only in your full of assumption and imaginary world.which is backed by the justificati... moreWithout any figures of Samsung's sales of Note.5s, you have ASSUMED that the Note.5 was successful? They have stopped selling the Note.5 right away after even just news of the Note7 was coming out. If it really was the right formula with NO microSD slot, why even BOTHER putting in the feature of a memory expansion for the Note7?! Water-resistance, bigger battery, better camera, more features, memory expansion? Not better than the Note7?
 
 Note.5 128GB never made it on sale outside South Korea so stop insinuating that it was sold everywhere. 64GB had very limited sales market, and 64GB is not enough for people like me who would like to use a lot more space for media to maximize the use of a device, or else it's becomes a hassle to always be using OTG dongles.
 
 Why would you bother even even saying you are getting the Note7 if the NOTE.5 is "the most successful in the entire Note line up"? You complain about not having to be able to see all the screen because of the curved edge, you think the camera is lower quality despite being regarded as the BEST performing by experts?
 
 Do us a big favor and just tell us you ARE NOT getting the Note7 at all, and be done with it.; Without any figures of Samsung's sales of Note.5s, you have ASSUMED that the Note.5 was successful? They have stopped selling the Note.5 right away after even just news of the Note7 was coming out. If it really was the right formula with NO microSD slot, why even BOTHER putting in the feature of a memory expansion for the Note7?! Water-resistance, bigger battery, better camera, more features, memory expansion? Not better than the Note7?; Note.5 128GB never made it on sale outside South Korea so stop insinuating that it was sold everywhere. 64GB had very limited sales market, and 64GB is not enough for people like me who would like to use a lot more space for media to maximize the use of a device, or else it's becomes a hassle to always be using OTG dongles.; Why would you bother even even saying you are getting the Note7 if the NOTE.5 is "the most successful in the entire Note line up"? You complain about not having to be able to see all the screen because of the curved edge, you think the camera is lower quality despite being regarded as the BEST performing by experts?; Do us a big favor and just tell us you ARE NOT getting the Note7 at all, and be done with it.
Bunyip22, 05 Sep 2016True but it wasn't successful sales wise and had lots of complaints. yeh but only in your full of assumption and imaginary world.which is backed by the justification of your note7 purchase.Lol.grow up.
 
 Note5 was the most successfull in the entire Note line up it is still a wonderfull purchase.plus it does have 64 and 128gb versions .just cause your country had only 32gb version of note5 does not mean that it was not succesfull in the entire world.; yeh but only in your full of assumption and imaginary world.which is backed by the justification of your note7 purchase.Lol.grow up.; Note5 was the most successfull in the entire Note line up it is still a wonderfull purchase.plus it does have 64 and 128gb versions .just cause your country had only 32gb version of note5 does not mean that it was not succesfull in the entire world.
Rezeart KAJA, 05 Sep 2016OK if I have old news give me a new nems abuot note 7.Samsung covering a 'heart breaking amount' for Note7 replacement. 70% of the Galaxy Note7 battery units were supplied by Samsung SDI Co., while the remaining were provided by Chinese battery maker Amperex Technology. That is what you call news.; Samsung covering a 'heart breaking amount' for Note7 replacement. 70% of the Galaxy Note7 battery units were supplied by Samsung SDI Co., while the remaining were provided by Chinese battery maker Amperex Technology. That is what you call news.
Bunyip22, 05 Sep 2016I don't believe you but feel free to post a photo link with the word bunyip22 written beside i... moreyea true maybe she is apple fan :) the second reason is some people only just "lie"; yea true maybe she is apple fan :) the second reason is some people only just "lie"
This brand smae thecnical prblm and voltage complaint so other brand compare in OPPO VIVO is good quality; This brand smae thecnical prblm and voltage complaint so other brand compare in OPPO VIVO is good quality
[deleted post]I don't believe you but feel free to post a photo link with the word bunyip22 written beside it to prove me wrong.; I don't believe you but feel free to post a photo link with the word bunyip22 written beside it to prove me wrong.
Very disappointed! It doesn't have voice-to-text feature and this is what I loved about my Note 3. I used voice-to-text for everything: messages, email, notes for shopping lists, online searches etc. Why do they take away a great feature for an improved product? It's just what they did with Note 5. They took out the memory feature - SIM card on Note 5. If I bought it I wouldn't be able to transfer my pictures!
 Now I am back to typing - which is slow and time consuming- especially on the go. I used to be able to think of something I needed, go to notes,add the item w/i seconds.
 As for the battery recall, I am not surprised. My Note 7 has gotten very hot at times which concerned me from the start. I would definitely NOT recommend it.; Very disappointed! It doesn't have voice-to-text feature and this is what I loved about my Note 3. I used voice-to-text for everything: messages, email, notes for shopping lists, online searches etc. Why do they take away a great feature for an improved product? It's just what they did with Note 5. They took out the memory feature - SIM card on Note 5. If I bought it I wouldn't be able to transfer my pictures!; Now I am back to typing - which is slow and time consuming- especially on the go. I used to be able to think of something I needed, go to notes,add the item w/i seconds.; As for the battery recall, I am not surprised. My Note 7 has gotten very hot at times which concerned me from the start. I would definitely NOT recommend it.
Gm Vsg, 05 Sep 2016The funny fact is that I'm a Samsung fanatic and after hearing Note7 exploding I'm about to ju... moreYour not a note owner, no real note owner would hold a battery replacement issue in that hight of regard, free phonereplacement and move on, but as for downgrading to an iphone, no, you are like many posters, iphone Pr guys trying to wheigh in on this situation, an iphone i this day and age, be serious.; Your not a note owner, no real note owner would hold a battery replacement issue in that hight of regard, free phonereplacement and move on, but as for downgrading to an iphone, no, you are like many posters, iphone Pr guys trying to wheigh in on this situation, an iphone i this day and age, be serious.
Julliard, 05 Sep 2016You could had told us that like a hundred years later. You are so late on the news.OK if I have old news give me a new nems abuot note 7.; OK if I have old news give me a new nems abuot note 7.
Rezeart KAJA, 05 Sep 2016This smartphone has a battery problem You could had told us that like a hundred years later. You are so late on the news.; You could had told us that like a hundred years later. You are so late on the news.
This smartphone has a battery problem; This smartphone has a battery problem
exactly I have S6 Edge+ and I love it and I'm a S line fan not Note so I'll wait for the S8 edge :); exactly I have S6 Edge+ and I love it and I'm a S line fan not Note so I'll wait for the S8 edge :)
The funny fact is that I'm a Samsung fanatic and after hearing Note7 exploding I'm about to just stick with my Note5 or get a iPhone 7 I'm not trying to get a phone that explodes so good job Samsung you lost a Note7 order.; The funny fact is that I'm a Samsung fanatic and after hearing Note7 exploding I'm about to just stick with my Note5 or get a iPhone 7 I'm not trying to get a phone that explodes so good job Samsung you lost a Note7 order.
Equinox Hydroid, 05 Sep 2016But they didn't announce that they will recall its unitsTrue but it wasn't successful sales wise and had lots of complaints.; True but it wasn't successful sales wise and had lots of complaints.
Bunyip22, 05 Sep 2016No major complaints for the GN5? Samsung stopped releasing GN5 sales figures because they we... moreBut they didn't announce that they will recall its units; But they didn't announce that they will recall its units
Equinox Hydroid, 05 Sep 2016As a note fan...really am affraid of getting this note after all this complains and flaws Now... moreNo major complaints for the GN5? 
 Samsung stopped releasing GN5 sales figures because they were so poor... most of this was because it didn't have an SD card and many countries only got 32GB.; No major complaints for the GN5?; Samsung stopped releasing GN5 sales figures because they were so poor... most of this was because it didn't have an SD card and many countries only got 32GB.
Jeremy Holton, 05 Sep 2016Its not just the exploding battery which is a problem with the Note 7. I have had mine for 2 ... moreAs a note fan...really am affraid of getting this note after all this complains and flaws
 Now thinking to wait for S8 edge to replace my s6 edge plus!
 Note 5 wasn't a proper upgrade to replace my previous note 4 but note 5 was successful than note 7 as there were no major common flaws or complains.; As a note fan...really am affraid of getting this note after all this complains and flaws; Now thinking to wait for S8 edge to replace my s6 edge plus!; Note 5 wasn't a proper upgrade to replace my previous note 4 but note 5 was successful than note 7 as there were no major common flaws or complains.
Since recall worlds has toppled, into a Spin! One billion Loss on 2.5 million sets sold is nothing only 5&#8453; 
 Q3 sales. But loss of Confidence has gone.; Since recall worlds has toppled, into a Spin! One billion Loss on 2.5 million sets sold is nothing only 5&#8453;; Q3 sales. But loss of Confidence has gone.
PARAG B, 05 Sep 2016swear,angry etc what fake assumptions you have abt me dude! LOL.stop assuming too much abt me.... moreYou said "you dont know **** abt smartphones" to him.. yep that's swearing and not necessary. 
 
 Its ok, you don't need to reply about the 12MP/9MP image quality. You have stopped dribbling rubbish about the 16:9 image quality which is enough for me.; You said "you dont know **** abt smartphones" to him.. yep that's swearing and not necessary.; Its ok, you don't need to reply about the 12MP/9MP image quality. You have stopped dribbling rubbish about the 16:9 image quality which is enough for me.
Bunyip22, 05 Sep 2016Why do you need to swear at him Parag? ps, do you agree now that the 9MP 16:9 setting has t... moreswear,angry etc what fake assumptions you have abt me dude! LOL.stop assuming too much abt me.but yeh! you r also one of the self appointed Note7 fanboy even before note7 was lauched so what else can be expected from you.Lol
 Get real.
 You did not answer my previous questions and simply expecting me to answer your question.LOL R u serious??; swear,angry etc what fake assumptions you have abt me dude! LOL.stop assuming too much abt me.but yeh! you r also one of the self appointed Note7 fanboy even before note7 was lauched so what else can be expected from you.Lol; Get real.; You did not answer my previous questions and simply expecting me to answer your question.LOL R u serious??
[deleted post]Why do you need to swear at him Parag?
 
 ps, do you agree now that the 9MP 16:9 setting has the exact same image quality as the 12MP 4:3 setting (both 4032 pixels wide)? You still haven't answered it.; Why do you need to swear at him Parag?; ps, do you agree now that the 9MP 16:9 setting has the exact same image quality as the 12MP 4:3 setting (both 4032 pixels wide)? You still haven't answered it.
The battery issue is really disappointing given that the GN7 is otherwise a seriously great phone. Samsung had little choice but to do a recall even though the risks are pretty small.
 
 Worldwide there have been about 35 phones with issues out of 2,500,000 (0.0014%).
 Not one Note 7 in Australia has had a battery problem to date (out of 50,000 sold). Personally the risk of a Note 7 exploding (using the genuine charger) is tiny and the risk of injury/death is a lot less than going for a drive in your car.
 
 I will swap my Note 7 for another if i can do a direct swap at a store.. I dont want to go back to the GN4 for several weeks (changing sim etc). In the mean time I will continue to use it with the genuine charger, won't use the adapter and have turned off fast charge.
 
 Not defending Samsung or their battery supplier in this, just my thoughts :-); The battery issue is really disappointing given that the GN7 is otherwise a seriously great phone. Samsung had little choice but to do a recall even though the risks are pretty small.; Worldwide there have been about 35 phones with issues out of 2,500,000 (0.0014%).; Not one Note 7 in Australia has had a battery problem to date (out of 50,000 sold). Personally the risk of a Note 7 exploding (using the genuine charger) is tiny and the risk of injury/death is a lot less than going for a drive in your car.; I will swap my Note 7 for another if i can do a direct swap at a store.. I dont want to go back to the GN4 for several weeks (changing sim etc). In the mean time I will continue to use it with the genuine charger, won't use the adapter and have turned off fast charge.; Not defending Samsung or their battery supplier in this, just my thoughts :-)
Its not just the exploding battery which is a problem with the Note 7. I have had mine for 2 weeks and already it has a problem with a message saying it is attached to a USB connector when it isn't. The notification stays on the screen and stops you using that part of the screen. Also when I set up the secure folder run by Samsung Knox which is part of the system it jammed so I can no longer get into it. Strangely with all the iris and fingerprinting security after you have restarted the phone Knox insists on a password. Fine I have the password but then the system says 'Unfortunately Samsung keyboard has stopped' so its impossible to enter the password. I have just spent an hour and a half going through this problem with Samsung support and they dont know how to fix it other than a factory reset. Its a lovely expensive phone but a lemon and I wouldn't buy one again; Its not just the exploding battery which is a problem with the Note 7. I have had mine for 2 weeks and already it has a problem with a message saying it is attached to a USB connector when it isn't. The notification stays on the screen and stops you using that part of the screen. Also when I set up the secure folder run by Samsung Knox which is part of the system it jammed so I can no longer get into it. Strangely with all the iris and fingerprinting security after you have restarted the phone Knox insists on a password. Fine I have the password but then the system says 'Unfortunately Samsung keyboard has stopped' so its impossible to enter the password. I have just spent an hour and a half going through this problem with Samsung support and they dont know how to fix it other than a factory reset. Its a lovely expensive phone but a lemon and I wouldn't buy one again
ahmed tanveer, 04 Sep 2016V20's all specs. are leaked.It has these cons.= Worse screen type,no cgg5,no iris scanner,no ... moreNot trying to insult you. But you absolutely don't know what you're talking about.; Not trying to insult you. But you absolutely don't know what you're talking about.
I have mate 8 dual standby dual sim active is note 7 the same or just single sim active; I have mate 8 dual standby dual sim active is note 7 the same or just single sim active
Savor, 03 Sep 2016Still have some hope for this phone once everything gets cleared and the dust settles. Not... moreDid you try it the samsung Note7???; Did you try it the samsung Note7???
[deleted post]Trying to be Apple has never got Samsung anywhere. I'll wait for 8. Stocks have crashed be a use of the explosive batteries. And I don't want to hear this crap that other people are spewing that it's because of an embedded battery and type-c charging. 
 
 Note 5 until their get their heads out of their asses.; Trying to be Apple has never got Samsung anywhere. I'll wait for 8. Stocks have crashed be a use of the explosive batteries. And I don't want to hear this crap that other people are spewing that it's because of an embedded battery and type-c charging.; Note 5 until their get their heads out of their asses.
Ixe, 04 Sep 2016How about the recent news of a recall. What's the update on that? Anyone in the Philippines wh... moreI have Samsung Note 7 that I got in pre-order, it's almost 7 days to me so far it's good and I enjoy it , When the issued came that is catching fire when you charging it, I'm alarming and aware for that news, but for my phone Note7 I have no issued, If you have a question call the customer service samsung authority, and then they ask to you the code, the model number, IMEI, then the last they ask a question if replace or refund, ehehe for me I'm decided, it's your choice. ^_^; I have Samsung Note 7 that I got in pre-order, it's almost 7 days to me so far it's good and I enjoy it , When the issued came that is catching fire when you charging it, I'm alarming and aware for that news, but for my phone Note7 I have no issued, If you have a question call the customer service samsung authority, and then they ask to you the code, the model number, IMEI, then the last they ask a question if replace or refund, ehehe for me I'm decided, it's your choice. ^_^
I have mate 8 dual sim active dual sim standby is note 7 the same or just single sim active as note 5; I have mate 8 dual sim active dual sim standby is note 7 the same or just single sim active as note 5
Perhaps you all didn't no Samsung didn't recall all of the note 7 devices they just stopped sales to identify all devices with the battery cell issue and if you have want to exchange the note7 for a new one which one or a Samsung s7 or s7 edge go to your service provider or a Samsung store and ask them about the exchange program; Perhaps you all didn't no Samsung didn't recall all of the note 7 devices they just stopped sales to identify all devices with the battery cell issue and if you have want to exchange the note7 for a new one which one or a Samsung s7 or s7 edge go to your service provider or a Samsung store and ask them about the exchange program
In my opinion this should be premium phone but this one is not loud enough; In my opinion this should be premium phone but this one is not loud enough
Duro, 04 Sep 2016Hi, i got my note 7 in preorders and just to tell you it's not fragile at all, yes the back co... moreIf I'd be OK with scratches on my Note 3 (currently still using it at home) on the plastic back cover - NOT on the glued glass back material. I can always order a new back cover for the Note 3.
 
 If we look at the drops of Note7s, they aren't always going to endure drops. I'm pretty sure yours has micro cracks going to break next time you drop your Note7.; If I'd be OK with scratches on my Note 3 (currently still using it at home) on the plastic back cover - NOT on the glued glass back material. I can always order a new back cover for the Note 3.; If we look at the drops of Note7s, they aren't always going to endure drops. I'm pretty sure yours has micro cracks going to break next time you drop your Note7.
sandro lopez, 04 Sep 2016 Samsung is not the only company in the world. the choice is huge . e.g. better wait for new LG v20why wait when you have the best already; why wait when you have the best already
sandro lopez, 04 Sep 2016 Samsung is not the only company in the world. the choice is huge . e.g. better wait for new LG v20V20's all specs. are leaked.It has these cons.=
 Worse screen type,no cgg5,no iris scanner,no SpO2,no water or dust proof,no always on display,no market value(when you sell it),worse battery type,no fast charging,no 4k,no HDR,no vr.
 It even has only snapdragon version whose phones(most) are affected by quadrooter.
 Note 7 is the best phone.
 (NOTE=I am not trying to insult v20.Just telling that note 7 is a better option.); V20's all specs. are leaked.It has these cons.=; Worse screen type,no cgg5,no iris scanner,no SpO2,no water or dust proof,no always on display,no market value(when you sell it),worse battery type,no fast charging,no 4k,no HDR,no vr.; It even has only snapdragon version whose phones(most) are affected by quadrooter.; Note 7 is the best phone.; (NOTE=I am not trying to insult v20.Just telling that note 7 is a better option.)
[deleted post]Perhaps your questions would be better answered through Samsung rather than relying on random individuals throughout the world posting anonymously.; Perhaps your questions would be better answered through Samsung rather than relying on random individuals throughout the world posting anonymously.
sandro lopez, 04 Sep 2016Do not buy samsung phones , and you will not have problems&#65279;Btw i want Note 7 when released in Malaysia i think; Btw i want Note 7 when released in Malaysia i think
I just saw the Note7 here in Baguio, Philippines, because we didn't get it nationwide retailers until first week of September. Lovely device. The screen really made me go wow along with the design. Camera seemed stellar. So I am not one of the Note7 haters. It can be polarizing smartphone but it doesn't take away some of its greatness whether you love it or hate it. 
 
 I was 50/50 going with either Note7 or PS4 slim and I told myself screw it. Note7 is just too lustworthy to ignore. The Note7 is kinda like iPhone 4 and HTC One M7 to me. The 4s corrected the 4. The M8 corrected the M7. The Note8 will likely correct the Note7 flaws. I just don't get why Samsung didn't future proof it enough with a newer SoC and only 4gb RAM. Same specs we saw six months ago with the S7. Note 3 and 4 had updated specs than their S4 and S5 counterparts. Note5 and Note7 didn't really improve the S-line half a year later. 
 
 I think the Note7 still seems like a great device although it earned some notoriety with the battery recall, XDA's mentioning it lags, and easy to scratch screen. I just believe alot of the issues could have been avoided had Samsung NOT listen to the DESIGN DESIGN DESIGN whining. Corning messed it with the display. Samsung messed up putting another glass rear with a sealed battery. And not updating the specs from the S series like the Note 1 through 4 did. 
 
 Alot of people who own the Note7 is going through a honeymoon phase and kinda blinded by its beauty like those early iPhone 4 and HTC One M7 owners. Excuses and in denial. After the honeymoon phase is over, those glaring issues starts to look bigger over time whether laggy software, scratches, and shorter battery than the S7 edge. Still a great device but no longer the unanimous best smartphone of 2016. 
 
 If you can overlook the flaws, it might arguably still be the most lustworthy IT smartphone of 2016 because of its jaw dropping design, display, and best in class camera. There is no other smartphone flagship of 2016 that interest me except this Note7. Not even the similar designed S7 edge either. Controversies and flaws aside, this is still the phone to lust for in 2016. It's just so irresistible for being the sexiest Note ever made...; I just saw the Note7 here in Baguio, Philippines, because we didn't get it nationwide retailers until first week of September. Lovely device. The screen really made me go wow along with the design. Camera seemed stellar. So I am not one of the Note7 haters. It can be polarizing smartphone but it doesn't take away some of its greatness whether you love it or hate it.; I was 50/50 going with either Note7 or PS4 slim and I told myself screw it. Note7 is just too lustworthy to ignore. The Note7 is kinda like iPhone 4 and HTC One M7 to me. The 4s corrected the 4. The M8 corrected the M7. The Note8 will likely correct the Note7 flaws. I just don't get why Samsung didn't future proof it enough with a newer SoC and only 4gb RAM. Same specs we saw six months ago with the S7. Note 3 and 4 had updated specs than their S4 and S5 counterparts. Note5 and Note7 didn't really improve the S-line half a year later.; I think the Note7 still seems like a great device although it earned some notoriety with the battery recall, XDA's mentioning it lags, and easy to scratch screen. I just believe alot of the issues could have been avoided had Samsung NOT listen to the DESIGN DESIGN DESIGN whining. Corning messed it with the display. Samsung messed up putting another glass rear with a sealed battery. And not updating the specs from the S series like the Note 1 through 4 did.; Alot of people who own the Note7 is going through a honeymoon phase and kinda blinded by its beauty like those early iPhone 4 and HTC One M7 owners. Excuses and in denial. After the honeymoon phase is over, those glaring issues starts to look bigger over time whether laggy software, scratches, and shorter battery than the S7 edge. Still a great device but no longer the unanimous best smartphone of 2016.; If you can overlook the flaws, it might arguably still be the most lustworthy IT smartphone of 2016 because of its jaw dropping design, display, and best in class camera. There is no other smartphone flagship of 2016 that interest me except this Note7. Not even the similar designed S7 edge either. Controversies and flaws aside, this is still the phone to lust for in 2016. It's just so irresistible for being the sexiest Note ever made...
ahmed tanveer, 04 Sep 2016Wow what a solution!
 Samsung is not the only company in the world. the choice is huge . e.g. better wait for new LG v20; Samsung is not the only company in the world. the choice is huge . e.g. better wait for new LG v20
sandro lopez, 04 Sep 2016Do not buy samsung phones , and you will not have problems&#65279;Wow what a solution!; Wow what a solution!
[deleted post]You are semi correct, note 7 isn't launched in regular sales, but you could already have it in preorders, i got mine 02.09.; You are semi correct, note 7 isn't launched in regular sales, but you could already have it in preorders, i got mine 02.09.
Equinox Hydroid, 04 Sep 2016I think i will wait to jan 2017 to be sure that all the units with that flaw already replaced ... moreEveryone has his own choice.; Everyone has his own choice.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 04 Sep 2016Exact what I've been expression on the Note.5 page. The Note 4 was perfect - utilitarian and ... moreHi, i got my note 7 in preorders and just to tell you it's not fragile at all, yes the back cover aint asgood as on note 3, in my opinion note 3 had the best back cover of all phones, but i already managed to drop my note 7 on the floor out of my pocket, aprox 1m height (im tall) and it didn't get even 1 small scratch, so it is durable; Hi, i got my note 7 in preorders and just to tell you it's not fragile at all, yes the back cover aint asgood as on note 3, in my opinion note 3 had the best back cover of all phones, but i already managed to drop my note 7 on the floor out of my pocket, aprox 1m height (im tall) and it didn't get even 1 small scratch, so it is durable
Bunyau engau Mujap, 04 Sep 2016U dont know about Note 7 news? That is EPLOSIONS PROBLEM!!!Do not buy samsung phones , and you will not have problems&#65279;; Do not buy samsung phones , and you will not have problems&#65279;
How about the recent news of a recall. What's the update on that? Anyone in the Philippines who encountered the same scenario?; How about the recent news of a recall. What's the update on that? Anyone in the Philippines who encountered the same scenario?
Savor , 04 Sep 2016The problem started last year when Samsung decided to listen to the fashionista segment who wh... moreExact what I've been expression on the Note.5 page. The Note 4 was perfect - utilitarian and best in specs. After that came the disappointment 5 with only 32 GB version sold in most markets WITHOUT the 64 GB version - without memory expansion and removable battery.
 
 And here comes the Note7 having the battery issue being blamed (i think it's about Type C cable with the battery being incompatible with fast charging). If it was just the battery, the only thing to do is to easily supply new REMOVABLE battery.
 
 You're right about Samsung following fashionistas in wanting some fragile thing inn their pockets. They hardly even use the S Pen for practical applications like sketching or jotting notes.; Exact what I've been expression on the Note.5 page. The Note 4 was perfect - utilitarian and best in specs. After that came the disappointment 5 with only 32 GB version sold in most markets WITHOUT the 64 GB version - without memory expansion and removable battery.; And here comes the Note7 having the battery issue being blamed (i think it's about Type C cable with the battery being incompatible with fast charging). If it was just the battery, the only thing to do is to easily supply new REMOVABLE battery.; You're right about Samsung following fashionistas in wanting some fragile thing inn their pockets. They hardly even use the S Pen for practical applications like sketching or jotting notes.
ahmed tanveer, 04 Sep 2016You will be able to buy note 7 in October(most probably).I think i will wait to jan 2017 to be sure that all the units with that flaw already replaced in the market; I think i will wait to jan 2017 to be sure that all the units with that flaw already replaced in the market
TechLord777, 04 Sep 2016For example, maybe some people have manipulated the devices and are deceiving Samsung. But th... moreDon't be too eager for note 8 or s8.; Don't be too eager for note 8 or s8.
Bunyau engau Mujap, 04 Sep 2016U dont know about Note 7 news? That is EPLOSIONS PROBLEM!!!I know about it.
 Samsung are working on it and I don't think that they will take one or two year in solving it.
 The more they delay,the more lose they will face.
 So,I think they will start to sell note 7 again in mid October.; I know about it.; Samsung are working on it and I don't think that they will take one or two year in solving it.; The more they delay,the more lose they will face.; So,I think they will start to sell note 7 again in mid October.
ahmed tanveer, 04 Sep 2016You will be able to buy note 7 in October(most probably).U dont know about Note 7 news?
 
 
 That is EPLOSIONS PROBLEM!!!; U dont know about Note 7 news?; That is EPLOSIONS PROBLEM!!!
The problem started last year when Samsung decided to listen to the fashionista segment who whined about Samsung's DESIGN and BUILD QUALITY for years in 2013-2014. Majority of strangers don't notice or even care what phone another person is holding. I certainly don't. 
 
 I really hope Samsung learns from this and bring back removable battery to the Note line. The J series have it. Why can't the Note? They could have easily avoided losing more money had it just been a battery recall and not trying to replace the entire device. I could live with faux leather back or matte plastic as long as they are replaceable. 
 
 Note series was supposed to be a PRODUCTIVITY device. Not some "planned obsolescence fashion accessory" that Apple users treat their iPhone as before getting disposed in two years. This glass rear stuff, non-removable battery, and no sd slot is complete nonsense that Apple tried to go backwards with the industry. 
 
 But by Samsung going style over substance, fashion over function last year, this is what happens. Explosion inside the phones and Samsung's wallets. The phone fashionistas don't know jack about tech. As long as it is pretty design and in a pretty color, they will buy it. The practical users are more forward thinking with the features and usage. 
 
 Go back to being practical again, Samsung. I hope LG and Nokia troll Samsung for this since they still maintained their practicality and common sense. Removable battery, please? I don't want to base my usage by the lifespan of a sealed battery. And if the rear breaks, I can replace it too. Samsung lost their practical edge by going edge...; The problem started last year when Samsung decided to listen to the fashionista segment who whined about Samsung's DESIGN and BUILD QUALITY for years in 2013-2014. Majority of strangers don't notice or even care what phone another person is holding. I certainly don't.; I really hope Samsung learns from this and bring back removable battery to the Note line. The J series have it. Why can't the Note? They could have easily avoided losing more money had it just been a battery recall and not trying to replace the entire device. I could live with faux leather back or matte plastic as long as they are replaceable.; Note series was supposed to be a PRODUCTIVITY device. Not some "planned obsolescence fashion accessory" that Apple users treat their iPhone as before getting disposed in two years. This glass rear stuff, non-removable battery, and no sd slot is complete nonsense that Apple tried to go backwards with the industry.; But by Samsung going style over substance, fashion over function last year, this is what happens. Explosion inside the phones and Samsung's wallets. The phone fashionistas don't know jack about tech. As long as it is pretty design and in a pretty color, they will buy it. The practical users are more forward thinking with the features and usage.; Go back to being practical again, Samsung. I hope LG and Nokia troll Samsung for this since they still maintained their practicality and common sense. Removable battery, please? I don't want to base my usage by the lifespan of a sealed battery. And if the rear breaks, I can replace it too. Samsung lost their practical edge by going edge...
ahmed tanveer, 04 Sep 2016Many phones have li-po batteries but only Samsung is having this problem. I think its not abo... moreFor example, maybe some people have manipulated the devices and are deceiving Samsung.
 But that is not that likely. I wonder, why something like that never happened in the labotary tests.
 
 Here are some examples of how Samsung could have made a better device:
 -The camera's purpose is not being a part of the design language. I suggest, that the Galaxy S8 will have a frameless camera, where the lens is barely visible on the black colour variant. 
 -2160p@60fps (smooth + detail; 30fps to spare at half playback speed), 1440p@180fps, 1080p@240fps (a quarter playback speed, and you have still got those smooth sixty frames per second to spare!) , 720p@480fps (wasn't there an 1080p@480fps MT6795?
 -Unlimited burst shots (100 is a large improvement to thirty, and is mostly enough, and the S7 shoots at 22 photos per second, which is really unbeatably fast, but why not contiune shooting at 101 photos, but at a lower speed, which is better than Nothing?
 -Physical Camera Shutter button (which allows reserving volume keys for video recording)
 - 8 GB RAM and 5000+ mAh battery (I do not care about thickness!)
 
 But I wonder, how much the next year's Note 8 (this post was written in 2016) will cause confusion with the Note 8.0-Tablet from early 2013.; For example, maybe some people have manipulated the devices and are deceiving Samsung.; But that is not that likely. I wonder, why something like that never happened in the labotary tests.; Here are some examples of how Samsung could have made a better device:; -The camera's purpose is not being a part of the design language. I suggest, that the Galaxy S8 will have a frameless camera, where the lens is barely visible on the black colour variant.; -2160p@60fps (smooth + detail; 30fps to spare at half playback speed), 1440p@180fps, 1080p@240fps (a quarter playback speed, and you have still got those smooth sixty frames per second to spare!) , 720p@480fps (wasn't there an 1080p@480fps MT6795?; -Unlimited burst shots (100 is a large improvement to thirty, and is mostly enough, and the S7 shoots at 22 photos per second, which is really unbeatably fast, but why not contiune shooting at 101 photos, but at a lower speed, which is better than Nothing?; -Physical Camera Shutter button (which allows reserving volume keys for video recording); - 8 GB RAM and 5000+ mAh battery (I do not care about thickness!); But I wonder, how much the next year's Note 8 (this post was written in 2016) will cause confusion with the Note 8.0-Tablet from early 2013.
pros.. s-pen , good camera , good display , good battery !
 cons... exploding . edge style . not optimised; pros.. s-pen , good camera , good display , good battery !; cons... exploding . edge style . not optimised
Equinox Hydroid, 04 Sep 2016In my country stopped selling Note 7 due to its charging flaw and for those who already bought... moreYou will be able to buy note 7 in October(most probably).; You will be able to buy note 7 in October(most probably).
[deleted post]Go and give your story to Disney.
 They will be interested in your rubbish story.
 I bet you didn't even owned note 7.; Go and give your story to Disney.; They will be interested in your rubbish story.; I bet you didn't even owned note 7.
Rumata, 03 Sep 2016Almost perfect phone, but the curved display was a huge mistake. Anatomically absurd and tota... moreIt provides more grip to phone and phone looks different and awesome with edge.; It provides more grip to phone and phone looks different and awesome with edge.
fruitcake, 03 Sep 2016Will the Exploding lithium battery on the Note 7 finally make Samsung switch to a more secure ... moreMany phones have li-po batteries but only Samsung is having this problem.
 I think its not about battery type.Its something else which Samsung is trying to figure out and solve.; Many phones have li-po batteries but only Samsung is having this problem.; I think its not about battery type.Its something else which Samsung is trying to figure out and solve.
Samsung fan, 03 Sep 2016I hope that samsung will avoid its mistakes in note15. I had note3 and note4 edge. Unfortunat... moreMate 8 has these cons.=
 Worse screen type,low resolution,no 4k,no vr,no iris scanner,old,buggy software,bad gpu,low pixels,worse camera(than note 7),no type c,no wireless charging,no HDR,no edge screen,no water or dust proof,no always on display,worse battery type,low benchmarks,no SpO2,old chipset,old processor.
 I think these cons. are enough to break deal with mate 8.
 Note 7 is the best.; Mate 8 has these cons.=; Worse screen type,low resolution,no 4k,no vr,no iris scanner,old,buggy software,bad gpu,low pixels,worse camera(than note 7),no type c,no wireless charging,no HDR,no edge screen,no water or dust proof,no always on display,worse battery type,low benchmarks,no SpO2,old chipset,old processor.; I think these cons. are enough to break deal with mate 8.; Note 7 is the best.
23231, 03 Sep 2016galaxy note 8 should be like this. PC and phone https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wzc... moreDon't be too eager.; Don't be too eager.
Bunyau engau Mujap, 03 Sep 2016I think u know what Note 7 problem is.I didn't got what you said.; I didn't got what you said.
PARAG B, 02 Sep 2016dude cameras on lg g5 is anytime better than of s7 ,s7 edge and Note7. rest of the specs are ... moreNote 7 has (first ever phone having)cgg5 on both sides,brighest phone,(first ever phone with)dual edge screen,(too much)improved s pen,IP68 certified(dust and water proof),sAMOLED 5.7 inches(big) screen,1440×2560 pixels(518 ppi pixel density),(first ever and improved)grace ui,always on display,exynos 8890 chipset(octa core with great benchmark),mali-T880m12(great gpu),4 gb ram with 64 gb rom,expandable storage,same cameras of S7E(which won a lot of awards for camera),better li-po battery,(first ever samsung phone with)type c connector,(first ever phone with)iris scanner which is great,SpO2,fast charging,wireless charging,3500mAh(large battery),HDR display.
 I think these specs. are great.; Note 7 has (first ever phone having)cgg5 on both sides,brighest phone,(first ever phone with)dual edge screen,(too much)improved s pen,IP68 certified(dust and water proof),sAMOLED 5.7 inches(big) screen,1440×2560 pixels(518 ppi pixel density),(first ever and improved)grace ui,always on display,exynos 8890 chipset(octa core with great benchmark),mali-T880m12(great gpu),4 gb ram with 64 gb rom,expandable storage,same cameras of S7E(which won a lot of awards for camera),better li-po battery,(first ever samsung phone with)type c connector,(first ever phone with)iris scanner which is great,SpO2,fast charging,wireless charging,3500mAh(large battery),HDR display.; I think these specs. are great.
In my country stopped selling Note 7 due to its charging flaw and for those who already bought it they will replace the devices for free that was an official announcement from samsung here! Really sooooo disappointed :( :S; In my country stopped selling Note 7 due to its charging flaw and for those who already bought it they will replace the devices for free that was an official announcement from samsung here! Really sooooo disappointed :( :S
Anonymous, 04 Sep 2016LOL! I have been using wireless FAST charging with my 64GB Note 5 ever since. There was never... moreA big DUH right there. I was NOT talking about fast wireless charging. I was talking about charging with third-party USB Type-C cables with logic chips that are not compatible with the fast charger.
 
 Reread what I said and REALLY watch the video. The video demonstrates the danger that happen with incompatible cables, and was to help Note7 with Type C connection to avoid using fast charging with third-party cables - even with recognized brands.
 
 Looks like manufacturers are not yet coordinated with the standards with USB Type-C and fast-charging with using Type-C cables.
 
 You aren't contributing to these forums, might as well keep mum if you don't have anything helpful to say.; A big DUH right there. I was NOT talking about fast wireless charging. I was talking about charging with third-party USB Type-C cables with logic chips that are not compatible with the fast charger.; Reread what I said and REALLY watch the video. The video demonstrates the danger that happen with incompatible cables, and was to help Note7 with Type C connection to avoid using fast charging with third-party cables - even with recognized brands.; Looks like manufacturers are not yet coordinated with the standards with USB Type-C and fast-charging with using Type-C cables.; You aren't contributing to these forums, might as well keep mum if you don't have anything helpful to say.
Anonymous, 04 Sep 2016Faulty battery, never mind. Safety is more important than those features. Note 5 is safer. I'... moreYes, I'm getting back a more stable battery. I'm covered for one year, and I get the still best. The thing about storage cards is I treat them as really temporary. You think I keep my only copies on my card? Sorry, my OneDrive is constantly uploading and updating all my important folders.
 
 Just don't get the Note7 then, with all your complaints. Let see you go back on your word.; Yes, I'm getting back a more stable battery. I'm covered for one year, and I get the still best. The thing about storage cards is I treat them as really temporary. You think I keep my only copies on my card? Sorry, my OneDrive is constantly uploading and updating all my important folders.; Just don't get the Note7 then, with all your complaints. Let see you go back on your word.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 02 Sep 2016STOP using quick charging! Amid this controversy of exploding Note7 while charging, I am no... moreLOL! I have been using wireless FAST charging with my 64GB Note 5 ever since.
 There was never any news of Note 5 exploding.
 Now here you are depending the faulty Note 7 explosion here and there.
 Samsung itself already recalled all units sold, that is the same thing as admitting that Note 7 is really dangerous. Wake up blind troll!; LOL! I have been using wireless FAST charging with my 64GB Note 5 ever since.; There was never any news of Note 5 exploding.; Now here you are depending the faulty Note 7 explosion here and there.; Samsung itself already recalled all units sold, that is the same thing as admitting that Note 7 is really dangerous. Wake up blind troll!
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 03 Sep 2016Well, as per Samsung's order for a recall of every Note7 sold before China market, I'm giving ... moreFaulty battery, never mind. Safety is more important than those features.
 Note 5 is safer. I'd rather wait for the next Note phone.
 Good luck with your files in the 256GB microSD card once it exploded. LOL!; Faulty battery, never mind. Safety is more important than those features.; Note 5 is safer. I'd rather wait for the next Note phone.; Good luck with your files in the 256GB microSD card once it exploded. LOL!
PARAG B, 03 Sep 2016me too! Man however Note7 is currently having lots of issues but samsung took a wise step to r... moreDoes the LG V20 have the pen?; Does the LG V20 have the pen?
OM! This phone is not safe!
 Note 5 is better and safe.
 Don't trade safety for microSD card support, it is not worth your life.; OM! This phone is not safe!; Note 5 is better and safe.; Don't trade safety for microSD card support, it is not worth your life.
A proper BANG for your buck! Hahaha; A proper BANG for your buck! Hahaha
While some of the Note.5 owners are coming here complaining how the Note7 is not worth the upgrade, here are 10 reasons why the Note7 is better than than last year's Note:
 
 1. Better screen tech with max 1000 nits brightness, HDR playback.
 
 2. Front and back ambient light sensor for better autobrightness control. 
 
 3. Better S Pen with smaller tip and twice more levels of pressure sensitivity at 4096 and accuracy. 
 
 4. Better Camera - best performing for both stills and video with f/1.7 sensor.
 
 5. More base storage at 64 GB as 32 GB was the only option for most countries for the Note.5. 
 
 6. Water-resistance - rain, snow, pool accidents.
 
 7. Memory expansion as opposed to the general 32 GB availability of the Note.5. 
 
 8. USB Type C port for future proofing and transfer speed. 
 
 9. New software features - secret folder, edge software, S Pen translate, magnifying, GIF making.
 
 10. Iris scanner as a backup way of unlocking.
 
 11. Bigger battery and longer usage time.
 
 Both during their launch cost were pretty much the same, yet for better value with functions - guess which is better for your money?; While some of the Note.5 owners are coming here complaining how the Note7 is not worth the upgrade, here are 10 reasons why the Note7 is better than than last year's Note:; 1. Better screen tech with max 1000 nits brightness, HDR playback.; 2. Front and back ambient light sensor for better autobrightness control.; 3. Better S Pen with smaller tip and twice more levels of pressure sensitivity at 4096 and accuracy.; 4. Better Camera - best performing for both stills and video with f/1.7 sensor.; 5. More base storage at 64 GB as 32 GB was the only option for most countries for the Note.5.; 6. Water-resistance - rain, snow, pool accidents.; 7. Memory expansion as opposed to the general 32 GB availability of the Note.5.; 8. USB Type C port for future proofing and transfer speed.; 9. New software features - secret folder, edge software, S Pen translate, magnifying, GIF making.; 10. Iris scanner as a backup way of unlocking.; 11. Bigger battery and longer usage time.; Both during their launch cost were pretty much the same, yet for better value with functions - guess which is better for your money?
PARAG B, 03 Sep 2016That is correct man!Note7 is having lots of issues. even i am not happy with the gorrila glass... moreJust stick to the Note.5 if you're not even happy with the camera, you think the glass are very scratchy, and all the excuses you keep telling. 
 
 Yet it's contradictory that you're considering moving up to the Note7 with all your negativity about it.; Just stick to the Note.5 if you're not even happy with the camera, you think the glass are very scratchy, and all the excuses you keep telling.; Yet it's contradictory that you're considering moving up to the Note7 with all your negativity about it.
PARAG B, 03 Sep 2016me too! Man however Note7 is currently having lots of issues but samsung took a wise step to r... moreIts Apple's chance now to gain more users specially after this fail by Note 7 :(
 Hope samsung fixes that very soon! I was waiting to upgrade my S6 edge plus to note 7; Its Apple's chance now to gain more users specially after this fail by Note 7 :(; Hope samsung fixes that very soon! I was waiting to upgrade my S6 edge plus to note 7
I loved my Note 7 from the first day I received it. It has a lot of features and applications including Microsoft office. The screen display is very crispy clear The 256 micro sd card expandable memory is very useful to store photos, MP3 songs and even movies.; I loved my Note 7 from the first day I received it. It has a lot of features and applications including Microsoft office. The screen display is very crispy clear The 256 micro sd card expandable memory is very useful to store photos, MP3 songs and even movies.
Almost perfect phone, but the curved display was a huge mistake.
 Anatomically absurd and totally useless.
 It's against the common sense.; Almost perfect phone, but the curved display was a huge mistake.; Anatomically absurd and totally useless.; It's against the common sense.
ahmed tanveer, 03 Sep 2016Can you tell some of them?I think u know what Note 7 problem is.; I think u know what Note 7 problem is.
Savor, 03 Sep 2016Still have some hope for this phone once everything gets cleared and the dust settles. Not... more1. the software isn't laggy. it isn't the butteriest or the smoothest out there but it isn't laggy at all. been using my note 7 for about a week now and it hasn't lagged. maybe a few hiccups but they're much fewer than the ones i experienced with my note 4, which even then weren't very common. i don't know why people love to blow things out of proportion when talking about touchwiz and lags. the plainest fact is that no, it isn't laggy. 
 
 2. i'm not very well versed when it comes to ram management so i'm just going to say that in my experience, having more than 20 apps in the background doesn't appear to elicit any problems. most apps aren't closed but i admit there are some that do have to restart.
 
 3. still no scratches for me, and the sides are the ones that aren't covered by a screen protector. the metal chassis is still pristine. so far so good. 
 
 4. the exploding battery is indeed something to worry about. while they say it's not likely to happen, better safe than sorry. the global recall is a good initiative and i'd be willing to have my unit exchanged just so that i don't have to worry about the battery exploding on me. 
 
 5. i have the exynos version, and so far no reboot loops. might be isolated cases but other flagships have this problem too. 
 
 all in all, it's far from perfect, but nothing really is. however, it meets the needs of people who constantly have to jot things down or work on the go.; 1. the software isn't laggy. it isn't the butteriest or the smoothest out there but it isn't laggy at all. been using my note 7 for about a week now and it hasn't lagged. maybe a few hiccups but they're much fewer than the ones i experienced with my note 4, which even then weren't very common. i don't know why people love to blow things out of proportion when talking about touchwiz and lags. the plainest fact is that no, it isn't laggy.; 2. i'm not very well versed when it comes to ram management so i'm just going to say that in my experience, having more than 20 apps in the background doesn't appear to elicit any problems. most apps aren't closed but i admit there are some that do have to restart.; 3. still no scratches for me, and the sides are the ones that aren't covered by a screen protector. the metal chassis is still pristine. so far so good.; 4. the exploding battery is indeed something to worry about. while they say it's not likely to happen, better safe than sorry. the global recall is a good initiative and i'd be willing to have my unit exchanged just so that i don't have to worry about the battery exploding on me.; 5. i have the exynos version, and so far no reboot loops. might be isolated cases but other flagships have this problem too.; all in all, it's far from perfect, but nothing really is. however, it meets the needs of people who constantly have to jot things down or work on the go.
i wish screen should be wider it's look like edge i did not like it the only thing is good is sd card; i wish screen should be wider it's look like edge i did not like it the only thing is good is sd card
according to samsung, it's the battery casing that's faulty and not the battery itself. they were able to continue shipping units to china since the company they hired to make the battery and its case was not the one that made the faulty ones.; according to samsung, it's the battery casing that's faulty and not the battery itself. they were able to continue shipping units to china since the company they hired to make the battery and its case was not the one that made the faulty ones.
Will the Exploding lithium battery on the Note 7 finally make Samsung switch to a more secure type of battery in there future phones,critics now are really going to check out every Samsung phone battery they use on there phones,just seen on phone arena claiming there S7 Edge as now exploded while charging overnight,one thing you should never do,just think if Samsung would have used the replaceable battery option on the Note 7 then the problem could have been sorted out a lot easier,Hope the Samsung S8 edge does not offer lithium battery and put Samsung into more trouble; Will the Exploding lithium battery on the Note 7 finally make Samsung switch to a more secure type of battery in there future phones,critics now are really going to check out every Samsung phone battery they use on there phones,just seen on phone arena claiming there S7 Edge as now exploded while charging overnight,one thing you should never do,just think if Samsung would have used the replaceable battery option on the Note 7 then the problem could have been sorted out a lot easier,Hope the Samsung S8 edge does not offer lithium battery and put Samsung into more trouble
I hope that samsung will avoid its mistakes in note15.
 I had note3 and note4 edge. Unfortunately Both devices had hardware problems.
 So i advice all my friends to go to Huawei mate8; I hope that samsung will avoid its mistakes in note15.; I had note3 and note4 edge. Unfortunately Both devices had hardware problems.; So i advice all my friends to go to Huawei mate8
galaxy note 8 should be like this. 
 
 PC and phone 
 
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wzc0uMXGFBY 
 
 or else Samsung have no chance...; galaxy note 8 should be like this.; PC and phone; or else Samsung have no chance...
SJM32, 03 Sep 2016Congrats mate. Same as me. Expecting my first child in January. If it is true what the Ano... moreThanks for the reply, you are very friendly :); Thanks for the reply, you are very friendly :)
I think the issue regarding the battery has to do with the quick charge feature. While it's useful for last minute charging, it probably damages the battery by adding the extra voltage causing it to overheat. It would explain why iPhone had the same issue.
 
 ... But don't go by me, I might be wrong.; I think the issue regarding the battery has to do with the quick charge feature. While it's useful for last minute charging, it probably damages the battery by adding the extra voltage causing it to overheat. It would explain why iPhone had the same issue.; ... But don't go by me, I might be wrong.
Savor, 03 Sep 2016Still have some hope for this phone once everything gets cleared and the dust settles. Not... moreThat is correct man!Note7 is having lots of issues. even i am not happy with the gorrila glass 5 on Note7 as it gets scratches easily .i never used screen protector on any of my smartphones before as i hate the feeling of the screen protector and also that the screen looks very bad if the screen protector gets scratched which tends to happen a lot.but i guess if i buy Note7 i will have to put a screen protector on my Note7 and stilltake care of it like a new born baby to make sure the screen protector does not gets scratched .LOL; That is correct man!Note7 is having lots of issues. even i am not happy with the gorrila glass 5 on Note7 as it gets scratches easily .i never used screen protector on any of my smartphones before as i hate the feeling of the screen protector and also that the screen looks very bad if the screen protector gets scratched which tends to happen a lot.but i guess if i buy Note7 i will have to put a screen protector on my Note7 and stilltake care of it like a new born baby to make sure the screen protector does not gets scratched .LOL
Bunyau engau Mujap, 03 Sep 2016Nice phone but have too many problemCan you tell some of them?; Can you tell some of them?
Still have some hope for this phone once everything gets cleared and the dust settles. 
 
 Note7 problems - 
 
 Laggy software
 Bad RAM management 
 Scratches easily on both sides
 Exploding battery (1 out of 42K)
 Reboot loop on Exynos versions 
 
 The exploding battery isn't a major qualm for me since Type C is a new standard and fast charging does make a phone HOT when charging. Neither does an S-Pen getting stuck. But this is a $900 phone. Problems like that shouldn't exist. Maybe on a $100 phone, we should have far higher tolerance with flaws. Not for a phone that cost nearly a grand. 
 
 Still, I read a thread in Android Central "if people will leave Note7 and where will you go if you did?" Most said they still LOVE their Note7 and will be staying put. Note7 is kinda like the iPhone 4 where it is heavily loved and criticized. Like Kobe or LeBron. Polarizing. Love or hate or both. Love and hate, you can still admire some of their greatness. 
 
 Even with Note7's glaring issues, you can't deny it having a great display, camera, and aesthetically pleasing design. Also the many other features it already has.That's the love part. The hate part is the stuff I listed above and being overpriced. Note7 is most polarizing and maligned smartphone I have seen since iPhone 4.
 
 It is now a matter of faith if you still believe in the Note7. Testing your faith and loyalty. There isn't any other 2016 flagship I want but a Note7. It checkmarks all the needs for me. The rest look inferior to me which includes LG V20, iPhone 7, and Google Pixel (Nexus Marlin) or whatever they will call it. Either Note7 or getting back into video games.; Still have some hope for this phone once everything gets cleared and the dust settles.; Note7 problems -; Laggy software; Bad RAM management; Scratches easily on both sides; Exploding battery (1 out of 42K); Reboot loop on Exynos versions; The exploding battery isn't a major qualm for me since Type C is a new standard and fast charging does make a phone HOT when charging. Neither does an S-Pen getting stuck. But this is a $900 phone. Problems like that shouldn't exist. Maybe on a $100 phone, we should have far higher tolerance with flaws. Not for a phone that cost nearly a grand.; Still, I read a thread in Android Central "if people will leave Note7 and where will you go if you did?" Most said they still LOVE their Note7 and will be staying put. Note7 is kinda like the iPhone 4 where it is heavily loved and criticized. Like Kobe or LeBron. Polarizing. Love or hate or both. Love and hate, you can still admire some of their greatness.; Even with Note7's glaring issues, you can't deny it having a great display, camera, and aesthetically pleasing design. Also the many other features it already has.That's the love part. The hate part is the stuff I listed above and being overpriced. Note7 is most polarizing and maligned smartphone I have seen since iPhone 4.; It is now a matter of faith if you still believe in the Note7. Testing your faith and loyalty. There isn't any other 2016 flagship I want but a Note7. It checkmarks all the needs for me. The rest look inferior to me which includes LG V20, iPhone 7, and Google Pixel (Nexus Marlin) or whatever they will call it. Either Note7 or getting back into video games.
Anonymous, 03 Sep 2016Camera is no need to change. It seems like the iPhone 7 will get the same camera as S7 and S7 ... moreBut LG and Sony lack a lot of awesome features which are only available in Samsung.; But LG and Sony lack a lot of awesome features which are only available in Samsung.
Equinox Hydroid, 03 Sep 2016Samsung now is loosing its business because of this device by recalling its units of note 7 be... moreme too! Man however Note7 is currently having lots of issues but samsung took a wise step to recall all the units and get there sh!t together.In the mean while Iphone7 and Iphone 7 plus is going to take some advantage of the situation but we all know that there is not going to be anything very special abt Iphones like everytime .
 However I am more intrested abt LG V20 as it is going to be the another best alternative to Note7 but LG V20 sud have the best specs (like rumored specs of 4000 mah battery ,20mp sensor with atleast f1.7 apreture,6gb Ram and apart from 64gb the 128gb modals sud also be available ) in the market to beat the Note7's spen and Amoled screen and water and dust proofing and premium built of Note7. lets hope for the best.
 
 Btw some one here hates if people talk abt other compiting smartphones as it hurts his Note7 fanboy feelings LOL.; me too! Man however Note7 is currently having lots of issues but samsung took a wise step to recall all the units and get there sh!t together.In the mean while Iphone7 and Iphone 7 plus is going to take some advantage of the situation but we all know that there is not going to be anything very special abt Iphones like everytime .; However I am more intrested abt LG V20 as it is going to be the another best alternative to Note7 but LG V20 sud have the best specs (like rumored specs of 4000 mah battery ,20mp sensor with atleast f1.7 apreture,6gb Ram and apart from 64gb the 128gb modals sud also be available ) in the market to beat the Note7's spen and Amoled screen and water and dust proofing and premium built of Note7. lets hope for the best.; Btw some one here hates if people talk abt other compiting smartphones as it hurts his Note7 fanboy feelings LOL.
mir, 03 Sep 2016Give it up, mate. You simply don't know what you're talking about.but you will still not not mind your own buisness.Right? 
 Stop pretending to be smartass. cause u know what? you are not .LOL; but you will still not not mind your own buisness.Right?; Stop pretending to be smartass. cause u know what? you are not .LOL
Bunyip22, 03 Sep 2016Ok, lets ignore the GN5, V20 etc. Do you agree that the 9MP 16:9 has the same image quality... moreare you serious abt asking me that question again?LOL...Go be in your Note7 fanboy mode being real is not your cup of the tea. & Why sud i not talk abt Note5 or LG v20 ? does it hurt you?; are you serious abt asking me that question again?LOL...Go be in your Note7 fanboy mode being real is not your cup of the tea. & Why sud i not talk abt Note5 or LG v20 ? does it hurt you?
sam, 03 Sep 2016I was waiting for note7 but for battery issues I m confused,either I ll go for it not,plz any1... moreWait an go for note 7; Wait an go for note 7
When it will be available in stores of India; When it will be available in stores of India
Nice phone but have too many problem; Nice phone but have too many problem
I was waiting for note7 but for battery issues I m confused,either I ll go for it not,plz any1 suggest me in my point of view there is no smart phone as I like most like n7, now I'm using s7e.if note7 ok than may I go for it...and also I'm angry to samsung for delaing about n7 in Bangladesh.; I was waiting for note7 but for battery issues I m confused,either I ll go for it not,plz any1 suggest me in my point of view there is no smart phone as I like most like n7, now I'm using s7e.if note7 ok than may I go for it...and also I'm angry to samsung for delaing about n7 in Bangladesh.
samsung is drown into a deep sea by battery exploides & recall issue.......shame.....shame....shame samsung; samsung is drown into a deep sea by battery exploides & recall issue.......shame.....shame....shame samsung
Well, as per Samsung's order for a recall of every Note7 sold before China market, I'm giving back mine this week - after two weeks of use.
 
 My Telco is giving me a choice of availing another "similar" device. Any other device would just be behind - why would I want an S7 Edge?
 
 With just that faulty battery, the camera, S Pen, Super AMOLED display, battery performance/efficiency, auto-maintenance, fingerprint scanner are performing as good as expected. 
 
 I'm getting it back the Note7 in any case.; Well, as per Samsung's order for a recall of every Note7 sold before China market, I'm giving back mine this week - after two weeks of use.; My Telco is giving me a choice of availing another "similar" device. Any other device would just be behind - why would I want an S7 Edge?; With just that faulty battery, the camera, S Pen, Super AMOLED display, battery performance/efficiency, auto-maintenance, fingerprint scanner are performing as good as expected.; I'm getting it back the Note7 in any case.
Bunyip22, 03 Sep 2016I went from the GN4 to the GN7 mainly for the camera. My baby daughter is 3 months and i nee... moreCongrats mate. Same as me. Expecting my first child in January. 
 
 If it is true what the Anom said above then I may stick to the IPhone 7 but I will wait & see. 
 
 & in reply to the Anom, I wouldn't touch an LG, know a few people that have them & had nothing but issues here in the UK but XZ does interest me. But if the iPhone 7 does have the same Samsung camera & Apple make good use of the dual lens on the 7 Plus then I could be sold.; Congrats mate. Same as me. Expecting my first child in January.; If it is true what the Anom said above then I may stick to the IPhone 7 but I will wait & see.; & in reply to the Anom, I wouldn't touch an LG, know a few people that have them & had nothing but issues here in the UK but XZ does interest me. But if the iPhone 7 does have the same Samsung camera & Apple make good use of the dual lens on the 7 Plus then I could be sold.
SJM32, 03 Sep 2016I went for iPhone because I wanted something that played music very well. Had an iPod classic ... moreCamera is no need to change. It seems like the iPhone 7 will get the same camera as S7 and S7 Edge and Note7. So that means, 7 Plus camera will be better because of 2 modules. Only if you wait for S8 you can change. New Xperia XZ also has good camera as well as LG G5 I think; Camera is no need to change. It seems like the iPhone 7 will get the same camera as S7 and S7 Edge and Note7. So that means, 7 Plus camera will be better because of 2 modules. Only if you wait for S8 you can change. New Xperia XZ also has good camera as well as LG G5 I think
SJM32, 03 Sep 2016I went for iPhone because I wanted something that played music very well. Had an iPod classic ... moreI went from the GN4 to the GN7 mainly for the camera. 
 My baby daughter is 3 months and i need a mobile camera that is great in low light :-)
 It is superb imho but so are 1 or two other phones. 
 
 The battery issue is disappointing but with 50,000+ GN7 phones sold in Australia not 1 has had a problem. I am leaning towards keeping it despite the recall but will see.; I went from the GN4 to the GN7 mainly for the camera.; My baby daughter is 3 months and i need a mobile camera that is great in low light :-); It is superb imho but so are 1 or two other phones.; The battery issue is disappointing but with 50,000+ GN7 phones sold in Australia not 1 has had a problem. I am leaning towards keeping it despite the recall but will see.
Samsung now is loosing its business because of this device by recalling its units of note 7 because of charging issues :( really its a big hit for samsung i was planning to get this device :(; Samsung now is loosing its business because of this device by recalling its units of note 7 because of charging issues :( really its a big hit for samsung i was planning to get this device :(
Anonymous, 03 Sep 2016Not to mention that the iPhone had issues with exploding batteries and didn't issue a recall. ... moreHere, many things are not given
 
 1. Was the iPhone jailbroken?
 2. Did he charge it with a non-certified wall plug or cable?
 3. Did this fat case he used not allow the heat to conduct right?
 
 And also, this is only one report of something like that. With the Galaxy Note7, there were about 40 reports just a few days after the release of the phone so this is a big difference; Here, many things are not given; 1. Was the iPhone jailbroken?; 2. Did he charge it with a non-certified wall plug or cable?; 3. Did this fat case he used not allow the heat to conduct right?; And also, this is only one report of something like that. With the Galaxy Note7, there were about 40 reports just a few days after the release of the phone so this is a big difference
Megerd, 03 Sep 2016Are those the only things you can come up to against android? You probably don't know tech tha... moreSo what did I do wrong. I'm 99% sure I know more about tech than you since I'm interested in phones of every kind since years and you are probably the typical Samsung fanboy who says "most Android phones have 8 cores and 4GB Ram, so they are better than iPhone with 2 cores and 2GB Ram"; So what did I do wrong. I'm 99% sure I know more about tech than you since I'm interested in phones of every kind since years and you are probably the typical Samsung fanboy who says "most Android phones have 8 cores and 4GB Ram, so they are better than iPhone with 2 cores and 2GB Ram"
Bunyip22, 03 Sep 2016I had nokias for years but went to iphones because of the bigger 3.5" screen. Bit ironic that... moreI went for iPhone because I wanted something that played music very well. Had an iPod classic for years so decided on the iPhone 3GS. 
 
 Find it strange that I am now considering my next phone based on camera & I use my fiancées GS6 to take pictures so was going to go for the N7 but waiting now.; I went for iPhone because I wanted something that played music very well. Had an iPod classic for years so decided on the iPhone 3GS.; Find it strange that I am now considering my next phone based on camera & I use my fiancées GS6 to take pictures so was going to go for the N7 but waiting now.
SJM32, 03 Sep 2016Fair enough. That is all stuff that I understand, can do if I Jailbreak (apart from SD Card &a... moreI had nokias for years but went to iphones because of the bigger 3.5" screen.
 Bit ironic that i thien left iphones for bigger 5.3" screen.
 
 I agree that iPhones are easy to use.; I had nokias for years but went to iphones because of the bigger 3.5" screen.; Bit ironic that i thien left iphones for bigger 5.3" screen.; I agree that iPhones are easy to use.
Bunyip22, 03 Sep 2016Iphones are good phones and have a good OS. I used them for a few years but found them to simp... moreFair enough. That is all stuff that I understand, can do if I Jailbreak (apart from SD Card & OTG) but choose not to. 
 
 I would change if I needed a SD card but I'm happy with my 64gb as it is. 
 
 The thing that I don't get is that people were saying for years 'Nokia is the best, so easy to use!!'', Apple have continued with an easy to use Smartphone & people are saying that it's to easy!; Fair enough. That is all stuff that I understand, can do if I Jailbreak (apart from SD Card & OTG) but choose not to.; I would change if I needed a SD card but I'm happy with my 64gb as it is.; The thing that I don't get is that people were saying for years 'Nokia is the best, so easy to use!!'', Apple have continued with an easy to use Smartphone & people are saying that it's to easy!
Anonymous, 03 Sep 2016Not to mention that the iPhone had issues with exploding batteries and didn't issue a recall. ... moreSamsung give their customers respect.
 Almost all of the phone companies have no respect for their customers.
 Samsung is having a lot of loss in this recall.
 But because of their customer's safety,they are recalling all phones.
 And some a**holes say that Samsung doesn't respect their customers.; Samsung give their customers respect.; Almost all of the phone companies have no respect for their customers.; Samsung is having a lot of loss in this recall.; But because of their customer's safety,they are recalling all phones.; And some a**holes say that Samsung doesn't respect their customers.
SJM32, 03 Sep 2016Ok. I haven't had my Mac or PC for around 6 months & I can still put music on my phone (Ap... moreIphones are good phones and have a good OS. I used them for a few years but found them to simple and the 4" screens were simply too small when the GN1 came out.
 
 One of my biggest bug bears was iTunes and the fact that Android worked more like a PC.
 Not having USB OTG, file explorer & micro SD kills apple for me.; Iphones are good phones and have a good OS. I used them for a few years but found them to simple and the 4" screens were simply too small when the GN1 came out.; One of my biggest bug bears was iTunes and the fact that Android worked more like a PC.; Not having USB OTG, file explorer & micro SD kills apple for me.
Smiling Eddie, 03 Sep 2016They decided to go for a non-swappable battery and now they're paying the price for it: produc... moreBattery problem is not due to non removable feature.
 S7E,S7,S6,S6E,S6E+,Mate 8,P9,P9+,Iphone 6,6+,6S+,6S=
 All have non removable battery but no mobile has this problem.
 It is due to something else.; Battery problem is not due to non removable feature.; S7E,S7,S6,S6E,S6E+,Mate 8,P9,P9+,Iphone 6,6+,6S+,6S=; All have non removable battery but no mobile has this problem.; It is due to something else.
PARAG B, 03 Sep 2016me swear and angry lol another assumption! i guess your the one who is feeling swear or angry ... moreGive it up, mate. You simply don't know what you're talking about.; Give it up, mate. You simply don't know what you're talking about.
PARAG B, 03 Sep 2016me swear and angry lol another assumption! i guess your the one who is feeling swear or angry ... moreOk, lets ignore the GN5, V20 etc.
 
 Do you agree that the 9MP 16:9 has the same image quality as the 12MP 4:3?; Ok, lets ignore the GN5, V20 etc.; Do you agree that the 9MP 16:9 has the same image quality as the 12MP 4:3?
[deleted post]Ok. I haven't had my Mac or PC for around 6 months & I can still put music on my phone (Apple Music or Spotify) & delete albums without the need of iTunes!
 
 I have come to realise that after reading all your comments that you truly despise iOS & that is fair enough, that's you opinion. I don't agree with it but neither of us are right or wrong about this. 
 
 What I don't like is the way you say that iOS is for basic people who don't understand Smartphones & such & such. To me that is a dick move! People choose phones on their needs & preferences, some on looks. I choose iOS because I know it, I prefer the way it operates, I prefer the smoothness of the iOS, I prefer not having to wait for updates to come out & having to wait for the manufacturer of the handset to ok the update & then waiting for the carrier to ok the update. If I want to do extra customisation then I will Jailbreak it. I can sidel load Apps if I really want to, without Jailbreak. I haven't transferred anything via Bluetooth since my old Nokia days, if I want to send something then I will use email, a messaging App or sms. Again, haven't used a Micro SD card since I had my HTC M8 (fancied a change & hated the OS but loved the phone) so there is little need for it now. Gesture swipes annoy me & I find it more easier to go where I need to go instead of drawing something on my screen & smudging it. 
 
 Yes, iOS is far from perfect but it is also fair from being an OS 'for people who really don't know how to use their phone!; Ok. I haven't had my Mac or PC for around 6 months & I can still put music on my phone (Apple Music or Spotify) & delete albums without the need of iTunes!; I have come to realise that after reading all your comments that you truly despise iOS & that is fair enough, that's you opinion. I don't agree with it but neither of us are right or wrong about this.; What I don't like is the way you say that iOS is for basic people who don't understand Smartphones & such & such. To me that is a dick move! People choose phones on their needs & preferences, some on looks. I choose iOS because I know it, I prefer the way it operates, I prefer the smoothness of the iOS, I prefer not having to wait for updates to come out & having to wait for the manufacturer of the handset to ok the update & then waiting for the carrier to ok the update. If I want to do extra customisation then I will Jailbreak it. I can sidel load Apps if I really want to, without Jailbreak. I haven't transferred anything via Bluetooth since my old Nokia days, if I want to send something then I will use email, a messaging App or sms. Again, haven't used a Micro SD card since I had my HTC M8 (fancied a change & hated the OS but loved the phone) so there is little need for it now. Gesture swipes annoy me & I find it more easier to go where I need to go instead of drawing something on my screen & smudging it.; Yes, iOS is far from perfect but it is also fair from being an OS 'for people who really don't know how to use their phone!
Bunyip22, 03 Sep 2016No need to swear and get angry because you don't like being shown to be wrong. GSM arena s... moreme swear and angry lol another assumption! i guess your the one who is feeling swear or angry .
 
 and stop posting obvious statements, nobody likes to be shown wrong, not only me ! Lol
 Btw If LG V20 fails to impress me i will definetly buy Note7 but that does not mean i have to love note7's camera or ignore note7's drawbacks and be a blind fanboy like you.
 
 Get real Dude!; me swear and angry lol another assumption! i guess your the one who is feeling swear or angry .; and stop posting obvious statements, nobody likes to be shown wrong, not only me ! Lol; Btw If LG V20 fails to impress me i will definetly buy Note7 but that does not mean i have to love note7's camera or ignore note7's drawbacks and be a blind fanboy like you.; Get real Dude!
PARAG B, 03 Sep 2016hello mr! you dont know sh!t abt what i was talking even with 12mp the photos & videos of ... moreNo need to swear and get angry because you don't like being shown to be wrong. 
 
 GSM arena said the 3 phones where virtually the same in daylight performance but the note 7 won because it had a better dynamic range in tricky conditions. 
 
 Like I said. If you don't like the 12MP 4:3 then use the 9MP 16:9... It has the exact same image quality that beat the GN5. 
 
 The image resolution of the 9MP and 12MP is all anyone needs to see that there is no quality loss. 
 
 GN7 4:3 12MP photo is 4032x3024.
 GN7 16:9 9MP photo is 4032x2268; No need to swear and get angry because you don't like being shown to be wrong.; GSM arena said the 3 phones where virtually the same in daylight performance but the note 7 won because it had a better dynamic range in tricky conditions.; Like I said. If you don't like the 12MP 4:3 then use the 9MP 16:9... It has the exact same image quality that beat the GN5.; The image resolution of the 9MP and 12MP is all anyone needs to see that there is no quality loss.; GN7 4:3 12MP photo is 4032x3024.; GN7 16:9 9MP photo is 4032x2268
Bunyip22, 03 Sep 2016Speaking of schooling. Do you understand now that the 9MP camera has IDENTICAL image quality o... morehello mr! you dont know sh!t abt what i was talking even with 12mp the photos & videos of s7,s7 edge and note7 is no where as detailed as of Note5 photos and videos in DAYTIME.Plus you also get the 16:9 aspect ratio..with note5 not the ugly 4:3.
 
 You need to go back to yous books now.
 & no point in posting links and pretending here that you are giving proofs lol...even if i want i can post lots of links in here but i know what i am talking abt and dont need to show off any proofs.; hello mr! you dont know sh!t abt what i was talking even with 12mp the photos & videos of s7,s7 edge and note7 is no where as detailed as of Note5 photos and videos in DAYTIME.Plus you also get the 16:9 aspect ratio..with note5 not the ugly 4:3.; You need to go back to yous books now.; & no point in posting links and pretending here that you are giving proofs lol...even if i want i can post lots of links in here but i know what i am talking abt and dont need to show off any proofs.
PARAG B, 03 Sep 2016ohh i c! i.e if i am not wrong you bought 2 note5's Lol! did i ever tell you that you sud not... moreSpeaking of schooling. Do you understand now that the 9MP camera has IDENTICAL image quality of the 12MP? It just gets pixels removed at the top and bottom to create a 16:9 image.; Speaking of schooling. Do you understand now that the 9MP camera has IDENTICAL image quality of the 12MP? It just gets pixels removed at the top and bottom to create a 16:9 image.
absolut-allen, 03 Sep 2016It's not an assumption, it's an opinion. Do I need to school you yet again Parag?ohh i c! i.e if i am not wrong you bought 2 note5's Lol!
 did i ever tell you that you sud not have bought two note5 ?
 
 if it was only a opinion then why did you reply it to me?
 post it as a comman opinion.
 I dont need YOUR opinion to decide whether i sud buy note7 or not!
 
 remember i schooled you in Note5 forums abt the front camera being very useful for selfies cause we can see ourselfs in the screen but you kept on blabering that the rear camera is better for selfies LOL.How foolish was that of you.
 I think you need more schooling...LOL; ohh i c! i.e if i am not wrong you bought 2 note5's Lol!; did i ever tell you that you sud not have bought two note5 ?; if it was only a opinion then why did you reply it to me?; post it as a comman opinion.; I dont need YOUR opinion to decide whether i sud buy note7 or not!; remember i schooled you in Note5 forums abt the front camera being very useful for selfies cause we can see ourselfs in the screen but you kept on blabering that the rear camera is better for selfies LOL.How foolish was that of you.; I think you need more schooling...LOL
mir, 03 Sep 2016Be sure to understand what the other person is saying first before you reply to their comments.why do you have to interfear in between! Lol.
 mind your own buisness!; why do you have to interfear in between! Lol.; mind your own buisness!
[deleted post]You are totaly correct !; You are totaly correct !
siddhss, 03 Sep 2016problems are happened with any electronics things....whatever it is ... I love the Samsung hig... moreBut not in smartphone; But not in smartphone
problems are happened with any electronics things....whatever it is ... I love the Samsung high-end mobiles ... I used all S series and All Note Series... I will buy definitely Note 7 when it will be available; problems are happened with any electronics things....whatever it is ... I love the Samsung high-end mobiles ... I used all S series and All Note Series... I will buy definitely Note 7 when it will be available
PARAG B, 03 Sep 2016Stop assuming for me or for people you never know what others want or thinking.Be sure to understand what the other person is saying first before you reply to their comments.; Be sure to understand what the other person is saying first before you reply to their comments.
Not to mention that the iPhone had issues with exploding batteries and didn't issue a recall.
 
 http://www.cnn.com/2015/03/02/us/new-york-iphone­-explosion/; Not to mention that the iPhone had issues with exploding batteries and didn't issue a recall.
Smiling Eddie, 03 Sep 2016They decided to go for a non-swappable battery and now they're paying the price for it: produc... moreYep removable are better imho, I've owned a few non-removable i don't like it......they seem to get hot!; Yep removable are better imho, I've owned a few non-removable i don't like it......they seem to get hot!
PARAG B, 03 Sep 2016Stop assuming for me or for people you never know what others want or thinking.It's not an assumption, it's an opinion. Do I need to school you yet again Parag?; It's not an assumption, it's an opinion. Do I need to school you yet again Parag?
USB changed? Why?; USB changed? Why?
They decided to go for a non-swappable battery and now they're paying the price for it: product recall, dismantling the phone to replace the battery... 
 
 Sorry, no sympathy from me.; They decided to go for a non-swappable battery and now they're paying the price for it: product recall, dismantling the phone to replace the battery...; Sorry, no sympathy from me.
absolut-allen, 02 Sep 2016Always skip a generation (or two) with electronics. The Note 7 isn't enough of a technological... moreStop assuming for me or for people you never know what others want or thinking.; Stop assuming for me or for people you never know what others want or thinking.
Anonymous, 02 Sep 2016OK let's start with iPhone 6s Plus advantages while waiting for the beast (iP7Plus) to be unle... moreAre those the only things you can come up to against android? You probably don't know tech that much or even a bit. Makes me cringe knowing how limited the mind of an iPhone user really is. Ugh...; Are those the only things you can come up to against android? You probably don't know tech that much or even a bit. Makes me cringe knowing how limited the mind of an iPhone user really is. Ugh...
W. E. Form 2nd sept sale worldwide closed, big fiasco planning month ahead from iPhone 7s, has delayed and damaged N7 prospects. Billions dollar n loss. Man proposes God disposes.; W. E. Form 2nd sept sale worldwide closed, big fiasco planning month ahead from iPhone 7s, has delayed and damaged N7 prospects. Billions dollar n loss. Man proposes God disposes.
Still using Note 4. just fine till note 8 is out...iOS is for non computer folks.; Still using Note 4. just fine till note 8 is out...iOS is for non computer folks.
[deleted post]OK let's start with iPhone 6s Plus advantages while waiting for the beast (iP7Plus) to be unleashed:
 
 - more CDMA bands (2 vs 4)
 - 8% thinner
 - aluminum back won't crack (rhyming skills :P)
 - Apple Pay with AMEX support
 - IPS has longer lifetime
 - IPS has no burning
 - MUCH better scratch resistance
 - oleophobic coating
 - 3D Touch
 - longer update support (likely 2 vs 5 years (or more with the iPhone as 5 years is already with the iPhone 4s))
 - better Geekbench scores (better multi core, way better single core)
 - 128GB option
 - cheaper from 3rd party sellers
 - wider angle back camera
 - dual LED flash
 - true tone flash
 - HDR panorama
 - front facing panorama
 - front facing 720p@240fps slo mo
 - digital connector
 - iMessage
 - iCloud
 - AirPlay
 - better speaker according to EverythingApplePro; OK let's start with iPhone 6s Plus advantages while waiting for the beast (iP7Plus) to be unleashed:; - more CDMA bands (2 vs 4); - 8% thinner; - aluminum back won't crack (rhyming skills :P); - Apple Pay with AMEX support; - IPS has longer lifetime; - IPS has no burning; - MUCH better scratch resistance; - oleophobic coating; - 3D Touch; - longer update support (likely 2 vs 5 years (or more with the iPhone as 5 years is already with the iPhone 4s)); - better Geekbench scores (better multi core, way better single core); - 128GB option; - cheaper from 3rd party sellers; - wider angle back camera; - dual LED flash; - true tone flash; - HDR panorama; - front facing panorama; - front facing 720p@240fps slo mo; - digital connector; - iMessage; - iCloud; - AirPlay; - better speaker according to EverythingApplePro
STOP using quick charging!
 
 Amid this controversy of exploding Note7 while charging, I am not convinced that it is the battery that's at fault. It's likely using third-party USB Type-C cables with embedded chip regulators are being damaged with adaptive quick chargers. http://youtu.be/ujaapnnNzsQ 
 
 This results to faulty voltage going in to the device. At least that's how I am understanding the video.
 
 The point is, just STOP using quick charge, even with adaptive charger, ESPECIALLY with third-party cables. I've only used quick charge ONCE for a 50% charge to test how fast it can be with the Note7. I do not believe in quick charging as it damages the battery faster over time, as I have been saying throughout my numerous posts.; STOP using quick charging!; Amid this controversy of exploding Note7 while charging, I am not convinced that it is the battery that's at fault. It's likely using third-party USB Type-C cables with embedded chip regulators are being damaged with adaptive quick chargers.; This results to faulty voltage going in to the device. At least that's how I am understanding the video.; The point is, just STOP using quick charge, even with adaptive charger, ESPECIALLY with third-party cables. I've only used quick charge ONCE for a 50% charge to test how fast it can be with the Note7. I do not believe in quick charging as it damages the battery faster over time, as I have been saying throughout my numerous posts.
[deleted post]Well said.; Well said.
disapointed, 01 Sep 2016Note 7 is a nice phone, But Samsung forgets that the software is more important. Removing kno... moreNote 7 has better and improved software than all previous phones which they call grace ui.
 Just because you don't use S pen doesn't make it useless.
 In note 7,they have brought new features=
 Iris scanner,dual edge screen,HDR,water proof,expandable storage,cgg5,a lot more improved s pen,dust proof,always on display with better features,great gpu,great ram and rom,great chipset,better battery type(li-po) and better battery optimization,same cameras of S7E with improved camera software,fast charging,SpO2,wireless cahrging,type c charging.
 I think these features are enough.
 Microsoft sucks.
 Samsung improves.; Note 7 has better and improved software than all previous phones which they call grace ui.; Just because you don't use S pen doesn't make it useless.; In note 7,they have brought new features=; Iris scanner,dual edge screen,HDR,water proof,expandable storage,cgg5,a lot more improved s pen,dust proof,always on display with better features,great gpu,great ram and rom,great chipset,better battery type(li-po) and better battery optimization,same cameras of S7E with improved camera software,fast charging,SpO2,wireless cahrging,type c charging.; I think these features are enough.; Microsoft sucks.; Samsung improves.
Nick.B, 01 Sep 2016Is the SoC Snapdragon 821 more energy efficient then it's 820 big brother ?Newer version always has batter specs. than previous one.
 You haven't told a new thing.; Newer version always has batter specs. than previous one.; You haven't told a new thing.
Dnc, 31 Aug 20167 Key dissapointment (samsung Note 7). 1.Non-removable battery 2.poor battery life 3500mah... moreMost of the phones have non removable battery so its not a very big deal.
 3500 mAh battery life is good and 5000 mAh battery is great.
 It has a good battery(2000 mAh/2500 mAh battery is bad).
 Clock speed matters(a little bit) but ram,chipset and gpu matters a lot and note 7 has great ram,chipset and gpu.
 Radio and ir blaster are not very improtant features.It has great featues like iris,fingerprint,water and dust proof,etc.
 Camera depends on mp but mp are not everything in camera.
 Note 7 has better cameras than a9.It is the thing not present in specs but can be seen in real life experiments.
 e.g=12 mp of s7 is a lot better than 16 mp of s6.
 Yeah!I agree with you in price.It is of 850$ but it has features which should be present in 850$ phone.
 Iphones have many disadvantages but are priced more than 950$.
 Without having great features.; Most of the phones have non removable battery so its not a very big deal.; 3500 mAh battery life is good and 5000 mAh battery is great.; It has a good battery(2000 mAh/2500 mAh battery is bad).; Clock speed matters(a little bit) but ram,chipset and gpu matters a lot and note 7 has great ram,chipset and gpu.; Radio and ir blaster are not very improtant features.It has great featues like iris,fingerprint,water and dust proof,etc.; Camera depends on mp but mp are not everything in camera.; Note 7 has better cameras than a9.It is the thing not present in specs but can be seen in real life experiments.; e.g=12 mp of s7 is a lot better than 16 mp of s6.; Yeah!I agree with you in price.It is of 850$ but it has features which should be present in 850$ phone.; Iphones have many disadvantages but are priced more than 950$.; Without having great features.
I want to have a new Samsung galaxy note 7 but because of battery issue I don't want to have that anymore.; I want to have a new Samsung galaxy note 7 but because of battery issue I don't want to have that anymore.
PARAG B, 02 Sep 2016dude cameras on lg g5 is anytime better than of s7 ,s7 edge and Note7. rest of the specs are ... moreIn reviews of experts and critics,it is said that note 7 is a lot better than lg g5.
 In review of GSMArena,note 7 got 4.8 points while g5 got 4.5 points out of 5.
 In cons of g5 in GSMArena,it is written that its camera needs an improvement and also battery and screen.
 Dual camera does not ensure that camera and photos will be better.
 e.g=In p9,dual camera setup is installed but it cannot match camera quality of even note 5.
 If you see with open eyes,you will see it has great features and everyone(experts) are saying that it is best phone in market right now.
 Only phone which can be compared to note 7 is S7E.; In reviews of experts and critics,it is said that note 7 is a lot better than lg g5.; In review of GSMArena,note 7 got 4.8 points while g5 got 4.5 points out of 5.; In cons of g5 in GSMArena,it is written that its camera needs an improvement and also battery and screen.; Dual camera does not ensure that camera and photos will be better.; e.g=In p9,dual camera setup is installed but it cannot match camera quality of even note 5.; If you see with open eyes,you will see it has great features and everyone(experts) are saying that it is best phone in market right now.; Only phone which can be compared to note 7 is S7E.
recalls all note 7 unite from world markets due to battery fault...
 this is good new from samsung...i am very huge lover of samsung mobiles...using all S and Note Series from start.... I proud to be User of Samsung........waiting for new slot of Note 7.; recalls all note 7 unite from world markets due to battery fault...; this is good new from samsung...i am very huge lover of samsung mobiles...using all S and Note Series from start.... I proud to be User of Samsung........waiting for new slot of Note 7.
anasela, 02 Sep 2016Worldwide Galaxy Note7 recall due to reports of battery explotions? That's a bad news from Samsung.Isn't that a good news? They replacing your dangerous Note7 with a safe Note7. You don't want that? Suits yourself. At least you know the reason why you die early if explosion the last thing you see. Anyone stubborn enough not wanting to return their Note7 to Samsung is a fool. I gladly returned mine.; Isn't that a good news? They replacing your dangerous Note7 with a safe Note7. You don't want that? Suits yourself. At least you know the reason why you die early if explosion the last thing you see. Anyone stubborn enough not wanting to return their Note7 to Samsung is a fool. I gladly returned mine.
PARAG B, 02 Sep 2016Dude dont simply assume what i think. Lol 9mp 4.3 (note7) < 16mp 16.9 (note5) photos and... moreI will explain it really simply for those who struggle with basic technology.
 
 - The 12MP 4:3 GN7 camera is better than the 16MP 16:9 GN5 (see gsma's review, daylight, lowlight, video, hdr)
 - The GN7 4:3 12MP photo is 4032x3024.
 - The GN7 16:9 9MP photo is 4032x2268 (there is NO QUALITY LOSS they simply cut pixels along the top and bottom to get a 16:9 image ratio).
 
 i.e. the GN7 9MP (16:9) photo has IDENTICAL image quality to the GN7 12MP photo and is therefore better than the GN5 16MP (16:9). The GSMarena review and samples don't lie. 
 
 http://www.gsmarena.com/samsung_galaxy_note5_vs_­s7_edge_vs_note7-review-1479.php; I will explain it really simply for those who struggle with basic technology.; - The 12MP 4:3 GN7 camera is better than the 16MP 16:9 GN5 (see gsma's review, daylight, lowlight, video, hdr); - The GN7 4:3 12MP photo is 4032x3024.; - The GN7 16:9 9MP photo is 4032x2268 (there is NO QUALITY LOSS they simply cut pixels along the top and bottom to get a 16:9 image ratio).; i.e. the GN7 9MP (16:9) photo has IDENTICAL image quality to the GN7 12MP photo and is therefore better than the GN5 16MP (16:9). The GSMarena review and samples don't lie.
Samsung stop shopping for note7 today 2/9/2016; Samsung stop shopping for note7 today 2/9/2016
PARAG B, 02 Sep 2016Dude dont simply assume what i think. Lol 9mp 4.3 (note7) < 16mp 16.9 (note5) photos and... moreAlways skip a generation (or two) with electronics. The Note 7 isn't enough of a technological bump to justify buying from Note 5. 
 
 Note 8 for me - I'll buy late though because Samsung's obsession with beating Apple is screwing consumers and flaring up batteries.; Always skip a generation (or two) with electronics. The Note 7 isn't enough of a technological bump to justify buying from Note 5.; Note 8 for me - I'll buy late though because Samsung's obsession with beating Apple is screwing consumers and flaring up batteries.
ahmed tanveer, 02 Sep 2016LG G5= Small battery,No cgg5,no edge screen,worse screen type than note 7,no ip68(water proof... moredude cameras on lg g5 is anytime better than of s7 ,s7 edge and Note7.
 rest of the specs are not that great.; dude cameras on lg g5 is anytime better than of s7 ,s7 edge and Note7.; rest of the specs are not that great.
Bunyip22, 02 Sep 2016Don't worry about Parag... he still thinks the 9MP setting has a lower image quality than the ... moreDude dont simply assume what i think. Lol
 
 9mp 4.3 (note7) < 16mp 16.9 (note5) photos and videos..
 
 Although the selfie cam on Note7 is a bit better than my Note5.
 
 LGV20 is expected to have great specs with a great camera lets see what LG brings to the table but if rumors are true it will beat the sh!t out of Note7.
 & With all of this battery explode thing of Note7 chances of me leaning towards the LG V20 is getting higher day by day.; Dude dont simply assume what i think. Lol; 9mp 4.3 (note7) < 16mp 16.9 (note5) photos and videos..; Although the selfie cam on Note7 is a bit better than my Note5.; LGV20 is expected to have great specs with a great camera lets see what LG brings to the table but if rumors are true it will beat the sh!t out of Note7.; & With all of this battery explode thing of Note7 chances of me leaning towards the LG V20 is getting higher day by day.
i was eagerly waited for note 7 but finally got delayed due to battery issue its very bad news; i was eagerly waited for note 7 but finally got delayed due to battery issue its very bad news
Samsung Galaxy Note 7 Samsung Galaxy S7 same phone difference of size and pen 
 It is blender; Samsung Galaxy Note 7 Samsung Galaxy S7 same phone difference of size and pen; It is blender
Worldwide Galaxy Note7 recall due to reports of battery explotions? That's a bad news from Samsung.; Worldwide Galaxy Note7 recall due to reports of battery explotions? That's a bad news from Samsung.
emam seba, 31 Aug 2016No FM!! No IR Bluster!! No Interest!! It's just sucking us. I think LG G5 is the best. I ... moreLG G5=
 Small battery,No cgg5,no edge screen,worse screen type than note 7,no ip68(water proof),worse camera than note 7,no iris scanner,no vr,no li-po battery,no SpO2.
 Note 7 is the best.; LG G5=; Small battery,No cgg5,no edge screen,worse screen type than note 7,no ip68(water proof),worse camera than note 7,no iris scanner,no vr,no li-po battery,no SpO2.; Note 7 is the best.
asimu85, 02 Sep 2016The contrast of the screen on this note 7 compared to an edge is ridiculous. The s7 edge has m... morebased on the gsmarena review numbers?
 I believe they had engaged bljelight mode reduction, and likely didnt have the dynamic profile set to auto brightness (the only method to get the 1000nit brightness as measured in displaymate webpages rundown).
 
 for some reason review posters on gsmarena do not monitor the threads for questions.... a few being raised after their rapid review rushed out the door on product launch.
 it could do with a few updates, and answers to benchmarking questions for the different audio chipsets etc..; based on the gsmarena review numbers?; I believe they had engaged bljelight mode reduction, and likely didnt have the dynamic profile set to auto brightness (the only method to get the 1000nit brightness as measured in displaymate webpages rundown).; for some reason review posters on gsmarena do not monitor the threads for questions.... a few being raised after their rapid review rushed out the door on product launch.; it could do with a few updates, and answers to benchmarking questions for the different audio chipsets etc..
whitedragon, 02 Sep 2016Not sure why you need to chime in on that reply.. I put to you "who is the fanperson"? My g... moreDon't worry about Parag... he still thinks the 9MP setting has a lower image quality than the 12MP setting despite the fact that the horizontal resolution is the same on both settings (top and bottom get cropped to make 16:9).; Don't worry about Parag... he still thinks the 9MP setting has a lower image quality than the 12MP setting despite the fact that the horizontal resolution is the same on both settings (top and bottom get cropped to make 16:9).
Craps all over an iphone though , makes iphone look like something from Jelly bean days lol; Craps all over an iphone though , makes iphone look like something from Jelly bean days lol
The contrast of the screen on this note 7 compared to an edge is ridiculous. The s7 edge has much much better contrast ratio; The contrast of the screen on this note 7 compared to an edge is ridiculous. The s7 edge has much much better contrast ratio
SAMSUNGÂ’S latest flagship smartphones are being pulled from sale in Australia just two weeks after launch following reports of several Galaxy Note7 handsets catching fire overseas.
 The worldÂ’s largest smartphone maker today took the unprecedented step of halting sales of the Samsung Galaxy Note7 in Australia after five handsets reportedly caught fire in South Korea.
 AustraliaÂ’s two largest telephone carriers also confirmed they would stop selling the popular $1349 smartphone while the origin of the potential safety issue was investigated.; SAMSUNGÂ’S latest flagship smartphones are being pulled from sale in Australia just two weeks after launch following reports of several Galaxy Note7 handsets catching fire overseas.; The worldÂ’s largest smartphone maker today took the unprecedented step of halting sales of the Samsung Galaxy Note7 in Australia after five handsets reportedly caught fire in South Korea.; AustraliaÂ’s two largest telephone carriers also confirmed they would stop selling the popular $1349 smartphone while the origin of the potential safety issue was investigated.
Is this a Exynos issue or just battery charger??; Is this a Exynos issue or just battery charger??
Happens to lots of other models to, but ppl will use this to bash samsung lol. They will fix issue and life will go for the ruler of the Kingdom; Happens to lots of other models to, but ppl will use this to bash samsung lol. They will fix issue and life will go for the ruler of the Kingdom
whitedragon, 02 Sep 2016It is a hard one, yes! To keep a phone that might be dodgy (but awesome), or 'hand it back'... moreI've not used the fast charge mode, except one time to charge 50% just to test how fast it really is - not impressed and I have been saying that fast charging and any of the wireless will actually add to the heat, hence a contribution to battery degradation.
 
 I'm really getting excellent SOTs, with over 7 hours per charge. It's just a disappointment with the exploding batteries.
 
 Downloading big files while charging increases the temperature to 40°C, and the same temperature of it's on hotspot mode while charging. So avoid doing all those. I've never have this problem with the Note 3.
 
 I'm now just turning off the device to charge it on an analog timer.; I've not used the fast charge mode, except one time to charge 50% just to test how fast it really is - not impressed and I have been saying that fast charging and any of the wireless will actually add to the heat, hence a contribution to battery degradation.; I'm really getting excellent SOTs, with over 7 hours per charge. It's just a disappointment with the exploding batteries.; Downloading big files while charging increases the temperature to 40°C, and the same temperature of it's on hotspot mode while charging. So avoid doing all those. I've never have this problem with the Note 3.; I'm now just turning off the device to charge it on an analog timer.
PARAG B, 01 Sep 2016lg g5 does not agree with your note7 fanboy talks.Not sure why you need to chime in on that reply.. I put to you "who is the fanperson"?
 
 My guess is you have an LG (G5 was it?)
 
 Sure,.. how does dual sensor recording and three way optical stabilisation and fixed optics work out in practise? I can imagine a slew of instances where the answer would be 'good enough', but also a few 'misses'...
 
 I haven't looked at an ifixit teardown, but having a few 3d cameras, knowing how trick it is to get dual sensors working together in meaningful ways, with 'optical stabilisation'? Sure!
 
 Good luck with that.
 Any nice aberrations to notice, or does the software preremove them for you?
 Raw mode? Or is raw mode impractical with dual sensors and the nice tech that recombines them into a 'better' shot?
 
 I am sure it is a great camera phone..
 But there are probably nicer (less fanboi) ways to introduce that camera into a discussion happening about 'cameras'.; Not sure why you need to chime in on that reply.. I put to you "who is the fanperson"?; My guess is you have an LG (G5 was it?); Sure,.. how does dual sensor recording and three way optical stabilisation and fixed optics work out in practise? I can imagine a slew of instances where the answer would be 'good enough', but also a few 'misses'...; I haven't looked at an ifixit teardown, but having a few 3d cameras, knowing how trick it is to get dual sensors working together in meaningful ways, with 'optical stabilisation'? Sure!; Good luck with that.; Any nice aberrations to notice, or does the software preremove them for you?; Raw mode? Or is raw mode impractical with dual sensors and the nice tech that recombines them into a 'better' shot?; I am sure it is a great camera phone..; But there are probably nicer (less fanboi) ways to introduce that camera into a discussion happening about 'cameras'.
Vipul Bariya, 02 Sep 2016Thanks dude, and also would like to ask which smartphone has the best camera right now in the ... moreRight camera depends on what you wish to photograph most.
 
 With digital single lens reflex (dslr) cameras, we would choose the 'lens' to match the moment. That was all that mattered on them, as the 'high techedness' of their componentry and large sensor means that no compromises are made.
 Newer models have higher ISO sensitivities (with equal or less noise), and greater dynamic range (scale of light capture); otherwise shutter speeds of 1/8000th of a second and viewfinder size and 'button layout' are the big differences.
 Higher end models are often better weatherproofed.
 
 
 Getting back to the lens though.. (the actual user changeable part)
 
 We could choose a wide angle lens, great for indoor shots (trying to capture a large area from an up close position) and landscapes.
 A mild zoom can be a great 'street photography lens' or portraiture lens.
 And telephoto for wildlife and sports...
 
 Now the truth is an experienced photographer will use specific lenses for the way they capture light.
 Some have a beautiful soft bokeh (the out of focus foreground and background effects we tend to see when captured on nice kit), and to a real photographer they would consider the aperature blades and lens structure of their chosen glass, when 'building the shot'.
 
 
 Just about none of this matters to digital compact cameras.
 With the exception of only a few zoom models (with built in lenses that might have a three times optical zoom), most camera phones differentiate themselves by stating how many mega pixel they are.
 This is the most useless metric to judge these compact cameras by.
 To actually resolve light onto a high megapixel sensor into a 'sharp image', requires very exact glass. More so than film which was thick and varied.. digital sensors are VERY flat.
 And they do not feature 'nice glass' (generally) up front to refine that light well onto the sensor surface.
 
 DSLR cameras stopped playing the megapixel war yonks back, fortunately, and even top tier high end full frame sensors worth 'top dollar' might feature a 'mere 12 megapixels'.
 
 Photos taken on a full frame dslr with expensive optics might be worthy of 'poster sized prints' (and hence make use of lots of megapixels), but small compact cameras seldom will.
 
 Most users do not even print 6x4s of their photos.
 printed photos have a lot more range in colour than even the best monitors that consumers buy will display, so until we print something out, we are not likely to even know how nice an actual photo was 'recorded'.
 
 Not many people print a3/a4 sizes from pocket cameras, and even if they did, software prior to hitting that printer will do a better job of making the photo 'nice' than any 'on camera' settings will (generally sharpening up the shot nicely for large format printing).
 Even for A3/A4 sized printouts, and camera phone will have enough megapixels to resolve a 'sharp' photo.
 
 But, what is a 'sharp photo'?
 Assuming our camera phones had perfect glass in front of the sensor (they do not), would our shots be sharp?
 In daylight at 1/2000th of a second all cameras can take a 'sharp shot'. Pretty hard for hand induced movement or subject movement to make it 'blurry'.
 -for all other lighting conditions, camera sensor technology is what matters (way more than megapixel rightly will).
 If a given sensor can ramp up the ISO (sensitivity) level to reduce the shutter being open for longer 1/15th of a second (the point where I as an experienced photographer have a hard time getting a perfect shot, and this is with decades of practise and being able to breathe correctly, and using 2 second self timer etc), then the sensor can effectively stop the shot being blurred.
 If the glass is 'fast' (egf1.7 being faster than f2.2) then that can gomtowards keeping the shutter open less time, and less blurry shots/more sharp shots.
 
 And at 1/15th of a second, your target might be blurry, so combining fast lens with a sensitive sensor allows capturing a moving child, indoors, in less than ideal lighting, as a nice sharp shot.
 
 None of these sharp shots have anything to do with megapixel, and even being 3 megapixel, would be sharper than a blurry shot from hand movement, or subject movement because the lens wasn't fast enough or the sensor not 'sensitive' enough to capture the shot correctly.
 
 Most cameras take great shots during the day. The reason why we talk about 'low light capture' is that this is what seperates the 'boys' from the 'men'...
 
 Now the Note 7 has optical stabilsation (as do many others) so it has the trifecta; great glass on a sensitive sensor with physical couterbalancing to hand induced shakes. Even at 1/15th of a second this camera could perform adequately...
 
 Why do I trump the Note 7 as being the best camera phone presently?
 It gets all of the above stuff right, and even has lens kit to allow real photobuffs a chance to resolve even more from their 'go to camera'.
 Itmis even waterproof so it will take the shots that others would dare to try (eg skiing and swimming)..
 
 But it is more than that...
 It quite simply has an exceptional dynamic range. Something that only printouts might reveal. It captures light better than many other prosumer cameras, certainly all small sensor types. It is the latest sony tech, combined with canons dual focus technology.
 This is a world first, requiring some crazy hardware pairing to achieve.
 So, the job it is meant to do, it does well, better than most will realise.
 I will take a pepsi challenge...
 Lets print actual photos and compare.
 Some other camera taking a 'sharper' photo in daylight is like spec sheet bullshit. Not really a practical use, vs they give up in all other shooting conditions.
 Being 20% (a made up number) sharper in one shooting condition (when everybody is sharp enough), and having blurry photos for all real world conditions is just silly.
 
 Don't underestimate 'dual pixel focus' (that Canon technology), that allows finding the subject in the scene and setting focus rapidly. That is the difference between capturing the shot of Little Johnny picking his nostril hairs, and the one of him with a finger in the mouth.
 
 On the Note 7 I would have both of those photos.. even if Johnny was running right at me!
 
 So which is best for you?
 I don't know?!
 The note 7 is ready for everyone.
 Technically if you were doing JUST landscape, a nokia pureview with crazy megapixels (41mp) on a large sensor, might be relevant.
 If doing wildlife, a camera phone with an optical zoom might help.
 
 For a relevant phone, I would go a waterproof one, and add a lens kit.
 So the S7 might be a bargain, yes?
 
 What are you wanting to photograph? (This is the most important question)
 Eg selfies only? Some phones have selfie cameras with optical stabilisation...
 
 For best in class/real world usage the Note 7 is a sweet enough deal that I grabbed it for its camera setup, and I am pretty fussy about these things....; Right camera depends on what you wish to photograph most.; With digital single lens reflex (dslr) cameras, we would choose the 'lens' to match the moment. That was all that mattered on them, as the 'high techedness' of their componentry and large sensor means that no compromises are made.; Newer models have higher ISO sensitivities (with equal or less noise), and greater dynamic range (scale of light capture); otherwise shutter speeds of 1/8000th of a second and viewfinder size and 'button layout' are the big differences.; Higher end models are often better weatherproofed.; Getting back to the lens though.. (the actual user changeable part); We could choose a wide angle lens, great for indoor shots (trying to capture a large area from an up close position) and landscapes.; A mild zoom can be a great 'street photography lens' or portraiture lens.; And telephoto for wildlife and sports...; Now the truth is an experienced photographer will use specific lenses for the way they capture light.; Some have a beautiful soft bokeh (the out of focus foreground and background effects we tend to see when captured on nice kit), and to a real photographer they would consider the aperature blades and lens structure of their chosen glass, when 'building the shot'.; Just about none of this matters to digital compact cameras.; With the exception of only a few zoom models (with built in lenses that might have a three times optical zoom), most camera phones differentiate themselves by stating how many mega pixel they are.; This is the most useless metric to judge these compact cameras by.; To actually resolve light onto a high megapixel sensor into a 'sharp image', requires very exact glass. More so than film which was thick and varied.. digital sensors are VERY flat.; And they do not feature 'nice glass' (generally) up front to refine that light well onto the sensor surface.; DSLR cameras stopped playing the megapixel war yonks back, fortunately, and even top tier high end full frame sensors worth 'top dollar' might feature a 'mere 12 megapixels'.; Photos taken on a full frame dslr with expensive optics might be worthy of 'poster sized prints' (and hence make use of lots of megapixels), but small compact cameras seldom will.; Most users do not even print 6x4s of their photos.; printed photos have a lot more range in colour than even the best monitors that consumers buy will display, so until we print something out, we are not likely to even know how nice an actual photo was 'recorded'.; Not many people print a3/a4 sizes from pocket cameras, and even if they did, software prior to hitting that printer will do a better job of making the photo 'nice' than any 'on camera' settings will (generally sharpening up the shot nicely for large format printing).; Even for A3/A4 sized printouts, and camera phone will have enough megapixels to resolve a 'sharp' photo.; But, what is a 'sharp photo'?; Assuming our camera phones had perfect glass in front of the sensor (they do not), would our shots be sharp?; In daylight at 1/2000th of a second all cameras can take a 'sharp shot'. Pretty hard for hand induced movement or subject movement to make it 'blurry'.; -for all other lighting conditions, camera sensor technology is what matters (way more than megapixel rightly will).; If a given sensor can ramp up the ISO (sensitivity) level to reduce the shutter being open for longer 1/15th of a second (the point where I as an experienced photographer have a hard time getting a perfect shot, and this is with decades of practise and being able to breathe correctly, and using 2 second self timer etc), then the sensor can effectively stop the shot being blurred.; If the glass is 'fast' (egf1.7 being faster than f2.2) then that can gomtowards keeping the shutter open less time, and less blurry shots/more sharp shots.; And at 1/15th of a second, your target might be blurry, so combining fast lens with a sensitive sensor allows capturing a moving child, indoors, in less than ideal lighting, as a nice sharp shot.; None of these sharp shots have anything to do with megapixel, and even being 3 megapixel, would be sharper than a blurry shot from hand movement, or subject movement because the lens wasn't fast enough or the sensor not 'sensitive' enough to capture the shot correctly.; Most cameras take great shots during the day. The reason why we talk about 'low light capture' is that this is what seperates the 'boys' from the 'men'...; Now the Note 7 has optical stabilsation (as do many others) so it has the trifecta; great glass on a sensitive sensor with physical couterbalancing to hand induced shakes. Even at 1/15th of a second this camera could perform adequately...; Why do I trump the Note 7 as being the best camera phone presently?; It gets all of the above stuff right, and even has lens kit to allow real photobuffs a chance to resolve even more from their 'go to camera'.; Itmis even waterproof so it will take the shots that others would dare to try (eg skiing and swimming)..; But it is more than that...; It quite simply has an exceptional dynamic range. Something that only printouts might reveal. It captures light better than many other prosumer cameras, certainly all small sensor types. It is the latest sony tech, combined with canons dual focus technology.; This is a world first, requiring some crazy hardware pairing to achieve.; So, the job it is meant to do, it does well, better than most will realise.; I will take a pepsi challenge...; Lets print actual photos and compare.; Some other camera taking a 'sharper' photo in daylight is like spec sheet bullshit. Not really a practical use, vs they give up in all other shooting conditions.; Being 20% (a made up number) sharper in one shooting condition (when everybody is sharp enough), and having blurry photos for all real world conditions is just silly.; Don't underestimate 'dual pixel focus' (that Canon technology), that allows finding the subject in the scene and setting focus rapidly. That is the difference between capturing the shot of Little Johnny picking his nostril hairs, and the one of him with a finger in the mouth.; On the Note 7 I would have both of those photos.. even if Johnny was running right at me!; So which is best for you?; I don't know?!; The note 7 is ready for everyone.; Technically if you were doing JUST landscape, a nokia pureview with crazy megapixels (41mp) on a large sensor, might be relevant.; If doing wildlife, a camera phone with an optical zoom might help.; For a relevant phone, I would go a waterproof one, and add a lens kit.; So the S7 might be a bargain, yes?; What are you wanting to photograph? (This is the most important question); Eg selfies only? Some phones have selfie cameras with optical stabilisation...; For best in class/real world usage the Note 7 is a sweet enough deal that I grabbed it for its camera setup, and I am pretty fussy about these things....
Oh No , Samsung has delayed the PRE-ORDER sales which was to begin today 2-sep-2016, to an unknown date as per the sms, wish i too had handson to the best smartphone for 2016; Oh No , Samsung has delayed the PRE-ORDER sales which was to begin today 2-sep-2016, to an unknown date as per the sms, wish i too had handson to the best smartphone for 2016
whitedragon, 02 Sep 2016It is a hard one, yes! To keep a phone that might be dodgy (but awesome), or 'hand it back'... moreThanks, good idea to turn off the GN7 fast charge.; Thanks, good idea to turn off the GN7 fast charge.
Bunyip22, 02 Sep 2016No recall in Australia yet but i won't be selling my GN4 in a hurry given the rumors of a reca... moreIt is a hard one, yes!
 
 To keep a phone that might be dodgy (but awesome), or 'hand it back'?
 
 The first thing I did was turned 'fast charging' off, and as my wireless charger isn't a 'fast charge' model (and gives exceptional battery life from years of cycles on my Nokia 920), I am happy sticking with genuine cable and charger.
 
 Truth is the chipset has been set to handle a much higher rate of charge, and combine that with a 'thinner' / non genuine cable, and electrically speaking, things can get funky.
 
 I knew there would be no way I would return my unit, and then I read something (unconfirmed) of batteries exploding in transport... now this would be serious.
 
 If we can get a statement about if it was a bad batch of batteries or some such; I will feel better.
 Most of the design is tried and tested from the S7/Edge, so 'quality control issues' is not the issue really; something has gone wrong, and once identified, we can get on with the enjoyment (knowing no recall on OUR units)...
 
 Many instances of laptop batteries and 'issues' throughout the last couple of decades.... if this was simply a worst case scenario of high power charger and generic (thin) cable, then we have a winner; if it is something Samsung have done; not so cool.
 
 I am a happy camper with this phone, so until a telco rep knocks on my door insisting on returning MY unit, I will continue to enjoy this product!
 
 I went and turned off tonnes of 'battery drain' features (like 'smart stay' screen on), and am getting phenominal battery life.
 
 30% battery for 30 hours including some screen on time (guild of dungeoneering and you tube) a few calls and map lookups etc (light usage, but several days of light usage and one full day of hardcore is enough for most).
 Bigger batteries add weight and size; manufacturers are alsways trying to find the right balance. Apple seem to target ten hours run time in their tablets, changing battery size to hit that metric!; It is a hard one, yes!; To keep a phone that might be dodgy (but awesome), or 'hand it back'?; The first thing I did was turned 'fast charging' off, and as my wireless charger isn't a 'fast charge' model (and gives exceptional battery life from years of cycles on my Nokia 920), I am happy sticking with genuine cable and charger.; Truth is the chipset has been set to handle a much higher rate of charge, and combine that with a 'thinner' / non genuine cable, and electrically speaking, things can get funky.; I knew there would be no way I would return my unit, and then I read something (unconfirmed) of batteries exploding in transport... now this would be serious.; If we can get a statement about if it was a bad batch of batteries or some such; I will feel better.; Most of the design is tried and tested from the S7/Edge, so 'quality control issues' is not the issue really; something has gone wrong, and once identified, we can get on with the enjoyment (knowing no recall on OUR units)...; Many instances of laptop batteries and 'issues' throughout the last couple of decades.... if this was simply a worst case scenario of high power charger and generic (thin) cable, then we have a winner; if it is something Samsung have done; not so cool.; I am a happy camper with this phone, so until a telco rep knocks on my door insisting on returning MY unit, I will continue to enjoy this product!; I went and turned off tonnes of 'battery drain' features (like 'smart stay' screen on), and am getting phenominal battery life.; 30% battery for 30 hours including some screen on time (guild of dungeoneering and you tube) a few calls and map lookups etc (light usage, but several days of light usage and one full day of hardcore is enough for most).; Bigger batteries add weight and size; manufacturers are alsways trying to find the right balance. Apple seem to target ten hours run time in their tablets, changing battery size to hit that metric!
whitedragon, 01 Sep 20163:2 is the ratio on many real cameras and prints perfect to 6x4 etc... probably best to tak... moreThanks dude, and also would like to ask which smartphone has the best camera right now in the market ? Pls suggest that also....; Thanks dude, and also would like to ask which smartphone has the best camera right now in the market ? Pls suggest that also....
It's the best phone ever i tryed. Its unbeatable. Buy it it's really good. But unfortunately it not released in india sores till now. When it release in india?; It's the best phone ever i tryed. Its unbeatable. Buy it it's really good. But unfortunately it not released in india sores till now. When it release in india?
Anonymous, 02 Sep 2016Cheep chargers maybe?? http://www.windowscentral.com/windows-phone-disasters-my-nokia-lumia-9... moreYour probably right. You can even see the non genuine charger (with adapter) in the photo of this link.
 
 http://www.androidpolice.com/2016/09/01/samsung-­galaxy-note-7-recall-due-exploding-batteries-mig­ht-imminent/; Your probably right. You can even see the non genuine charger (with adapter) in the photo of this link.
[deleted post]And I'm not denying the bad news about the battery.; And I'm not denying the bad news about the battery.
Open up your Samsung phone and you'll see half a dozen warnings on the battery telling you what NOT to do. Now imagine someone who bought a cheap charger from China. Have any of you actually opened up these things (the cheap Chinese chargers, that is). They are all horribly soldered unprofessional jobs. Remember that if the soldering goes just a little out of place you can get a fire or damage or whatever. That's why the PS3 and the Xbox got their respective yellow light and red ring of death. Imagine sticking that in your mobile device, it's an accident waiting to happen.
 
 Batteries leak and catch fire. Fact of life. When you are making 100's of millions of devices something is bound to happen. If there are 1 or 2 incidents, then save them for your reddit adventures, but if that number starts to get in the hundreds or thousands for a specific model or manufacturer, then you can post them up onto every billboard you see.
 
 If your smartphone DID catch fire and you DIDN'T do anything to (let's be honest here, I won't tell), then go and get it replaced as well as a little extra on top for damages. But if you chucked it on the stove because it got wet and then half an hour later it "suddenly" went on fire, it's time you went and took a class in electricity.; Open up your Samsung phone and you'll see half a dozen warnings on the battery telling you what NOT to do. Now imagine someone who bought a cheap charger from China. Have any of you actually opened up these things (the cheap Chinese chargers, that is). They are all horribly soldered unprofessional jobs. Remember that if the soldering goes just a little out of place you can get a fire or damage or whatever. That's why the PS3 and the Xbox got their respective yellow light and red ring of death. Imagine sticking that in your mobile device, it's an accident waiting to happen.; Batteries leak and catch fire. Fact of life. When you are making 100's of millions of devices something is bound to happen. If there are 1 or 2 incidents, then save them for your reddit adventures, but if that number starts to get in the hundreds or thousands for a specific model or manufacturer, then you can post them up onto every billboard you see.; If your smartphone DID catch fire and you DIDN'T do anything to (let's be honest here, I won't tell), then go and get it replaced as well as a little extra on top for damages. But if you chucked it on the stove because it got wet and then half an hour later it "suddenly" went on fire, it's time you went and took a class in electricity.
Cheep chargers maybe??
 http://www.windowscentral.com/windows-phone-disa­sters-my-nokia-lumia-920-melted-last-night; Cheep chargers maybe??
A7RII, 02 Sep 2016Looks like a worldwide recall is on the horizon for Note 7 http://www.theverge.com/2016/9/1/12... moreWhat about older models to S5???; What about older models to S5???
Bunyip22, 02 Sep 2016No recall in Australia yet but i won't be selling my GN4 in a hurry given the rumors of a reca... moreI wouldn't take the chance, better wait for the next Note, for the meantime, I will tick with my 64GB Note 5.; I wouldn't take the chance, better wait for the next Note, for the meantime, I will tick with my 64GB Note 5.
WOW; WOW
Bunyip22, 02 Sep 2016No recall in Australia yet but i won't be selling my GN4 in a hurry given the rumors of a reca... moreI wouldn't take a chance. Better be safe than sorry.; I wouldn't take a chance. Better be safe than sorry.
Guys read this and be alert:
 
 http://www.gsmarena.com/samsung_on_the_brink_of_­galaxy_note7_recalls_blames_faulty_battery_packs­-news-20281.php 
 
 Might as well stick to safety than features.
 
 Note 5 is better.; Guys read this and be alert:; Might as well stick to safety than features.; Note 5 is better.
Looks like a worldwide recall is on the horizon for Note 7 http://www.theverge.com/2016/9/1/12759912/samsun­g-galaxy-note-7-recall 
 What a pity it's a good looking phone but obviously was rushed to market by Sammy.; Looks like a worldwide recall is on the horizon for Note 7; What a pity it's a good looking phone but obviously was rushed to market by Sammy.
No recall in Australia yet but i won't be selling my GN4 in a hurry given the rumors of a recall :-)
 
 I suspect the problem is limited to a few batteries but we will see. I certainly wouldn't be using a non genuine charger and won't be using the micro USB - UBC-C adapter.; No recall in Australia yet but i won't be selling my GN4 in a hurry given the rumors of a recall :-); I suspect the problem is limited to a few batteries but we will see. I certainly wouldn't be using a non genuine charger and won't be using the micro USB - UBC-C adapter.
Savor, 01 Sep 2016Damn it, Samsung! A recall because of exploding batteries! I am not stuck picking an INFER... morehow many batteries do you know have exploded? That was one lousy report of One guy usinh a cheap cable, come on; how many batteries do you know have exploded? That was one lousy report of One guy usinh a cheap cable, come on
Note_User, 02 Sep 2016Bigggggggg!!!! disappointment. Get up Samsung..Look around the world..you will find that you... morealways the same, cant buy the phone, then starts whinning against it, lol, thousands like you!; always the same, cant buy the phone, then starts whinning against it, lol, thousands like you!
Bigggggggg!!!! disappointment. 
 Get up Samsung..Look around the world..you will find that you are far behind the others with respect to general specifications of mobile world and pricing the sets to kill itself..
 We have never expected that without proper QC, Samsung starts dreaming to control the World.
 Immediately do something or match NOTE 7 price with Spec...remember fresh Apple is coming soon to make people healthy.. Good Luck; Bigggggggg!!!! disappointment.; Get up Samsung..Look around the world..you will find that you are far behind the others with respect to general specifications of mobile world and pricing the sets to kill itself..; We have never expected that without proper QC, Samsung starts dreaming to control the World.; Immediately do something or match NOTE 7 price with Spec...remember fresh Apple is coming soon to make people healthy.. Good Luck
Like a famous beer publicity goes, this is probably the best smartphone in the world at the moment, beautiful design, IP68 even when using stylus pen, HDR, curved edges yet more ergonomic than the S7 Edge. The iris scanner is cool too, while the finger print scanner is still with us, so more options to utilise for locking and safety. 
 In my humble opinion, Sammy could have opted for a bigger battery though (although this one isn`t small) considering the workload and 5.7 awesome screen - damn even Apple is considering introducing curved edges and its still lagging behind super amoled stuff, as Samsung picture is still the wow eye catching winner even for a tv nowadays, maybe the exception stands with the Mac pc.
 Anyway back to the battery subject. While I appreciate that for a glass/metal unibody design (apart from being sealed - IP68) its difficult, one can consider access to the battery in some way going forward, as I`m tad concerned about the longevity, and it would be a waste to just stamp an expiry date on it (few years?) and have it replaced by the then Note9 or 10 (?), also considering the high-end price tag (cc EUR850!); moreover I believe that fast/quick charging will finally have its toll on it too. 
 Then again maybe that`s how things work in business, if not Notes would just stop here at the Note 7. Companies will always give you an excuse or an incentive to replace your present device and forget about all its original wowness, and similar to the cars` sector, prices fall quickly.
 Opinions welcome :); Like a famous beer publicity goes, this is probably the best smartphone in the world at the moment, beautiful design, IP68 even when using stylus pen, HDR, curved edges yet more ergonomic than the S7 Edge. The iris scanner is cool too, while the finger print scanner is still with us, so more options to utilise for locking and safety.; In my humble opinion, Sammy could have opted for a bigger battery though (although this one isn`t small) considering the workload and 5.7 awesome screen - damn even Apple is considering introducing curved edges and its still lagging behind super amoled stuff, as Samsung picture is still the wow eye catching winner even for a tv nowadays, maybe the exception stands with the Mac pc.; Anyway back to the battery subject. While I appreciate that for a glass/metal unibody design (apart from being sealed - IP68) its difficult, one can consider access to the battery in some way going forward, as I`m tad concerned about the longevity, and it would be a waste to just stamp an expiry date on it (few years?) and have it replaced by the then Note9 or 10 (?), also considering the high-end price tag (cc EUR850!); moreover I believe that fast/quick charging will finally have its toll on it too.; Then again maybe that`s how things work in business, if not Notes would just stop here at the Note 7. Companies will always give you an excuse or an incentive to replace your present device and forget about all its original wowness, and similar to the cars` sector, prices fall quickly.; Opinions welcome :)
disapointed, 01 Sep 2016Note 7 is a nice phone, But Samsung forgets that the software is more important. Removing kno... moreThats mean it has been discontinued darling. Live with it. No one wants it except for some poor people looking for an old flagship at a cheap price.; Thats mean it has been discontinued darling. Live with it. No one wants it except for some poor people looking for an old flagship at a cheap price.
the best smartphone and i havent any problem with my battery it is good; the best smartphone and i havent any problem with my battery it is good
LG G5? My LG G2 is better than the G5. Honestly Samsung is on top right now. I wish they had double tap to wake and sleep like LG though.; LG G5? My LG G2 is better than the G5. Honestly Samsung is on top right now. I wish they had double tap to wake and sleep like LG though.
Note 7 is a nice phone, But Samsung forgets that the software is more important.
 Removing know features from the previous Note line such as Action Memo or S finder.
 makes the "Note" "S pen" not useful. how many times does someone need to translate a word? how many times does someone need to write under water?
 all gimmicks.
 
 Samsung has no tradition, no backwards compatibility , and no respect to users.
 each time they change everything , and delete very useful features.
 
 This phone is a big disappointment. not only because of hardware missing IR Blaster. But mainly Software.
 
 Microsoft has respect to users, you can still open old WORD documents in new Word versions!
 Samsung removes application, and have no backward compatibility!
 No Tradition, and no respect to customers.The main goal is sell a product and move to the next one, as if the older one was never there. All the old concepts are erased. 
 You can also see this reflected in Samsung Mobile youtube channels all old device videos were removed. as if they never sold note 3 note 4 or galaxy s4 s5. nothing.; Note 7 is a nice phone, But Samsung forgets that the software is more important.; Removing know features from the previous Note line such as Action Memo or S finder.; makes the "Note" "S pen" not useful. how many times does someone need to translate a word? how many times does someone need to write under water?; all gimmicks.; Samsung has no tradition, no backwards compatibility , and no respect to users.; each time they change everything , and delete very useful features.; This phone is a big disappointment. not only because of hardware missing IR Blaster. But mainly Software.; Microsoft has respect to users, you can still open old WORD documents in new Word versions!; Samsung removes application, and have no backward compatibility!; No Tradition, and no respect to customers.The main goal is sell a product and move to the next one, as if the older one was never there. All the old concepts are erased.; You can also see this reflected in Samsung Mobile youtube channels all old device videos were removed. as if they never sold note 3 note 4 or galaxy s4 s5. nothing.
whitedragon, 01 Sep 20163:2 is the ratio on many real cameras and prints perfect to 6x4 etc... probably best to tak... morelg g5 does not agree with your note7 fanboy talks.; lg g5 does not agree with your note7 fanboy talks.
Savor, 01 Sep 2016Damn it, Samsung! A recall because of exploding batteries! I am not stuck picking an INFER... morehang on for 2-3 months; hang on for 2-3 months
Dnc, 31 Aug 20167 Key dissapointment (samsung Note 7). 1.Non-removable battery 2.poor battery life 3500mah... morethis is the most stupidest comment i have ever read.; this is the most stupidest comment i have ever read.
I told myself not to buy sammy phones ever again after having used s1-s4. I must admit sammy new phones are gud! Dam it! I dont want to go back on my words. Lol I have been using LG but LG is slacking!; I told myself not to buy sammy phones ever again after having used s1-s4. I must admit sammy new phones are gud! Dam it! I dont want to go back on my words. Lol I have been using LG but LG is slacking!
Right, 31 Aug 2016Yah its the case in exynos variant but only few cases,don't worry Samsung will fix itMine did that last night. I had just restarted it because it was laggy and then it prompted me to enter a password to start the device - I had no idea what the password was referring to. Boatload ear was opened and then froze. Managed to open the OS again but them went back to asking for the password. 
 
 Returned to retailer and replacement given.; Mine did that last night. I had just restarted it because it was laggy and then it prompted me to enter a password to start the device - I had no idea what the password was referring to. Boatload ear was opened and then froze. Managed to open the OS again but them went back to asking for the password.; Returned to retailer and replacement given.
Note 7 sales in India is postponed. Got this message from my Mobile Store Guy.
 
 "Dear Team Note 7 launch is postponed. Kindly inform all your customers"; Note 7 sales in India is postponed. Got this message from my Mobile Store Guy.; "Dear Team Note 7 launch is postponed. Kindly inform all your customers"
Anonymous, 01 Sep 2016can any one who has a note 7 help me? do anyone hear a quiet static noise when making calls i... moreIts brand new, bugs happen, if it continues to happen take it to your service provider, they will factory reset it first, see what the issue is, and eventualy replace it for you; Its brand new, bugs happen, if it continues to happen take it to your service provider, they will factory reset it first, see what the issue is, and eventualy replace it for you
Is the SoC Snapdragon 821 more energy efficient then it's 820 big brother ?; Is the SoC Snapdragon 821 more energy efficient then it's 820 big brother ?
Damn it, Samsung! A recall because of exploding batteries! 
 
 I am not stuck picking an INFERIOR flagship. 
 
 iPhone 7 is crap. Don't want to be stuck using iTunes every single time I want to delete a photo in an album. When I connect a phone to computer, I want it to read the internal storage. Not open up stupid iTunes that crashes on 90% of computers because it isn't a Mac. I also need my Bluetooth data transfer, torrent apps, and file manager. 
 
 Nexus looks crap too. Boring stock Android. Never elite in any other area like camera, battery life, or display. Nobody buys Nexus except Android purists and they ate overrated by their owners since you will sacrifice hardware for better software. 
 
 LG V20 has an ugly camera hump. LG has failed in design with the G5 and V20 with these ugly visors. It has removable battery but VR is crap on LG. No water-resistance. The Samsung flagships still look better. 
 
 NONE of these other phones interest me. If this gets too serious, I guess I will have to settle for the S7 edge. Damn shame, Shamesung. You made the best 2016 flagship for me only to cripple it with a faulty battery.; Damn it, Samsung! A recall because of exploding batteries!; I am not stuck picking an INFERIOR flagship.; iPhone 7 is crap. Don't want to be stuck using iTunes every single time I want to delete a photo in an album. When I connect a phone to computer, I want it to read the internal storage. Not open up stupid iTunes that crashes on 90% of computers because it isn't a Mac. I also need my Bluetooth data transfer, torrent apps, and file manager.; Nexus looks crap too. Boring stock Android. Never elite in any other area like camera, battery life, or display. Nobody buys Nexus except Android purists and they ate overrated by their owners since you will sacrifice hardware for better software.; LG V20 has an ugly camera hump. LG has failed in design with the G5 and V20 with these ugly visors. It has removable battery but VR is crap on LG. No water-resistance. The Samsung flagships still look better.; NONE of these other phones interest me. If this gets too serious, I guess I will have to settle for the S7 edge. Damn shame, Shamesung. You made the best 2016 flagship for me only to cripple it with a faulty battery.
can any one who has a note 7 help me?
 do anyone hear a quiet static noise when making calls it is not too loud but it can be heared in a quiet room. is it normal?; can any one who has a note 7 help me?; do anyone hear a quiet static noise when making calls it is not too loud but it can be heared in a quiet room. is it normal?
Looking at my usage statistics (I tabulate using Office Excel), the Note7 can reach an accumulated ALMOST 9 hours of Screen On Time (SOT) if you are to be using it as only Wifi mode with Flight mode on. This is with Bluetooth connected, with browsing, 1GB of data used and some Youtube watching.
 
 With a SIM on, on Wifi, and the same tasks above, up to 8 hours SOT can be achieved by the Note7.
 
 On pure LTE connection however, It can not go above 6 hours of accumulated SOT.
 
 I'm pretty impressed with how I'm coming from the Note 3 on LTE having only barely 3 hours SOT per battery charge (with the same parameters as I have mentioned). The Note 3 has a Snapdragon 800, and 3200 mAh battery capacity.
 
 This entirely depends how light or heavy you use your device - as I can run down the battery in 10 hours using average 5.5 hours SOT (with 600 mb to 1 GB data usage). But if you use the Note7 sparingly with some 4 hours SOT, you can get through an 18-hour active day and have some 20 to 30% left.
 
 Although you have to keep in mind that having deep discharges of below 20% mark of the battery will have long-term disadvantages. It is even ideal to charge your device when it hits 40 to 50% mark to even increase your battery life cycles to over a thousand than 300 to 500 battery cycles. 1 battery cycle is the equivalent of a full charge. I have made 3 occasion of completely depleting the battery to have it calibrated for correct readings.
 
 Best that you avoid fast charging or any form of wireless charging. Yes, I know how faster Fast charging is - just above 90 minutes to fully charge, however you put more stress to the battery. Wireless charging (normal or fast) is just slow. You still plug the charging pad to charge Note7. You can always get a charging dock (for Type-C) and charge without the extra heat that comes with induction charging.
 
 Now that I have to live with the fact of carrying around a powerbank everywhere to keep up the charge TWICE daily to keep that sealed battery healthy. Waiting on Zerolemon to provide an 8500mAh integrated battery case so I don't have to deal with the wires.; Looking at my usage statistics (I tabulate using Office Excel), the Note7 can reach an accumulated ALMOST 9 hours of Screen On Time (SOT) if you are to be using it as only Wifi mode with Flight mode on. This is with Bluetooth connected, with browsing, 1GB of data used and some Youtube watching.; With a SIM on, on Wifi, and the same tasks above, up to 8 hours SOT can be achieved by the Note7.; On pure LTE connection however, It can not go above 6 hours of accumulated SOT.; I'm pretty impressed with how I'm coming from the Note 3 on LTE having only barely 3 hours SOT per battery charge (with the same parameters as I have mentioned). The Note 3 has a Snapdragon 800, and 3200 mAh battery capacity.; This entirely depends how light or heavy you use your device - as I can run down the battery in 10 hours using average 5.5 hours SOT (with 600 mb to 1 GB data usage). But if you use the Note7 sparingly with some 4 hours SOT, you can get through an 18-hour active day and have some 20 to 30% left.; Although you have to keep in mind that having deep discharges of below 20% mark of the battery will have long-term disadvantages. It is even ideal to charge your device when it hits 40 to 50% mark to even increase your battery life cycles to over a thousand than 300 to 500 battery cycles. 1 battery cycle is the equivalent of a full charge. I have made 3 occasion of completely depleting the battery to have it calibrated for correct readings.; Best that you avoid fast charging or any form of wireless charging. Yes, I know how faster Fast charging is - just above 90 minutes to fully charge, however you put more stress to the battery. Wireless charging (normal or fast) is just slow. You still plug the charging pad to charge Note7. You can always get a charging dock (for Type-C) and charge without the extra heat that comes with induction charging.; Now that I have to live with the fact of carrying around a powerbank everywhere to keep up the charge TWICE daily to keep that sealed battery healthy. Waiting on Zerolemon to provide an 8500mAh integrated battery case so I don't have to deal with the wires.
First i bought s3
 Next i bought note4
 Then i upgraded to note 5
 I was thinking of upgrading to note 7 but i found out that it has some issues so now i have finnaly decided to go for edge version.; First i bought s3; Next i bought note4; Then i upgraded to note 5; I was thinking of upgrading to note 7 but i found out that it has some issues so now i have finnaly decided to go for edge version.
Vipul Bariya, 31 Aug 2016Hello Friends, I am new user for Android. I would like to know the difference between the diff... more3:2 is the ratio on many real cameras and prints perfect to 6x4 etc...
 
 probably best to take whichever framing convention works best for your OUTPUT format of choice.
 
 the amount of times I see everyone using their iphones in 'portrait' orientation for capturing photos at school assembly shows people dont print or even review their photos.
 
 a vertical 16:9 (9:16), is useless for most/all prints and screen playback.... given the shots will get cropped for printing, not an issue..
 
 either photograph at highest native resolution (ideally with raw mode capure activated as well), or, if you know you will only playback on 16:9 ratio (widescreen displays) you could opt for that.
 
 megapixel is overrated nowadays...
 reason why selfie cams are low resolution is they are for social media mostly... and smaller resolution means a 'less compressed shot'(better colour etc) for final screen render.
 
 most screens are 1920x1080 = ~2 million pixels.
 even a 9 million pixel widescreen shot has 'pixels to throw away' a plenty.
 effectively allowing a 3x zoom (crop) from the photo without loosing any detail when displayed on 'full high definition' displays.
 
 3 megapixel will print to A4 size acceptably, 6 megapixel beautifully so....
 more megapixels ultimately just makes larger files or higher compression (worse colour).
 
 raw mode photos gives a lot of scope for future editing or 'manipulating' the photo before shrinking it (jpeg) for emailing etc...
 
 the imx260 sensor is a world first sensor, using some crazy chip bonding and is a technological breakthrough product..
 
 first camera phone with decent photos (actual recorded colour depth)..
 some people argue the less megapixels have less 'punch' but the opposite is true-the recorded colour range on this phone outmusters everything out there... (camera phones); 3:2 is the ratio on many real cameras and prints perfect to 6x4 etc...; probably best to take whichever framing convention works best for your OUTPUT format of choice.; the amount of times I see everyone using their iphones in 'portrait' orientation for capturing photos at school assembly shows people dont print or even review their photos.; a vertical 16:9 (9:16), is useless for most/all prints and screen playback.... given the shots will get cropped for printing, not an issue..; either photograph at highest native resolution (ideally with raw mode capure activated as well), or, if you know you will only playback on 16:9 ratio (widescreen displays) you could opt for that.; megapixel is overrated nowadays...; reason why selfie cams are low resolution is they are for social media mostly... and smaller resolution means a 'less compressed shot'(better colour etc) for final screen render.; most screens are 1920x1080 = ~2 million pixels.; even a 9 million pixel widescreen shot has 'pixels to throw away' a plenty.; effectively allowing a 3x zoom (crop) from the photo without loosing any detail when displayed on 'full high definition' displays.; 3 megapixel will print to A4 size acceptably, 6 megapixel beautifully so....; more megapixels ultimately just makes larger files or higher compression (worse colour).; raw mode photos gives a lot of scope for future editing or 'manipulating' the photo before shrinking it (jpeg) for emailing etc...; the imx260 sensor is a world first sensor, using some crazy chip bonding and is a technological breakthrough product..; first camera phone with decent photos (actual recorded colour depth)..; some people argue the less megapixels have less 'punch' but the opposite is true-the recorded colour range on this phone outmusters everything out there... (camera phones)
I have been very impressed with the Note 7. Battery life has been amazing normally every Day and a half needing to charge on medium battery power setting. I am a photographer/designer so I do use it alot. Bonus, waterproofing.... the 1.7 fstop allows me the flexibility of not using my dslr in water shoots anymore. instagram @chadwickcarlisle; I have been very impressed with the Note 7. Battery life has been amazing normally every Day and a half needing to charge on medium battery power setting. I am a photographer/designer so I do use it alot. Bonus, waterproofing.... the 1.7 fstop allows me the flexibility of not using my dslr in water shoots anymore. instagram @chadwickcarlisle
Dnc, 31 Aug 20167 Key dissapointment (samsung Note 7). 1.Non-removable battery 2.poor battery life 3500mah... moreYour complaints are moot...
 
 You cited A9 Pro as having better battery, but you failed to tell us that it too has non-removable battery.
 
 "Poor battery"? GSM Arena did not make a review of the A9 Pro, yet the other tech site said it scored 10:10H versus Note7 with 9:49H. That's 21 minutes of difference despite the A9 Pro's extra 1500mAh.
 
 You claim the front camera of the A9 Pro is higher MP, yet you failed to mention it's only f/1.9 versus f/1.7 of the Note7, and it can do QHD video recording and has OIS.
 
 Then you cite Note 3 having a 2.3GHz processor, yet you failed to mention that it's only a Quad-core versus the Note7 with Octa-core.
 
 I have FM radio on my Bluetooth earset - I do not use it as FM signal is fuzzy and I can listen to internet radio. Those getting a high-end smartphone like the Note7 would have data subscription anyway.
 
 Note7 is currently the best set of features, with a few misses like the back being glass, no infrared remote and not being able switch the battery to an even bigger capacity. You can't compare to a mid-ranged device with the specs, and of course note7 will be more expensive. If your needs are with the midrange, stay with those.; Your complaints are moot...; You cited A9 Pro as having better battery, but you failed to tell us that it too has non-removable battery.; "Poor battery"? GSM Arena did not make a review of the A9 Pro, yet the other tech site said it scored 10:10H versus Note7 with 9:49H. That's 21 minutes of difference despite the A9 Pro's extra 1500mAh.; You claim the front camera of the A9 Pro is higher MP, yet you failed to mention it's only f/1.9 versus f/1.7 of the Note7, and it can do QHD video recording and has OIS.; Then you cite Note 3 having a 2.3GHz processor, yet you failed to mention that it's only a Quad-core versus the Note7 with Octa-core.; I have FM radio on my Bluetooth earset - I do not use it as FM signal is fuzzy and I can listen to internet radio. Those getting a high-end smartphone like the Note7 would have data subscription anyway.; Note7 is currently the best set of features, with a few misses like the back being glass, no infrared remote and not being able switch the battery to an even bigger capacity. You can't compare to a mid-ranged device with the specs, and of course note7 will be more expensive. If your needs are with the midrange, stay with those.
vino, 31 Aug 2016do not install the firmware update... why ?; why ?
7 Key dissapointment (samsung Note 7).
 
 1.Non-removable battery
 2.poor battery life 3500mah vs 5000mah(A9 samsung)
 3.2.3ghz processor.(note 3) also using 2.3ghz.
 4.No radio.
 5.No infra port.
 6.front camera 5mp vs 8mp(A9)
 7.Over-price.
 
 Not buying till they make improvement on the next note.; 7 Key dissapointment (samsung Note 7).; 1.Non-removable battery; 2.poor battery life 3500mah vs 5000mah(A9 samsung); 3.2.3ghz processor.(note 3) also using 2.3ghz.; 4.No radio.; 5.No infra port.; 6.front camera 5mp vs 8mp(A9); 7.Over-price.; Not buying till they make improvement on the next note.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 31 Aug 2016Well, mine hanged last night from taking a bunch of screenshots. All is needed is to press ... moredo not install the firmware update...; do not install the firmware update...
Darkox7, 31 Aug 2016I do work for Samsung and I've been paying attention to all the troubleshooting steps and the ... moreI am 100% agree with you; I am 100% agree with you
Bunyip22, 31 Aug 2016I've had mine 2 weeks tomorrow. Had 1 app crash (clash) and that's it. If a phone did get bric... moreWell, mine hanged last night from taking a bunch of screenshots.
 
 All is needed is to press both power and volume up buttons simultaneously for 7 seconds to restart.
 
 For the others out there, it isn't a perfect device.; Well, mine hanged last night from taking a bunch of screenshots.; All is needed is to press both power and volume up buttons simultaneously for 7 seconds to restart.; For the others out there, it isn't a perfect device.
do anyone hear a quiet static noise when making calls it is not too loud but it can be heared in a quiet room. is it normal?; do anyone hear a quiet static noise when making calls it is not too loud but it can be heared in a quiet room. is it normal?
The new: S-Pen can get stuck in the Galaxy Note7; The new: S-Pen can get stuck in the Galaxy Note7
Hisho, 31 Aug 2016It's dual sim working together at the same time Yeah it's working but you can't use both Two SIM+SD Card at same time!!
 1SIM+1SIM
 Or
 1SIM+SD Card; Yeah it's working but you can't use both Two SIM+SD Card at same time!!; 1SIM+1SIM; Or; 1SIM+SD Card
No FM!! No IR Bluster!! 
 No Interest!!
 It's just sucking us.
 I think LG G5 is the best.
 I hate Samsung.; No FM!! No IR Bluster!!; No Interest!!; It's just sucking us.; I think LG G5 is the best.; I hate Samsung.
Vipul Bariya, 31 Aug 2016Hello Friends, I am new user for Android. I would like to know the difference between the diff... morePhoto ratio is more dependant on what you use it for. Most people use 16:9 nowadays because it fits a phone or computer screen with no black strip's.; Photo ratio is more dependant on what you use it for. Most people use 16:9 nowadays because it fits a phone or computer screen with no black strip's.
Ali Rock, 31 Aug 2016Howlong you had your GN7 without crashing and bootloop problems? I've had mine 2 weeks tomorrow. Had 1 app crash (clash) and that's it. If a phone did get bricked Samsung would replace it.; I've had mine 2 weeks tomorrow. Had 1 app crash (clash) and that's it. If a phone did get bricked Samsung would replace it.
It's dual sim working together at the same time; It's dual sim working together at the same time
There should be 2 batteries for every SMART or at least flagship device one for just for regular calls/sms (Should last at least 250h) and other one for the smart features.; There should be 2 batteries for every SMART or at least flagship device one for just for regular calls/sms (Should last at least 250h) and other one for the smart features.
Ali Rock, 31 Aug 2016Hey guys I read on the news that international version of note 7 has crash and bootloop prob... moreYah its the case in exynos variant but only few cases,don't worry Samsung will fix it; Yah its the case in exynos variant but only few cases,don't worry Samsung will fix it
Anonymous, 31 Aug 2016Note 7 after 2 years will be just like my note 4. Laggy, freezes, battery issues, turns off by... moreWhat happened to your Note 4? Is there anything it doesn't support anymore?; What happened to your Note 4? Is there anything it doesn't support anymore?
Hello Friends, I am new user for Android. I would like to know the difference between the different aspect ratio's available in a smartphone viz. 16:9, 4:3 ............... so which one is better in terms of good photography ? I have been using more of an iPhone all these years & they have only 4:3 aspect ratio in their phones so just confused which one would be a better option for taking high quality photographs. Thanks in advance.........; Hello Friends, I am new user for Android. I would like to know the difference between the different aspect ratio's available in a smartphone viz. 16:9, 4:3 ............... so which one is better in terms of good photography ? I have been using more of an iPhone all these years & they have only 4:3 aspect ratio in their phones so just confused which one would be a better option for taking high quality photographs. Thanks in advance.........
Bunyip22, 31 Aug 2016No crashes, boot loops or overheating on my Exynos GN7. I did have a mediaserver battery dr... moreHowlong you had your GN7 without crashing and bootloop problems?; Howlong you had your GN7 without crashing and bootloop problems?
Hey guys 
 I read on the news that international version of note 7 has crash and bootloop problem that cannot be fixed and makes the phone useless.
 I pre-ordered a note 7 and spent 850$ on it and I'm so worried about this rumor,
 Please share your comments if you know it is true or just a rumor.; Hey guys; I read on the news that international version of note 7 has crash and bootloop problem that cannot be fixed and makes the phone useless.; I pre-ordered a note 7 and spent 850$ on it and I'm so worried about this rumor,; Please share your comments if you know it is true or just a rumor.
Ruzveh, 31 Aug 2016Can anyone confirm whether does it have IR Blaster in this model? I am looking for phone only ... moreno it does not have ir blaster but it has security unlock feature iris scanner which scans your eyes that cannot control your home appliences .dont get confused between ir blaster and ir scanner.; no it does not have ir blaster but it has security unlock feature iris scanner which scans your eyes that cannot control your home appliences .dont get confused between ir blaster and ir scanner.
Ruzveh, 31 Aug 2016Can anyone confirm whether does it have IR Blaster in this model? I am looking for phone only ... moreHi Ruzveh, I also looking for the same but too bad the IR has been officially removed in this model. Stay tune and wait for another model.; Hi Ruzveh, I also looking for the same but too bad the IR has been officially removed in this model. Stay tune and wait for another model.
Can anyone confirm whether does it have IR Blaster in this model? I am looking for phone only with infrared remote builtin for making my phone remote control for my home appliances.; Can anyone confirm whether does it have IR Blaster in this model? I am looking for phone only with infrared remote builtin for making my phone remote control for my home appliances.
PARAG B, 31 Aug 2016dude he is just a blind fanboy of Note7I don't have a GN5 or S6 so can't compare them with my GN7 for photo quality.... GSMarena says / shows the GN7 is better that the GN5 so I'll accept that.
 
 Do you agree with me now that the 9MP setting has the same image quality as the 12MP setting on the GN7?
 
 12MP image dimensions are 4032x3024... at 9MP it is 4032x2268. 
 The GN7 simply cuts off a depth of 378 pixels along the top and bottom to get a 16:9 image ratio so the image quality must be the same.; I don't have a GN5 or S6 so can't compare them with my GN7 for photo quality.... GSMarena says / shows the GN7 is better that the GN5 so I'll accept that.; Do you agree with me now that the 9MP setting has the same image quality as the 12MP setting on the GN7?; 12MP image dimensions are 4032x3024... at 9MP it is 4032x2268.; The GN7 simply cuts off a depth of 378 pixels along the top and bottom to get a 16:9 image ratio so the image quality must be the same.
Missing ir blaster & fingerprint magnet only couple of disappointments
 everything else rocks!!!; Missing ir blaster & fingerprint magnet only couple of disappointments; everything else rocks!!!
Anonymous, 31 Aug 2016Note 7 after 2 years will be just like my note 4. Laggy, freezes, battery issues, turns off by... moreTouchWiz has been a complaint for many Galaxy phones throughout history. As profitable as Samsung is, they surely could spend more time on fixing it. 
 
 The marketing angle of it is to build nice phones with mediocre software. But, it sure works.; TouchWiz has been a complaint for many Galaxy phones throughout history. As profitable as Samsung is, they surely could spend more time on fixing it.; The marketing angle of it is to build nice phones with mediocre software. But, it sure works.
Note 7 after 2 years will be just like my note 4. Laggy, freezes, battery issues, turns off by itself. Worst part is batt is not replaceable on note 7. 
 Even if u never drop and take good care of your note 7, once there isa note 9 or 10 in the future, they will find a way to screw your phone's software like they did on my note 4.; Note 7 after 2 years will be just like my note 4. Laggy, freezes, battery issues, turns off by itself. Worst part is batt is not replaceable on note 7.; Even if u never drop and take good care of your note 7, once there isa note 9 or 10 in the future, they will find a way to screw your phone's software like they did on my note 4.
My note 3 beats alllllll; My note 3 beats alllllll
leo28, 30 Aug 2016wrong.i have compared shots of s7 and s6.when you zom in s7 image a bit it has more noise than... moredude he is just a blind fanboy of Note7; dude he is just a blind fanboy of Note7
I do work for Samsung and I've been paying attention to all the troubleshooting steps and the problems I have been dealing with since I got there, and always seems to be that customers bought their products and they don't even know how to use it, then they call Samsung requesting and complaining about things they made by themselves.; I do work for Samsung and I've been paying attention to all the troubleshooting steps and the problems I have been dealing with since I got there, and always seems to be that customers bought their products and they don't even know how to use it, then they call Samsung requesting and complaining about things they made by themselves.
fruitcake, 30 Aug 2016Just read on Androidheadlines.com that loads of having crashing problems with the Note 7 plus ... moreNo crashes, boot loops or overheating on my Exynos GN7.
 
 I did have a mediaserver battery drain (30-50%) but this is solved by turning off google chrome.; No crashes, boot loops or overheating on my Exynos GN7.; I did have a mediaserver battery drain (30-50%) but this is solved by turning off google chrome.
Anonymous, 30 Aug 2016I have a note 7 and the iris scanner is crazy quick. Stop assuming it's a gimmick unless you'r... moreI just unplugged my Note7, and pressed the fingerprint home button to open my phone... HONESTLY,that's even faster than having to press the home/power button, swipe the screen, align my eyes to look into the camera, and then my device unlocks.
 
 I've assigned the iris scanner for my secret folder which I've installed my Msecure app that stores my passwords. But other than that, opening the Note7 with just pressing that home button is the FASTEST.; I just unplugged my Note7, and pressed the fingerprint home button to open my phone... HONESTLY,that's even faster than having to press the home/power button, swipe the screen, align my eyes to look into the camera, and then my device unlocks.; I've assigned the iris scanner for my secret folder which I've installed my Msecure app that stores my passwords. But other than that, opening the Note7 with just pressing that home button is the FASTEST.
leo28, 30 Aug 2016wrong.i have compared shots of s7 and s6.when you zom in s7 image a bit it has more noise than... moreThe s7/GN7 vs the s6/GN5 are identical in good light except for photos that have a larger dynamic range (dark and light areas) where the gn7/s7 wins. 
 
 Where the gn7/s7 wins by a long long way is lower light (video and pics). This is always the true test of a good camera. Check the tests if you still don't believe me. 
 
 Edit. As I discussed below the 9MP GN7 has identical image quality to the 12MP GN7 (horizontal resolution stays the same, a strip of pixels is removed from the top and bottom to make a 16:9 image ratio) 
 
 http://www.gsmarena.com/samsung_galaxy_note5_vs_­s7_edge_vs_note7-review-1479.php; The s7/GN7 vs the s6/GN5 are identical in good light except for photos that have a larger dynamic range (dark and light areas) where the gn7/s7 wins.; Where the gn7/s7 wins by a long long way is lower light (video and pics). This is always the true test of a good camera. Check the tests if you still don't believe me.; Edit. As I discussed below the 9MP GN7 has identical image quality to the 12MP GN7 (horizontal resolution stays the same, a strip of pixels is removed from the top and bottom to make a 16:9 image ratio)
Bunyip22, 29 Aug 2016You clearly don't know how cameras work so I'll put it in basic terms... If you add more MP t... morewrong.i have compared shots of s7 and s6.when you zom in s7 image a bit it has more noise than s6.actually s7 camera is not much better than s6.in my experience; wrong.i have compared shots of s7 and s6.when you zom in s7 image a bit it has more noise than s6.actually s7 camera is not much better than s6.in my experience
PARAG B, 30 Aug 2016what! now you are expecting me to like 9mp vs 16mp photos ...Dude are you serious?LOLHave a look at the camera shoot out by gsmarena... The 12MP GN7 beats the 16MP GN5 in all areas apart from macro. The image quality of the 9MP photos is IDENTICAL to the 12MP photos... All they do is crop a strip at the top and bottom... Horizontal resolution stays the same. So yes... The 9MP GN7 beats the 16MP GN5 without a doubt. 
 
 http://www.gsmarena.com/samsung_galaxy_note5_vs_­s7_edge_vs_note7-review-1479.php; Have a look at the camera shoot out by gsmarena... The 12MP GN7 beats the 16MP GN5 in all areas apart from macro. The image quality of the 9MP photos is IDENTICAL to the 12MP photos... All they do is crop a strip at the top and bottom... Horizontal resolution stays the same. So yes... The 9MP GN7 beats the 16MP GN5 without a doubt.
Just read on Androidheadlines.com that loads of having crashing problems with the Note 7 plus Over Heating Issues,so Samsung like i have said before i just rushed out the Note 7 just to pressure on the New Apple iPhone 7 models; Just read on Androidheadlines.com that loads of having crashing problems with the Note 7 plus Over Heating Issues,so Samsung like i have said before i just rushed out the Note 7 just to pressure on the New Apple iPhone 7 models
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 30 Aug 2016Hmm, I'm sure I'm not the only one who thinks the iris scanner is a gimmick - slower to utiliz... moreI have a note 7 and the iris scanner is crazy quick. Stop assuming it's a gimmick unless you're using it.; I have a note 7 and the iris scanner is crazy quick. Stop assuming it's a gimmick unless you're using it.
Bunyip22, 30 Aug 2016I never said anyone had to like a 12MP 4:3 photo... If you don't like it just use the 9MP 16:... morewhat! now you are expecting me to like 9mp vs 16mp photos ...Dude are you serious?LOL; what! now you are expecting me to like 9mp vs 16mp photos ...Dude are you serious?LOL
absolut-allen, 30 Aug 2016I'm thinking the opposite. I highly doubt they will take away the SD card again since they've ... moreHmm, I'm sure I'm not the only one who thinks the iris scanner is a gimmick - slower to utilize than fingerprint scanning. Samsung will likely take that out, and introduce something the Note7 doesn't have in hardware. Pressure input at last?
 
 Then there's the UFS card slot that didn't make it to the Note7. And likely a 17MP camera with F/1.7.; Hmm, I'm sure I'm not the only one who thinks the iris scanner is a gimmick - slower to utilize than fingerprint scanning. Samsung will likely take that out, and introduce something the Note7 doesn't have in hardware. Pressure input at last?; Then there's the UFS card slot that didn't make it to the Note7. And likely a 17MP camera with F/1.7.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 30 Aug 2016The problem with Samsung is they haven't been consistent with features of their product. They ... moreI'm thinking the opposite. I highly doubt they will take away the SD card again since they've realized it bumped up sales. There's really no significant feature that the Note 7 offers to take away in 8. 
 
 If anything, 8 will offer the performance gains to make it worth getting it over the 5 (which doesn't seem to be offer enough power/performance advantages). 
 
 Any type of software improvements 7 has will end up on 5 anyways. But Note 7 is plenty worth it for those coming from version 4 and under.; I'm thinking the opposite. I highly doubt they will take away the SD card again since they've realized it bumped up sales. There's really no significant feature that the Note 7 offers to take away in 8.; If anything, 8 will offer the performance gains to make it worth getting it over the 5 (which doesn't seem to be offer enough power/performance advantages).; Any type of software improvements 7 has will end up on 5 anyways. But Note 7 is plenty worth it for those coming from version 4 and under.
PARAG B, 30 Aug 2016what rubbish ! you cannot expect everyone to like 12mp 4:3 square photos .go compair it i rea... moreI never said anyone had to like a 12MP 4:3 photo... If you don't like it just use the 9MP 16:9 option... There is no difference in image quality because the horizontal pixels are the same... Either way the 9MP or 12MP setting on the GN7 beats the 16MP GN5 in good or low light.; I never said anyone had to like a 12MP 4:3 photo... If you don't like it just use the 9MP 16:9 option... There is no difference in image quality because the horizontal pixels are the same... Either way the 9MP or 12MP setting on the GN7 beats the 16MP GN5 in good or low light.
Bunyip22, 30 Aug 2016You missed it so I'll repeat my comment from below TC..... Why are you calling the GN7 brit... morewhy do you keep talking abt phone drops LOL ? as drops was not at all a big concern for my Note5 which has GG4 but when it comes to scratching Note7's gorilla glass 5 goes for a toss you just cannot use it without putting a soft material case and a ugly screen guard.; why do you keep talking abt phone drops LOL ? as drops was not at all a big concern for my Note5 which has GG4 but when it comes to scratching Note7's gorilla glass 5 goes for a toss you just cannot use it without putting a soft material case and a ugly screen guard.
Bunyip22, 30 Aug 2016What rubbish. Look at the 16MP and 12MP 100% crops in GSMarenas shootout. If anything the 12MP... morewhat rubbish ! you cannot expect everyone to like 12mp 4:3 square photos .go compair it i real life instead of blaberring here.I am not saying that the photos on note7 are very bad but its not as punchy as my note5. Although i am planning on getting the note7 shortly but that does not mean i sud be happy with whatever it throws at me.
 I wud have got the lg g5 or lg v10 for its excellent camera setup but iam also waiting for LGV20 launch as it is expected to come with another excellent 20mp camera and hopefully a f/1.7 like s7 or atleast f/1.8 apreture camera for lowlight conditions; what rubbish ! you cannot expect everyone to like 12mp 4:3 square photos .go compair it i real life instead of blaberring here.I am not saying that the photos on note7 are very bad but its not as punchy as my note5. Although i am planning on getting the note7 shortly but that does not mean i sud be happy with whatever it throws at me.; I wud have got the lg g5 or lg v10 for its excellent camera setup but iam also waiting for LGV20 launch as it is expected to come with another excellent 20mp camera and hopefully a f/1.7 like s7 or atleast f/1.8 apreture camera for lowlight conditions
compatible sim1 and sim2 lte ??; compatible sim1 and sim2 lte ??
[deleted post]You missed it so I'll repeat my comment from below TC.....
 
 Why are you calling the GN7 brittle?
 
 Phonebuffs mechanical drop tests (most accurate) show the GN5 shatters MORE than the GN7 on the very first drop. The GN7 survived 50 drops and still worked 100%.
 
 As far as drop test durability goes, the GN7 ranked 3rd of all the phones they have tested... the GN5 was a distant 8th..... The GN7 scratches easier but the GN5 is the more brittle, less durable phone. 
 
 Note 7 drop test is below.
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DKGfuct01M4 
 
 Note 5 drop test is below.
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Od3UWz9gdk8; You missed it so I'll repeat my comment from below TC.....; Why are you calling the GN7 brittle?; Phonebuffs mechanical drop tests (most accurate) show the GN5 shatters MORE than the GN7 on the very first drop. The GN7 survived 50 drops and still worked 100%.; As far as drop test durability goes, the GN7 ranked 3rd of all the phones they have tested... the GN5 was a distant 8th..... The GN7 scratches easier but the GN5 is the more brittle, less durable phone.; Note 7 drop test is below.; Note 5 drop test is below.
PARAG B, 30 Aug 2016dude i am talking abt 9mp reso however even in 12mp you loose details you are such a hypocrite... moreAs I have pointed out before at the S7 Edge page after frequently using the camera of my wife's S7E - the sensor is the best, sharpest, fastest focusing on a mobile device, ranked #1 by DXoMark Mobile.
 
 And now it's on the Note7, and I got it for the excellent same camera and improved S Pen.
 
 You are the only one complaining about megapixels.; As I have pointed out before at the S7 Edge page after frequently using the camera of my wife's S7E - the sensor is the best, sharpest, fastest focusing on a mobile device, ranked #1 by DXoMark Mobile.; And now it's on the Note7, and I got it for the excellent same camera and improved S Pen.; You are the only one complaining about megapixels.
PARAG B, 30 Aug 2016dude i am talking abt 9mp reso however even in 12mp you loose details you are such a hypocrite... moreWhat rubbish. Look at the 16MP and 12MP 100% crops in GSMarenas shootout. If anything the 12MP images look sharper than the 16MP. If detail was a problem GSMarena would have mentioned it. Even comparing 16MP to 9MP you won't notice any difference even at 100% on a computer screen or large print.
 
 It doesn't matter which way you put it..... the GN7 camera IS an upgrade on the GN5.; What rubbish. Look at the 16MP and 12MP 100% crops in GSMarenas shootout. If anything the 12MP images look sharper than the 16MP. If detail was a problem GSMarena would have mentioned it. Even comparing 16MP to 9MP you won't notice any difference even at 100% on a computer screen or large print.; It doesn't matter which way you put it..... the GN7 camera IS an upgrade on the GN5.
Bunyip22, 30 Aug 2016Nope, wrong again. GSMarena on stills daylight photography "Winner: Galaxy Note7. All three... moredude i am talking abt 9mp reso however even in 12mp you loose details you are such a hypocrite when i use to saythe same thing from the lowlight shootout between s7 edge and lg g5 when g5 beat the sh!t out of s7 edge in lowlight you were against the entire lowlight review of gsma now just cause you own note7 you are just buying all positive talks .Lol; dude i am talking abt 9mp reso however even in 12mp you loose details you are such a hypocrite when i use to saythe same thing from the lowlight shootout between s7 edge and lg g5 when g5 beat the sh!t out of s7 edge in lowlight you were against the entire lowlight review of gsma now just cause you own note7 you are just buying all positive talks .Lol
PARAG B, 30 Aug 2016yup! only if you consider the Low light conditions.but In Daytime Note5 wins handsdown :)Nope, wrong again.
 
 GSMarena on stills daylight photography "Winner: Galaxy Note7. All three phones are equally good in taking daylight photos. The Galaxy Note7, however, offers the widest effective dynamic range in tough light conditions."
 
 http://www.gsmarena.com/samsung_galaxy_note5_vs_­s7_edge_vs_note7-review-1479p2.php 
 
 i.e., where you have bright and dark areas which is very common in daylight photography.; Nope, wrong again.; GSMarena on stills daylight photography "Winner: Galaxy Note7. All three phones are equally good in taking daylight photos. The Galaxy Note7, however, offers the widest effective dynamic range in tough light conditions."; i.e., where you have bright and dark areas which is very common in daylight photography.
Bunyip22, 30 Aug 2016"i am upgrading not downgrading so why can i not expect a better camera on GN7"... GSMARENA... moreyup! only if you consider the Low light conditions.but 
 In Daytime Note5 wins handsdown :); yup! only if you consider the Low light conditions.but; In Daytime Note5 wins handsdown :)
Re the GN7 vs the GN5 camera.
 The GSMarena photo quality comparison tool is very handy.
 
 It doesn't matter where you look, good or low light or MP scaled down. The GN7 wins... in lower light it is a thumping.
 
 http://www.gsmarena.com/piccmp.php3?idType=4&­;idPhone1=8082&idPhone2=7431; Re the GN7 vs the GN5 camera.; The GSMarena photo quality comparison tool is very handy.; It doesn't matter where you look, good or low light or MP scaled down. The GN7 wins... in lower light it is a thumping.
PARAG B, 30 Aug 20169mp cud be ok for you, but u cannot expect everyone to be ok or be happy with it..Its plainly ... more"i am upgrading not downgrading so why can i not expect a better camera on GN7"...
 
 GSMARENA "If you want the best Samsung camera right now, it's the one on the back of the Note7" 
 
 http://www.gsmarena.com/samsung_galaxy_note5_vs_­s7_edge_vs_note7-review-1479p7.php; "i am upgrading not downgrading so why can i not expect a better camera on GN7"...; GSMARENA "If you want the best Samsung camera right now, it's the one on the back of the Note7"
whitedragon, 30 Aug 2016Megapixel aside for one second.... The photos I take on the Note 7 (IMX260 sensor) poo all ... moreDude i am directly compairing DAYTIME 9mp 16:9 photos and videos of GN7 which has f/1.7 apreture camera to 16mp 16:9 photos and videos of GN5 (not any other smartphone which you generalized) which has f/1.9 apreture camera 
 If you see closely s7 ,s7 edge,and Note7 photos and videos they loose some details which in turn makes GN5 photos and videos come on top ( In Daytime when most ppl prefer to take pics as it is very obvious that there is more light in daytime and one can expect good photo shoot out)
 
 So for some people who mostly take pics in night time S7,S7 edge and Note7 is great but for many people like me they are just sacrificing more crisp photos of Daytime which we use to get with S6,S6 edge and Note5 and still shoot ok in lowlight if not that clearer like S7,S7 edge or Note7.
 
 The "better low light" vs a little less 12mp 4:3 photos and video details in DAYTIME TRADE OFF is not so good IMO.
 and trust me samsung cud have given another great camera to Note7 like i have mentioned in my earlier posts; Dude i am directly compairing DAYTIME 9mp 16:9 photos and videos of GN7 which has f/1.7 apreture camera to 16mp 16:9 photos and videos of GN5 (not any other smartphone which you generalized) which has f/1.9 apreture camera; If you see closely s7 ,s7 edge,and Note7 photos and videos they loose some details which in turn makes GN5 photos and videos come on top ( In Daytime when most ppl prefer to take pics as it is very obvious that there is more light in daytime and one can expect good photo shoot out); So for some people who mostly take pics in night time S7,S7 edge and Note7 is great but for many people like me they are just sacrificing more crisp photos of Daytime which we use to get with S6,S6 edge and Note5 and still shoot ok in lowlight if not that clearer like S7,S7 edge or Note7.; The "better low light" vs a little less 12mp 4:3 photos and video details in DAYTIME TRADE OFF is not so good IMO.; and trust me samsung cud have given another great camera to Note7 like i have mentioned in my earlier posts
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 30 Aug 2016I reversed the SIM back - now what?Do it with your brittle phone, film it, upload on YouTube and post the link here. Good luck to your microSD card and SIM card.; Do it with your brittle phone, film it, upload on YouTube and post the link here. Good luck to your microSD card and SIM card.
PARAG B, 30 Aug 20169mp cud be ok for you, but u cannot expect everyone to be ok or be happy with it..Its plainly ... moreMegapixel aside for one second....
 
 The photos I take on the Note 7 (IMX260 sensor) poo all over the photos from Note 4 / 5 (Sony IMX240).
 The sensor is capturing noticably more range of light (dynamic range), and the HDR auto mode is working a lot better, and looks to be set for more gradations in shadows.. 
 Some of this (the HDR aspect) could come through a software upgrade to the older phones,.. but the extra dynamic range cannot.
 
 Combined with the ability to save RAW modes,.. software for photo editing can do a lot to render sharper images,.. and working with RAW modes and high powered CPUs (and GPUs in some instances) can give a lot more 'processing power' than what we can expect from on camera 'fast' processing to make a jpeg.
 
 I cannot hammer home enough how important capturing 'rich colour' is to photography.
 
 Until you have printed out a couple of pictures from competing camera sensors, you just cannot see the difference that better light capture makes.
 Given we take photos to 'record the moment'; a better recording of that moment might actually matter.
 More megapixels doesn't make it a better recording... just allows you to decide that your initial 'crop' of the scene was incorrectly chosen, and that you only want to use a tinier part of the image instead.
 Most photographers would rather think ahead to the shot they WANT to capture.
 Or we can do it the 'Michael Bay way' and have hundreds of hours (petabytes of data) of footage to 'select from'. There once was a time when hollywood storyboarded their movies and knew what they were trying to convey in each scene...; Megapixel aside for one second....; The photos I take on the Note 7 (IMX260 sensor) poo all over the photos from Note 4 / 5 (Sony IMX240).; The sensor is capturing noticably more range of light (dynamic range), and the HDR auto mode is working a lot better, and looks to be set for more gradations in shadows..; Some of this (the HDR aspect) could come through a software upgrade to the older phones,.. but the extra dynamic range cannot.; Combined with the ability to save RAW modes,.. software for photo editing can do a lot to render sharper images,.. and working with RAW modes and high powered CPUs (and GPUs in some instances) can give a lot more 'processing power' than what we can expect from on camera 'fast' processing to make a jpeg.; I cannot hammer home enough how important capturing 'rich colour' is to photography.; Until you have printed out a couple of pictures from competing camera sensors, you just cannot see the difference that better light capture makes.; Given we take photos to 'record the moment'; a better recording of that moment might actually matter.; More megapixels doesn't make it a better recording... just allows you to decide that your initial 'crop' of the scene was incorrectly chosen, and that you only want to use a tinier part of the image instead.; Most photographers would rather think ahead to the shot they WANT to capture.; Or we can do it the 'Michael Bay way' and have hundreds of hours (petabytes of data) of footage to 'select from'. There once was a time when hollywood storyboarded their movies and knew what they were trying to convey in each scene...
PARAG B, 30 Aug 20169mp cud be ok for you, but u cannot expect everyone to be ok or be happy with it..Its plainly ... more Each time you choose to not hear what the "more megapixel does not mean better quality" people are actually saying just allows you to go on truly uneducated.
 
 By all means: "prefer your higher megapixel count", just do not be dismissive of better sensors!
 
 With a newer sensor often comes improvements in dynamic range, and wider range of usable ISO (sensitivity).
 This is for more than just 'low light' photography, but is certainly how most people will attempt to describe one of the benefits this offers.
 
 Simply put; wider dynamic range is 'capturing better colours'/'light' when taking photos.
 Spec sheets and 'more megapixel' might 'sound good', but is unlikely to look better than a sensor designed to take 'great photos' (irrelevant of the spec sheet numbers).
 
 Newer sensors in 'camera phones' start to approach aps-c (dslr typically) sensors from over a decade ago in colour reproduction.
 To some people who take photos; what the photos LOOK LIKE actually matters.
 
 For all the rest, they can enjoy having 20 megapixel sensors without optical stabilisation, on slower glass, that have to hold the shutter button open for longer (and end up with a blurred image, albeit at, say 16mp... 16 megapixels of blur with ISO artifacts and significantly less colour response. Unless shot in perfect sunlight (whih most actual photographers try to avoid due to the 'harshness' of the light / extremity between the shadow and the highlight detail) which will reduce the blur aspect of a potentially moving target, but will still be missing the dynamic range improvements allowing greater colour recording and better dynamics from light to dark.
 
 Modern sensors, especially ones attempting to do a better job at light capture, are significantly better than older sensors that might quote more megapixels.
 
 But, to each their own....
 
 I still argue that 12mp (or 9mp for widescreen; though I would encourage trying panorama mode with phone held vertically for an extremely detailed widescreen image) with a lens adapter that nets much sharper photo detail than more megapixels ever will, whilst having the benefits of a photo sensor designed for GREAT PHOTOS, is the better camera sensor for majority of people and most occaisions. 
 Knowing that this phone can take underwater shots,.. better light capturing ability should be paramount; and ALWAYS aids in taking better photos.
 
 Real world usage vs theoretical. 
 Given that the best monitors don't have 9MP of resolution... and most people never print beyond 6x4", real world argument against using a camera sensor that capture better light is just silly. Given that a sensors' job is TO CAPTURE LIGHT!; Each time you choose to not hear what the "more megapixel does not mean better quality" people are actually saying just allows you to go on truly uneducated.; By all means: "prefer your higher megapixel count", just do not be dismissive of better sensors!; With a newer sensor often comes improvements in dynamic range, and wider range of usable ISO (sensitivity).; This is for more than just 'low light' photography, but is certainly how most people will attempt to describe one of the benefits this offers.; Simply put; wider dynamic range is 'capturing better colours'/'light' when taking photos.; Spec sheets and 'more megapixel' might 'sound good', but is unlikely to look better than a sensor designed to take 'great photos' (irrelevant of the spec sheet numbers).; Newer sensors in 'camera phones' start to approach aps-c (dslr typically) sensors from over a decade ago in colour reproduction.; To some people who take photos; what the photos LOOK LIKE actually matters.; For all the rest, they can enjoy having 20 megapixel sensors without optical stabilisation, on slower glass, that have to hold the shutter button open for longer (and end up with a blurred image, albeit at, say 16mp... 16 megapixels of blur with ISO artifacts and significantly less colour response. Unless shot in perfect sunlight (whih most actual photographers try to avoid due to the 'harshness' of the light / extremity between the shadow and the highlight detail) which will reduce the blur aspect of a potentially moving target, but will still be missing the dynamic range improvements allowing greater colour recording and better dynamics from light to dark.; Modern sensors, especially ones attempting to do a better job at light capture, are significantly better than older sensors that might quote more megapixels.; But, to each their own....; I still argue that 12mp (or 9mp for widescreen; though I would encourage trying panorama mode with phone held vertically for an extremely detailed widescreen image) with a lens adapter that nets much sharper photo detail than more megapixels ever will, whilst having the benefits of a photo sensor designed for GREAT PHOTOS, is the better camera sensor for majority of people and most occaisions.; Knowing that this phone can take underwater shots,.. better light capturing ability should be paramount; and ALWAYS aids in taking better photos.; Real world usage vs theoretical.; Given that the best monitors don't have 9MP of resolution... and most people never print beyond 6x4", real world argument against using a camera sensor that capture better light is just silly. Given that a sensors' job is TO CAPTURE LIGHT!
Bunyip22, 30 Aug 2016The 16MP 16:9 photos on the GN4 (5312x2988) used to bug me because the file sizes were really ... more9mp cud be ok for you, but u cannot expect everyone to be ok or be happy with it..Its plainly stupid for me to use 9mp 16:9 photos with less details i mostly use my smartphones camera in daytime .and no! i do not everytime print posters of the pics that i take .its just that i do not like the idea of loosing out on details from my photos ..and the mb size of the photos does not bother me a bit..most Ppl now a days think that just by saying that "mp does not matter" they sound very intellactual.i.e they keep on repeating the same thing..again and again but for me that exta resolution matters and i am upgrading not downgrading so why can i not expect a better camera on GN7 like i mentioned in my previous post; 9mp cud be ok for you, but u cannot expect everyone to be ok or be happy with it..Its plainly stupid for me to use 9mp 16:9 photos with less details i mostly use my smartphones camera in daytime .and no! i do not everytime print posters of the pics that i take .its just that i do not like the idea of loosing out on details from my photos ..and the mb size of the photos does not bother me a bit..most Ppl now a days think that just by saying that "mp does not matter" they sound very intellactual.i.e they keep on repeating the same thing..again and again but for me that exta resolution matters and i am upgrading not downgrading so why can i not expect a better camera on GN7 like i mentioned in my previous post
Bunyip22, 30 Aug 2016Why are you calling the GN7 brittle? Phonebuffs mechanical drop tests (most accurate) show ... moreI have seen those videos too! GN7 screen has gorilla glass 5 however it is a bit soft and is scratch prone than previous gorilla glaas 4 although GG5 can take more drops as its a bit flexible and soft without shatterring the screen when compaired to GG4 but the edges still gives GN7 a disadvatage as it may start to crack from there(i.e i wanted flat screen GN7 modal as well) you might also know that even the GG4 can also take drops.
 So if you see scratching a screen is a more comman scenario than dropping the phone i have never used and never liked to use a scratch guard on any of my smartphones screen but with GG5 i have got no option left but to use screen guard and not only on the front but at back also as GN7 is also covered with GG5 from its back.; I have seen those videos too! GN7 screen has gorilla glass 5 however it is a bit soft and is scratch prone than previous gorilla glaas 4 although GG5 can take more drops as its a bit flexible and soft without shatterring the screen when compaired to GG4 but the edges still gives GN7 a disadvatage as it may start to crack from there(i.e i wanted flat screen GN7 modal as well) you might also know that even the GG4 can also take drops.; So if you see scratching a screen is a more comman scenario than dropping the phone i have never used and never liked to use a scratch guard on any of my smartphones screen but with GG5 i have got no option left but to use screen guard and not only on the front but at back also as GN7 is also covered with GG5 from its back.
PARAG B, 30 Aug 2016Note7 is just the same as G S7 edge with a spen I hated s7 and s7 edge for its camera and was ... moreThen just stay with the Note.5 for the camera you love. For your information, the S Pen can still place marks on the curved edges.; Then just stay with the Note.5 for the camera you love. For your information, the S Pen can still place marks on the curved edges.
Anonymous, 30 Aug 2016Once you glued the SIM card and the microSD card together, it is a non-reversible process, you... moreI reversed the SIM back - now what?; I reversed the SIM back - now what?
Anonymous, 30 Aug 2016Once you glued the SIM card and the microSD card together, it is a non-reversible process, you... moreWhy are you calling the GN7 brittle?
 
 Phonebuffs mechanical drop tests (most accurate) show the GN5 shatters more than the GN7 on the very first drop. The GN7 survived 50 drops and still worked 100%.
 
 As far as drop test durability goes, the GN7 ranked 3rd of all the phones they have tested... the GN5 was a distant 8th..... The GN7 scratches easier but the GN5 is the more brittle, less durable phone. 
 
 Note 7 drop test is below.
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DKGfuct01M4 
 
 Note 5 drop test is below.
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Od3UWz9gdk8; Why are you calling the GN7 brittle?; Phonebuffs mechanical drop tests (most accurate) show the GN5 shatters more than the GN7 on the very first drop. The GN7 survived 50 drops and still worked 100%.; As far as drop test durability goes, the GN7 ranked 3rd of all the phones they have tested... the GN5 was a distant 8th..... The GN7 scratches easier but the GN5 is the more brittle, less durable phone.; Note 7 drop test is below.; Note 5 drop test is below.
PARAG B, 30 Aug 2016Note7 is just the same as G S7 edge with a spen I hated s7 and s7 edge for its camera and was ... moreThe 16MP 16:9 photos on the GN4 (5312x2988) used to bug me because the file sizes were really big (5-12MB).
 
 The 9MP 16:9 photos on the GN7 (4032x2268) is sweet for me because the image quality awesome and the file sizes are way smaller (1.5-3.0MB).
 
 When you have kids and you take hundreds of photos and use cloud this is really handy :-); The 16MP 16:9 photos on the GN4 (5312x2988) used to bug me because the file sizes were really big (5-12MB).; The 9MP 16:9 photos on the GN7 (4032x2268) is sweet for me because the image quality awesome and the file sizes are way smaller (1.5-3.0MB).; When you have kids and you take hundreds of photos and use cloud this is really handy :-)
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 29 Aug 2016Yes, you can. You need to be accurate make sure the SIM is really glued securely into the micr... moreOnce you glued the SIM card and the microSD card together, it is a non-reversible process, you cannot use them separately anymore. What if someday I want to use the microSD card to the plastic phone Note 3 and keep using the SIM card to the brittle Note 7?
 FAILED!; Once you glued the SIM card and the microSD card together, it is a non-reversible process, you cannot use them separately anymore. What if someday I want to use the microSD card to the plastic phone Note 3 and keep using the SIM card to the brittle Note 7?; FAILED!
Note7 is just the same as G S7 edge with a spen I hated s7 and s7 edge for its camera and was afraid that samsung sud not adapt the same camera for Note 7 but that is exactly what has happened plus there is no flat screen version.So all in all waterproofing, Sd card slot and extra 500mah battery are the only things going in favour of Note7 but for me all of these advantages become not so important than a Camera on my Smartphone..
 .bigger f1.7 apreture is good for low light but that does not mean that i have to live with 12mp squarish low detailed ( than Note5) daytime photos and sheaky videos which is a disadvantage for s7 s7 edge and now the Note7 as well.
 
 Although i am going to get Note7 shortly as there is no other better smartphone rightnow However i still feel that note5 is still a great device .plus note5 does not have scratch prone gorilla glass screen like of note7
 note5 has excellent daytime camera which is better than note7's camera .
 Note5 does not have the useless (shatter prone) edges like Note7.
 Spen works better on a flat screen note5 not on edge screen .
 Note5 is still a very fast and multitasking phone with its 4gb ram and 2.1ghz processor.Note5 has 64gb & 128gb modals.
 
 Note7 sud have had 20mp (or atleast 16mp) camera with the f/1.7 apreture (for low light) and full 16:9 aspect ratio instead of square photos which looks ugly on a smart tvs which mainly has 16:9 aspect ratio.
 Note7 sud have had a flat screen modal.
 Note7 sud have had a 6gb ram plus 128gb modal for the price samsung is asking us to pay.; Note7 is just the same as G S7 edge with a spen I hated s7 and s7 edge for its camera and was afraid that samsung sud not adapt the same camera for Note 7 but that is exactly what has happened plus there is no flat screen version.So all in all waterproofing, Sd card slot and extra 500mah battery are the only things going in favour of Note7 but for me all of these advantages become not so important than a Camera on my Smartphone..; .bigger f1.7 apreture is good for low light but that does not mean that i have to live with 12mp squarish low detailed ( than Note5) daytime photos and sheaky videos which is a disadvantage for s7 s7 edge and now the Note7 as well.; Although i am going to get Note7 shortly as there is no other better smartphone rightnow However i still feel that note5 is still a great device .plus note5 does not have scratch prone gorilla glass screen like of note7; note5 has excellent daytime camera which is better than note7's camera .; Note5 does not have the useless (shatter prone) edges like Note7.; Spen works better on a flat screen note5 not on edge screen .; Note5 is still a very fast and multitasking phone with its 4gb ram and 2.1ghz processor.Note5 has 64gb & 128gb modals.; Note7 sud have had 20mp (or atleast 16mp) camera with the f/1.7 apreture (for low light) and full 16:9 aspect ratio instead of square photos which looks ugly on a smart tvs which mainly has 16:9 aspect ratio.; Note7 sud have had a flat screen modal.; Note7 sud have had a 6gb ram plus 128gb modal for the price samsung is asking us to pay.
absolut-allen, 30 Aug 2016Agreed. That's why I think the Note sold s9 well this time around due to those wanting to upgr... moreThe problem with Samsung is they haven't been consistent with features of their product. They have put out some interesting features that are taken out by the next generation. It's likely they have started to make tech slumps every other year because they seem to be running out of tech innovations. 
 
 Making the S6 and Note.5 flagships unattractive and not selling to Europe was the strategy to make us want the next generation. They starve us first.
 
 So,I predict that next year's Note would have a significant feature taken out, while some new ones are introduced. I know it doesn't make sense. Unlike Apple who keep features they've introduced from previous iPhones.; The problem with Samsung is they haven't been consistent with features of their product. They have put out some interesting features that are taken out by the next generation. It's likely they have started to make tech slumps every other year because they seem to be running out of tech innovations.; Making the S6 and Note.5 flagships unattractive and not selling to Europe was the strategy to make us want the next generation. They starve us first.; So,I predict that next year's Note would have a significant feature taken out, while some new ones are introduced. I know it doesn't make sense. Unlike Apple who keep features they've introduced from previous iPhones.
I've got the Note 7, switching over from an iPhone 6S Plus. I don't understand what all the hype has been about this phone's display and camera, because from my experience thus far with both devices, the iPhone clearly has the superior display and camera. I've asked friends and family to compare them, too, and all agree with me. Needless to say, I will be going back to the far better iPhone.; I've got the Note 7, switching over from an iPhone 6S Plus. I don't understand what all the hype has been about this phone's display and camera, because from my experience thus far with both devices, the iPhone clearly has the superior display and camera. I've asked friends and family to compare them, too, and all agree with me. Needless to say, I will be going back to the far better iPhone.
Bunyip22, 30 Aug 2016Compared to the GN5 the major benefits of the GN7 are water proofing and micro SD card. Not im... moreAgreed. That's why I think the Note sold s9 well this time around due to those wanting to upgrade their older Notes. I haven't seen anything riveting enough to take the jump from the 5 so I'll be in line for the 8 for sure.; Agreed. That's why I think the Note sold s9 well this time around due to those wanting to upgrade their older Notes. I haven't seen anything riveting enough to take the jump from the 5 so I'll be in line for the 8 for sure.
mrkabbazi, 30 Aug 2016I dont see any dramatic superiority with previous galaxy notes. Considering the price, note 7 ... moreCompared to the GN5 the major benefits of the GN7 are water proofing and micro SD card. Not important to some people but the missing SD card stopped me getting the GN5.
 
 On top of this there are the usual improvements to appearance, battery life, performance, camera, software etc etc.
 
 If you have a GN5 and don't need IP or SD the GN7 may not be warranted but it is a massive jump up on the GN4 imho.; Compared to the GN5 the major benefits of the GN7 are water proofing and micro SD card. Not important to some people but the missing SD card stopped me getting the GN5.; On top of this there are the usual improvements to appearance, battery life, performance, camera, software etc etc.; If you have a GN5 and don't need IP or SD the GN7 may not be warranted but it is a massive jump up on the GN4 imho.
Bunyip22, 24 Aug 2016Media server has been using 20 to 30 pct of my battery the last 2 days... Any ideas? MEDIA SERVER BATTERY DRAIN SOLVED.
 
 Media server has been a big drain (25-50%) for nearly 2 weeks. I tried a heap of things, deleted movies, pics, music but nothing worked. Doing some googling and i found a youtube video that said the S7 media server drain was from Google Chrome. I have reverted to the Samsung web browser this morning (which is pretty nice) and the MEDIA SERVER BATTERY DRAIN IS GONE!! :-)
 
 Obviously this doesn't happen to everyone but its pretty poor that a major app like chrome has a major flaw.; MEDIA SERVER BATTERY DRAIN SOLVED.; Media server has been a big drain (25-50%) for nearly 2 weeks. I tried a heap of things, deleted movies, pics, music but nothing worked. Doing some googling and i found a youtube video that said the S7 media server drain was from Google Chrome. I have reverted to the Samsung web browser this morning (which is pretty nice) and the MEDIA SERVER BATTERY DRAIN IS GONE!! :-); Obviously this doesn't happen to everyone but its pretty poor that a major app like chrome has a major flaw.
I dont see any dramatic superiority with previous galaxy notes. Considering the price, note 7 is even a fail.; I dont see any dramatic superiority with previous galaxy notes. Considering the price, note 7 is even a fail.
TPAA, 29 Aug 2016Another gigantic phone. Why can't they make a small phone about 4.6", dual SIM, removable batt... moreIT'S A PHABLET! It needs to be at least this size --'; IT'S A PHABLET! It needs to be at least this size --'
leo28, 29 Aug 2016they gave 12mp cam in s7 and note 7 so when they launch note 8 and s8 than people have some re... moreYou clearly don't know how cameras work so I'll put it in basic terms... If you add more MP to a small mobile sensor you get more noise (those square artefacts that are obvious in low light). Samsung has opted to go a large f1.7 aperture instead (let's in more liight) which has resulted in a great low light camera... I'm glad it's not 16MP.; You clearly don't know how cameras work so I'll put it in basic terms... If you add more MP to a small mobile sensor you get more noise (those square artefacts that are obvious in low light). Samsung has opted to go a large f1.7 aperture instead (let's in more liight) which has resulted in a great low light camera... I'm glad it's not 16MP.
G Chand, 29 Aug 2016Hahahaha that's right they gave 12mp cam in s7 and note 7 so when they launch note 8 and s8 than people have some reason to buy those latest phones!otherwise who would buy.cause phone tech has reached a place where very little improvement is possible now...10 years ago each year the phone became rwice faster and twice better camera.now upper limit is reached.they have to play tricks to make you buy more; they gave 12mp cam in s7 and note 7 so when they launch note 8 and s8 than people have some reason to buy those latest phones!otherwise who would buy.cause phone tech has reached a place where very little improvement is possible now...10 years ago each year the phone became rwice faster and twice better camera.now upper limit is reached.they have to play tricks to make you buy more
Farcry 5, 29 Aug 2016Pedro the neighbor..what u think im should upgrade from Note 4 to Note 7? The only thing i ... moreI've admired the Note 4, yet I felt out had not enough features to make me jump from my Note 3.
 
 Water-resistance alone should not be the sole reason to upgrade. There's the wickedly fast-focusing super-sharp excellent camera, more internal memory, excellent fingerprint unlocking, S Pen greatly improved, and HDR playback
 
 Iris scanning is slower and less convenient than a fingerprint scan, putting glass as a rear material is stupid, wireless charging is a waste of time, sealed battery means spending more money for replacing it when it starts giving shorter life per charge, and no way you can have extended battery that will DIRECTLY power the device.
 
 You'll miss the Infrared remote functions, user battery replacement, and sturdier back.; I've admired the Note 4, yet I felt out had not enough features to make me jump from my Note 3.; Water-resistance alone should not be the sole reason to upgrade. There's the wickedly fast-focusing super-sharp excellent camera, more internal memory, excellent fingerprint unlocking, S Pen greatly improved, and HDR playback; Iris scanning is slower and less convenient than a fingerprint scan, putting glass as a rear material is stupid, wireless charging is a waste of time, sealed battery means spending more money for replacing it when it starts giving shorter life per charge, and no way you can have extended battery that will DIRECTLY power the device.; You'll miss the Infrared remote functions, user battery replacement, and sturdier back.
Another gigantic phone. Why can't they make a small phone about 4.6", dual SIM, removable battery and stylus and radio (better still with DAB radio!); Another gigantic phone. Why can't they make a small phone about 4.6", dual SIM, removable battery and stylus and radio (better still with DAB radio!)
In Next Note Model, Samsung should increse the width of phone upto 78.5 mm, as it improves the reading text on the phone.; In Next Note Model, Samsung should increse the width of phone upto 78.5 mm, as it improves the reading text on the phone.
Anonymous, 29 Aug 2016Why does the S7 and Note 7 have a 12mp camera? That means my Samsung galaxy J5 has a better ca... moreHahahaha that's right; Hahahaha that's right
CrossMKD, 28 Aug 2016600$ vs 1100$ (V20 Vs Note7) Yes i would say the LG is with ``normal`` descent price vs the Sa... moreIt has (first ever phone having)cgg5 on both sides,brighest phone,(first ever phone with)dual edge screen,(too much)improved s pen,IP68 certified(dust and water proof),sAMOLED 5.7 inches(big) screen,1440×2560 pixels(518 ppi pixel density),(first ever and improved)grace ui,always on display,exynos 8890 chipset(octa core with great benchmark),mali-T880m12(great gpu),4 gb ram with 64 gb rom,expandable storage,same cameras of S7E(which won a lot of awards for camera),better li-po battery,(first ever Samsung phone with)type c connector,(first ever phone with)iris scanner which is great,SpO2,fast charging,wireless charging,3500mAh(large battery),HDR display.
 It is not name which people are paying for(in case of Note 7).
 Yeah.It is expensive(almost 950$) but worth every penny.
 Iris scanner is a great feature.Don't degrade it.
 If i had a 500$ or so,i would choose oneplus 3,mate 8 or p9 plus.
 But not lg.; It has (first ever phone having)cgg5 on both sides,brighest phone,(first ever phone with)dual edge screen,(too much)improved s pen,IP68 certified(dust and water proof),sAMOLED 5.7 inches(big) screen,1440×2560 pixels(518 ppi pixel density),(first ever and improved)grace ui,always on display,exynos 8890 chipset(octa core with great benchmark),mali-T880m12(great gpu),4 gb ram with 64 gb rom,expandable storage,same cameras of S7E(which won a lot of awards for camera),better li-po battery,(first ever Samsung phone with)type c connector,(first ever phone with)iris scanner which is great,SpO2,fast charging,wireless charging,3500mAh(large battery),HDR display.; It is not name which people are paying for(in case of Note 7).; Yeah.It is expensive(almost 950$) but worth every penny.; Iris scanner is a great feature.Don't degrade it.; If i had a 500$ or so,i would choose oneplus 3,mate 8 or p9 plus.; But not lg.
My Galaxy Note7 encountered touch screen problems! I need an update to fix it soon.; My Galaxy Note7 encountered touch screen problems! I need an update to fix it soon.
Pedro the neighbor..what u think im should upgrade from Note 4 to Note 7?
 
 The only thing i like about Note 7 is waterproof.; Pedro the neighbor..what u think im should upgrade from Note 4 to Note 7?; The only thing i like about Note 7 is waterproof.
utt, 29 Aug 2016Any chance we use 2 sims and memory card in the dual sim model as modified on the s6 edge+ dual? Yes, you can. You need to be accurate make sure the SIM is really glued securely into the microSD card.; Yes, you can. You need to be accurate make sure the SIM is really glued securely into the microSD card.
Any chance we use 2 sims and memory card in the dual sim model as modified on the s6 edge+ dual?; Any chance we use 2 sims and memory card in the dual sim model as modified on the s6 edge+ dual?
Where are the storage memory benchmarks?; Where are the storage memory benchmarks?
the best phone of the world. note7 is a lot better than s7 edge and 6s Plus, perfect phone for me, has a perfect Super AMOLED Screen; the best phone of the world. note7 is a lot better than s7 edge and 6s Plus, perfect phone for me, has a perfect Super AMOLED Screen
whitedragon, 29 Aug 2016Spen using when sketching might only show .1% usage (by the sketch software), but I would sugg... moreYeah, the 340Hz as oppose to what I'm used to is helping me better with my sketching. I just bought the pro tools of Autodesk Sketchbook, and the Note7's S Pen just flies! The new synthetic brushes and blending brushes are just wonderful! (For the artists out there)
 
 The pin-point accuracy is well-worth my getting a Note7. the smaller tip lets me do more details. Hand writing has been more enjoyable. Creating thin and thick lines and airbrush control is smooth with the 4096 levels of pressure control.
 
 No way I'm getting any smartphone with at least an active Wacom digitizer (S Pen). If Samsung is coming up with tilt input next year, I'll be getting that - my experience with Apple's Pencil on the iPad Pro is really positive with tilt input.
 
 Checking the built-in battery meter, Sketchbook actually uses 6 to 7% for using it for 3 hours. The other battery monitor strangely registers it as .1%.; Yeah, the 340Hz as oppose to what I'm used to is helping me better with my sketching. I just bought the pro tools of Autodesk Sketchbook, and the Note7's S Pen just flies! The new synthetic brushes and blending brushes are just wonderful! (For the artists out there); The pin-point accuracy is well-worth my getting a Note7. the smaller tip lets me do more details. Hand writing has been more enjoyable. Creating thin and thick lines and airbrush control is smooth with the 4096 levels of pressure control.; No way I'm getting any smartphone with at least an active Wacom digitizer (S Pen). If Samsung is coming up with tilt input next year, I'll be getting that - my experience with Apple's Pencil on the iPad Pro is really positive with tilt input.; Checking the built-in battery meter, Sketchbook actually uses 6 to 7% for using it for 3 hours. The other battery monitor strangely registers it as .1%.
When this phone sale in global(including Malaysia); When this phone sale in global(including Malaysia)
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 29 Aug 2016Sorry, paying $600 for something with lower battery efficiency, no split, no screenSuper AMOLE... moreI agree I wouldn't get a phone without these features!!!!!!
 good job it has them then hahahaha; I agree I wouldn't get a phone without these features!!!!!!; good job it has them then hahahaha
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 29 Aug 2016They only power saving thing I do is to keep the screen brightness to 50%, GPS off. Everything... moreSpen using when sketching might only show .1% usage (by the sketch software), but I would suggest "trust your instincts" on that one...
 Apparently the digitiser ramps up to 340hz when the Spen is used; that would increment the power used by Android or System (or something more generic than the Sketch software).
 
 good job keeping on it..
 best to learn our new toys once and then happily rely on their performance..
 
 even with gps off, the phone pings wifi and gps regularly unless we dig up all the esoteric little places it has options setup to 'keep them active' (even without them showing).
 
 having run hidden networks for years, I have seen the huge drain that can be made constantly looking for the 'hidden network'.
 
 I do believe our phones will yield better runtimes in a week or so-once Android settles a bit ;-); Spen using when sketching might only show .1% usage (by the sketch software), but I would suggest "trust your instincts" on that one...; Apparently the digitiser ramps up to 340hz when the Spen is used; that would increment the power used by Android or System (or something more generic than the Sketch software).; good job keeping on it..; best to learn our new toys once and then happily rely on their performance..; even with gps off, the phone pings wifi and gps regularly unless we dig up all the esoteric little places it has options setup to 'keep them active' (even without them showing).; having run hidden networks for years, I have seen the huge drain that can be made constantly looking for the 'hidden network'.; I do believe our phones will yield better runtimes in a week or so-once Android settles a bit ;-)
whitedragon, 29 Aug 2016Pedro, I keep having responses 'moderated' away to some black hole at the back of the couch...... moreThey only power saving thing I do is to keep the screen brightness to 50%, GPS off. Everything else are on.
 
 On pure LTE data, it lasted 7:51H, 5:48H SOT, with 1 GB consumed. Mixed with
 YouTube, surfing, drawing on Sketchbook, and Spotify via Bluetooth headset.
 http://flic.kr/p/LrrWLy 
 
 I thought drawing Sketchbook was the culprit, however the chart shows it only consumed .1% if the total power used.
 
 It's not hitting the over 8 hours SOT via Wi-Fi. LTE does take up more. That's more than 2.5 hours or 30% less than while connected to Wi-Fi.
 
 I'm really looking at the Screen On Time. Note7 seems to have a good job at keeping the battery at minimal drain when it's not being used. Looks like it is giving 6 to 6.5 hours SOT on a charge.
 
 That's my usual personal usage scenario whereby I'm mostly on YouTube and internet browsing - not into games. Games or heavy downloads will drastically shorten SOT, and overall battery as short as 6 hours.
 
 As for taking care of the battery, maintain the charge not lower than 40% for better life cycles. I charge once it hits 50%. If you keep deep draining, expect the usual claimed 300 to 500 charging cycles. If you maintain the battery not reaching not less than 50%, you can prolong the battery to last 1200 cycles.
 http://flic.kr/p/J9T9mh 
 
 Now I have to be carrying a powerbank all the time until Zerolemon comes out with an integrated battery case of 8500 mAh.
 
 Looks like someone is not getting the Note7 with the amount of rants.; They only power saving thing I do is to keep the screen brightness to 50%, GPS off. Everything else are on.; On pure LTE data, it lasted 7:51H, 5:48H SOT, with 1 GB consumed. Mixed with; YouTube, surfing, drawing on Sketchbook, and Spotify via Bluetooth headset.; I thought drawing Sketchbook was the culprit, however the chart shows it only consumed .1% if the total power used.; It's not hitting the over 8 hours SOT via Wi-Fi. LTE does take up more. That's more than 2.5 hours or 30% less than while connected to Wi-Fi.; I'm really looking at the Screen On Time. Note7 seems to have a good job at keeping the battery at minimal drain when it's not being used. Looks like it is giving 6 to 6.5 hours SOT on a charge.; That's my usual personal usage scenario whereby I'm mostly on YouTube and internet browsing - not into games. Games or heavy downloads will drastically shorten SOT, and overall battery as short as 6 hours.; As for taking care of the battery, maintain the charge not lower than 40% for better life cycles. I charge once it hits 50%. If you keep deep draining, expect the usual claimed 300 to 500 charging cycles. If you maintain the battery not reaching not less than 50%, you can prolong the battery to last 1200 cycles.; Now I have to be carrying a powerbank all the time until Zerolemon comes out with an integrated battery case of 8500 mAh.; Looks like someone is not getting the Note7 with the amount of rants.
CrossMKD, 28 Aug 2016600$ vs 1100$ (V20 Vs Note7) Yes i would say the LG is with ``normal`` descent price vs the Sa... moreSorry, paying $600 for something with lower battery efficiency, no split, no screenSuper AMOLED screen, no water-resistance, no dual SIM, no best overall camera with the fastest focusing, no secret folder, no iris scanner, no 6.5 hours Screen On Time (even up to over 8 hours), and no active Wacom digitizer pen (which is the number one reason why a Galaxy Note exists).
 
 You're right, paying $1000+ doesn't make sense - if you don't need or use the above features. Note7 is currently the best smartphone, V10 is but a shadow - well-deserved $600 pricing.; Sorry, paying $600 for something with lower battery efficiency, no split, no screenSuper AMOLED screen, no water-resistance, no dual SIM, no best overall camera with the fastest focusing, no secret folder, no iris scanner, no 6.5 hours Screen On Time (even up to over 8 hours), and no active Wacom digitizer pen (which is the number one reason why a Galaxy Note exists).; You're right, paying $1000+ doesn't make sense - if you don't need or use the above features. Note7 is currently the best smartphone, V10 is but a shadow - well-deserved $600 pricing.
Zootopia, 28 Aug 2016Thanks, But no thanks Your answer isn't even close to what I ask. and that's not an answer, ... moreI have had it happen where a response doesn't actually respond to the person it was intended for.
 
 Given no one else responded to you,.. I am guessing you had an issue with my 'article'.
 
 If you actually noted what I wrote,.. there was three or four paragraphs helping you as a consumer to figure out whether a Note was shortlist worthy for you,.. and four paragraphs giving you 'user experience' / my take on the phone.
 
 Not sure which you had issue reading; but both tacts were reasonable based on what you asked..
 
 Given most people in forums can either be 'fanpeople' of their chosen product, I took a fairly neutral approach and tried to respond in a way that mattered to you...
 To actually help you to make up your mind with regards to purchasing a fairly expensive phone.
 
 Based on you sharp response, I feel I overwhelmed you/ or you didn't actually want a reasoned response/ you don't want to hear positivity about the new Notes..
 
 This phone smashes the Note 5 out of the park; and is highly recommended if you are considering a Note purchase! (Simple enough?!); I have had it happen where a response doesn't actually respond to the person it was intended for.; Given no one else responded to you,.. I am guessing you had an issue with my 'article'.; If you actually noted what I wrote,.. there was three or four paragraphs helping you as a consumer to figure out whether a Note was shortlist worthy for you,.. and four paragraphs giving you 'user experience' / my take on the phone.; Not sure which you had issue reading; but both tacts were reasonable based on what you asked..; Given most people in forums can either be 'fanpeople' of their chosen product, I took a fairly neutral approach and tried to respond in a way that mattered to you...; To actually help you to make up your mind with regards to purchasing a fairly expensive phone.; Based on you sharp response, I feel I overwhelmed you/ or you didn't actually want a reasoned response/ you don't want to hear positivity about the new Notes..; This phone smashes the Note 5 out of the park; and is highly recommended if you are considering a Note purchase! (Simple enough?!)
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 28 Aug 2016Except Note.5 has no memory expansion, no water-resistance, no f/1.7 camera, and the other goo... morePedro, I keep having responses 'moderated' away to some black hole at the back of the couch... 
 
 It has been frustrating as I have written a couple of responces confirming the value of what you have written.
 Today; when another person noted the bickering and pointlessness that fills these forums, I tried to chip in that valuable contributions (like yours' with regards to power usage across screen resolutions) get deleted due to a small minority who devalue the whole thread/forum.
 
 Hoping this isn't another one that 'doesn't make it', as I genuinely would like to reassure you that your comments are valued.
 
 On topic of battery consumption...
 There are a few areas in the phone to turn off 'inspect networks',.. even with Wifi and bluetooth (and GPS turned 'off') default settings on the phone have these things running in the background.
 I encourage you to go through and look for all the areas (I found three or four) where these can be properly disabled. Whilst it won't net you significantly extra time, it might just help.
 
 I find pretty good runtimes,.. though I try to keep the screen off a lot.
 Standard stuff like tuning all webforums to use a grey or 'dark' palette can help the OLED screen (power consumption lessened)...
 
 I know you are an experienced user, and this stuff might not help you.. many people do read these forums.
 Good work for sharing your efforts with regards to power consumption; i did get to read them when they were 'up'.; Pedro, I keep having responses 'moderated' away to some black hole at the back of the couch...; It has been frustrating as I have written a couple of responces confirming the value of what you have written.; Today; when another person noted the bickering and pointlessness that fills these forums, I tried to chip in that valuable contributions (like yours' with regards to power usage across screen resolutions) get deleted due to a small minority who devalue the whole thread/forum.; Hoping this isn't another one that 'doesn't make it', as I genuinely would like to reassure you that your comments are valued.; On topic of battery consumption...; There are a few areas in the phone to turn off 'inspect networks',.. even with Wifi and bluetooth (and GPS turned 'off') default settings on the phone have these things running in the background.; I encourage you to go through and look for all the areas (I found three or four) where these can be properly disabled. Whilst it won't net you significantly extra time, it might just help.; I find pretty good runtimes,.. though I try to keep the screen off a lot.; Standard stuff like tuning all webforums to use a grey or 'dark' palette can help the OLED screen (power consumption lessened)...; I know you are an experienced user, and this stuff might not help you.. many people do read these forums.; Good work for sharing your efforts with regards to power consumption; i did get to read them when they were 'up'.
CrossMKD, 28 Aug 2016600$ vs 1100$ (V20 Vs Note7) Yes i would say the LG is with ``normal`` descent price vs the Sa... moreFirst of all the Note 7 isn't $1100. And then you're comparing apples to oranges with the V20. If you didn't know, the Note series is for people who use the "pen" and have the extra software multitasking purposes related to the pen. You're on the wrong comment section. Run along to the Galaxy S7 Edge forum if you want to run your comparisons.; First of all the Note 7 isn't $1100. And then you're comparing apples to oranges with the V20. If you didn't know, the Note series is for people who use the "pen" and have the extra software multitasking purposes related to the pen. You're on the wrong comment section. Run along to the Galaxy S7 Edge forum if you want to run your comparisons.
Why does the S7 and Note 7 have a 12mp camera? That means my Samsung galaxy J5 has a better camera and is cheaper; Why does the S7 and Note 7 have a 12mp camera? That means my Samsung galaxy J5 has a better camera and is cheaper
After 1 day with the new note 7, have to say, objectively and subjectively the best phone for me. The edge isn't difficult to manage at all. However my girlfriend does find it awkward to hold without accidentally tapping on something. I don't understand why lol. 
 
 As for performance, smoothest son of a b samsung has ever put out, period. 
 
 The camera is excellent. Nothing more to say. The display is amazing as is usual with samoled. I find that the 4gb ram is so far good enough to handle my multitasking needs but i do admit, 6gb would have probably been better.; After 1 day with the new note 7, have to say, objectively and subjectively the best phone for me. The edge isn't difficult to manage at all. However my girlfriend does find it awkward to hold without accidentally tapping on something. I don't understand why lol.; As for performance, smoothest son of a b samsung has ever put out, period.; The camera is excellent. Nothing more to say. The display is amazing as is usual with samoled. I find that the 4gb ram is so far good enough to handle my multitasking needs but i do admit, 6gb would have probably been better.
Samsung should try and be upgrading there battery capacity, a phone with 4gb ram and with just 3500amh that ain't good at all.Try fix the ba3 to something high at least 5000amh
 ..; Samsung should try and be upgrading there battery capacity, a phone with 4gb ram and with just 3500amh that ain't good at all.Try fix the ba3 to something high at least 5000amh; ..
[deleted post]It gets pretty serious sometimes... to be fair it isn't even a full handful of users that creates most of the mess. (A few logins no doubt)....
 
 Yesterday I wrote a response to one of the silly comments, directed at a longtime forum goer who,had supplied some excellent research on battery usage. This was brilliant work, trying out differing screen resolutions and was, to the best of my knowledge, the first place this info existed.
 
 And a douche in here attacked them for spending so much time on their phone.
 Whilst my polite comment was moderated out, the origional poster of 'worthwhile content', simply deleted their work given.
 
 I have had most comments attempting to moderate in these threads removed (clearly my intent is to attack all readers!). Whilst perpetrators keep logging in under a stack of different names.
 
 Some even spoof the login details and photos of long time regulars...
 
 I have sent emails direct to the website (moderators) explaining what is likely to happen if they don't get on top of this...
 Long time members whombuild the community positively and add 'substance' will leave.
 In fact, I have people dummy spit at me, and leave- believing that I was logging in with multiple accounts and arguing with myself.....
 
 Truth is the number of people doing this are few,.. and I have left for years at a time, generally whenever they are taking aim at whichever phone I presently have.
 
 They actually hate the phone they don't have, until they get it, and then their vehemence turns on 'the ignorant few' who don't see how awesome their 'new phone' is.
 
 My biggest issue is the number of posts (and number of accounts with high post counts) that one person in particular uses, as it makes them seem way more mature than they actually are...
 
 Anyhow, this post will most likely be reported and 'moderated' away... so... share that domain again?!; It gets pretty serious sometimes... to be fair it isn't even a full handful of users that creates most of the mess. (A few logins no doubt)....; Yesterday I wrote a response to one of the silly comments, directed at a longtime forum goer who,had supplied some excellent research on battery usage. This was brilliant work, trying out differing screen resolutions and was, to the best of my knowledge, the first place this info existed.; And a douche in here attacked them for spending so much time on their phone.; Whilst my polite comment was moderated out, the origional poster of 'worthwhile content', simply deleted their work given.; I have had most comments attempting to moderate in these threads removed (clearly my intent is to attack all readers!). Whilst perpetrators keep logging in under a stack of different names.; Some even spoof the login details and photos of long time regulars...; I have sent emails direct to the website (moderators) explaining what is likely to happen if they don't get on top of this...; Long time members whombuild the community positively and add 'substance' will leave.; In fact, I have people dummy spit at me, and leave- believing that I was logging in with multiple accounts and arguing with myself.....; Truth is the number of people doing this are few,.. and I have left for years at a time, generally whenever they are taking aim at whichever phone I presently have.; They actually hate the phone they don't have, until they get it, and then their vehemence turns on 'the ignorant few' who don't see how awesome their 'new phone' is.; My biggest issue is the number of posts (and number of accounts with high post counts) that one person in particular uses, as it makes them seem way more mature than they actually are...; Anyhow, this post will most likely be reported and 'moderated' away... so... share that domain again?!
To make Record straight, No 6gb ram, nor 128gb internal. Why shud sammy discriminate, One thing about colors shortage, not good, in middle east asia, never to see coral blue, maybe nxt year when demand finished, then launch.; To make Record straight, No 6gb ram, nor 128gb internal. Why shud sammy discriminate, One thing about colors shortage, not good, in middle east asia, never to see coral blue, maybe nxt year when demand finished, then launch.
[deleted post]You know you can expand the storage with a icro sd card right?.................................. bruh; You know you can expand the storage with a icro sd card right?.................................. bruh
ahmed tanveer, 27 Aug 2016Note 7 has better screen type,better cgg version,iris scanner,dual edge screen,FHD screen,ip68... more600$ vs 1100$ (V20 Vs Note7) Yes i would say the LG is with ``normal`` descent price vs the Samsung's note7. + Why whould i need IRIS Scanner i mean wtf whats next, the mobile will scan my bloodtypeprint for unlocking ?! The v20 is cheaper and still functional as the Note7, doing normal stuff and things. At Samsung u just pay the name(brand) nothing else.; 600$ vs 1100$ (V20 Vs Note7) Yes i would say the LG is with ``normal`` descent price vs the Samsung's note7. + Why whould i need IRIS Scanner i mean wtf whats next, the mobile will scan my bloodtypeprint for unlocking ?! The v20 is cheaper and still functional as the Note7, doing normal stuff and things. At Samsung u just pay the name(brand) nothing else.
Thanks, But no thanks
 Your answer isn't even close to what I ask.
 and that's not an answer, that's an article.; Thanks, But no thanks; Your answer isn't even close to what I ask.; and that's not an answer, that's an article.
Ericc , 28 Aug 2016Note 7 baterry not the best one . 100% charged , when i use it for FB or internet about 30 min... moreuse the power saving mode...I use mine for a whole day before I need to recharge. its the best note yet.; use the power saving mode...I use mine for a whole day before I need to recharge. its the best note yet.
Galaxy note 7 or galaxy s7 edge; Galaxy note 7 or galaxy s7 edge
Ericc , 28 Aug 2016Note 7 baterry not the best one . 100% charged , when i use it for FB or internet about 30 min... moreIf you really have Note 7.Then go to settings and open battery optimization.
 Decrease brightness and resolution.It will almost double your battery(or more) without affecting your CPU,ram and chip set performance.
 You can get more than 2 days of battery with this awesome feature.
 So,in this way Note 7 has best battery.; If you really have Note 7.Then go to settings and open battery optimization.; Decrease brightness and resolution.It will almost double your battery(or more) without affecting your CPU,ram and chip set performance.; You can get more than 2 days of battery with this awesome feature.; So,in this way Note 7 has best battery.
Ericc , 28 Aug 2016Note 7 baterry not the best one . 100% charged , when i use it for FB or internet about 30 min... moreYour iPhone 6 is only packing a "4.7 and 750p display. Try setting it down to 1080p and see if it helps.; Your iPhone 6 is only packing a "4.7 and 750p display. Try setting it down to 1080p and see if it helps.
Imperator Neubaticus, 28 Aug 2016Lol maybe get a life? Being on your phone for 6 straight hours must do wonders for your social life.Lolz quoted the wrong post; Lolz quoted the wrong post
ahmed tanveer, 27 Aug 2016Note 7 has best battery customization. So,if you look that way,Note 7 has the best battery in... moreNote 7 baterry not the best one . 100% charged , when i use it for FB or internet about 30 mint the batery go down to 90% . It faster than my iphone 6.; Note 7 baterry not the best one . 100% charged , when i use it for FB or internet about 30 mint the batery go down to 90% . It faster than my iphone 6.
[deleted post]Except Note.5 has no memory expansion, no water-resistance, no f/1.7 camera, and the other good stuff. Especially having NO memory expansion was the biggest failure of the Note.5. I'm glad I didn't waste my money on that limited device.
 
 So, "... going the Note 5 way" is not exact. It's a pain to be carrying around a powerbank - despite the Note7's stellar battery optimization, it still can't honestly my usual 6 hours SOT, over for 18 hours for the day, without the sealed battery going under 20%. This is to keep the battery optimized for the long-term.
 
 While I would just change the battery or have an extended battery in place in my older devices, I have to carry and plug at least a 10,000 mAh powerbank every time time the battery meter hits 50%.
 
 I got rid of the wireless backpack battery - pretty useless as it can barely charge 50% of the sealed 3500 mAh, and takes more than 2 hours just to charge that little. No way I'm also utilizing fast charging, or fast wireless charging - they are designed to further degrade the battery.
 
 Hey, do let us know when you finally find a Note7 within your budget, or never be getting it after your many complaints about the Note7.; Except Note.5 has no memory expansion, no water-resistance, no f/1.7 camera, and the other good stuff. Especially having NO memory expansion was the biggest failure of the Note.5. I'm glad I didn't waste my money on that limited device.; So, "... going the Note 5 way" is not exact. It's a pain to be carrying around a powerbank - despite the Note7's stellar battery optimization, it still can't honestly my usual 6 hours SOT, over for 18 hours for the day, without the sealed battery going under 20%. This is to keep the battery optimized for the long-term.; While I would just change the battery or have an extended battery in place in my older devices, I have to carry and plug at least a 10,000 mAh powerbank every time time the battery meter hits 50%.; I got rid of the wireless backpack battery - pretty useless as it can barely charge 50% of the sealed 3500 mAh, and takes more than 2 hours just to charge that little. No way I'm also utilizing fast charging, or fast wireless charging - they are designed to further degrade the battery.; Hey, do let us know when you finally find a Note7 within your budget, or never be getting it after your many complaints about the Note7.
For hang and booting issue, wipe partition cache...; For hang and booting issue, wipe partition cache...
Hi bro..i have Note 4 now should i go for Note 7?
 
 I like spen i like drawing; Hi bro..i have Note 4 now should i go for Note 7?; I like spen i like drawing
[deleted post]Lol maybe get a life? Being on your phone for 6 straight hours must do wonders for your social life.; Lol maybe get a life? Being on your phone for 6 straight hours must do wonders for your social life.
Ahmedfox, 27 Aug 2016Guys just i have to know why note 6 it doesnt made is somebody noticed that ?!!&#128551;man, haven'you read about this phone?
 samsung skipped number 6 and named it 7, just to level things with the S series; man, haven'you read about this phone?; samsung skipped number 6 and named it 7, just to level things with the S series
note 7 is the best
 but why iPhone 6s win note 7 in speed test? &#128567;; note 7 is the best; but why iPhone 6s win note 7 in speed test? &#128567;
BTW Newer is better for high end smartphones; BTW Newer is better for high end smartphones
Imperator Neubaticus, 27 Aug 2016Have you tried handling the note 7? I find its curve much more manageable than that of the s6/... morePretty much the same, no more curves for me. Also, the curves on the sides exposed the phone to more shatters as the sides are now glass and exposed. Dropping the phone on the sides can invite disaster.; Pretty much the same, no more curves for me. Also, the curves on the sides exposed the phone to more shatters as the sides are now glass and exposed. Dropping the phone on the sides can invite disaster.
becool79, 27 Aug 2016S7 edge battery is the best ever ...I have used all kinds of phones from ios to windows to and... moreNote 7 has best battery customization.
 So,if you look that way,Note 7 has the best battery in market right now.; Note 7 has best battery customization.; So,if you look that way,Note 7 has the best battery in market right now.
Mobacon, 26 Aug 2016Your are incorrect the S7 Edge battery is the best it can go a full day. My note 7 can't is at... moreS7 edge battery is the best ever ...I have used all kinds of phones from ios to windows to android...now currently using s7 edge and Lumia 950 ds..
 max I have got from my s7 edge battery is 1d 20h with 6 hours sot...that's killer battery life..
 with medium use...I doubt note 7 will ever touch that coz of 100mah smaller batter..bigger screen and s pen extra load...lovin my s7 edge...; S7 edge battery is the best ever ...I have used all kinds of phones from ios to windows to android...now currently using s7 edge and Lumia 950 ds..; max I have got from my s7 edge battery is 1d 20h with 6 hours sot...that's killer battery life..; with medium use...I doubt note 7 will ever touch that coz of 100mah smaller batter..bigger screen and s pen extra load...lovin my s7 edge...
Nanovision, 26 Aug 2016Is camera same with galaxy s7 edge?S7E and Note 7 have same camera hardware.
 But,Note 7 has better camera software.
 In review of GSMArena and many more sites say that Note 7 has a better camera than S7E.; S7E and Note 7 have same camera hardware.; But,Note 7 has better camera software.; In review of GSMArena and many more sites say that Note 7 has a better camera than S7E.
CrossMKD, 26 Aug 2016V20 > Note 7Note 7 has better screen type,better cgg version,iris scanner,dual edge screen,FHD screen,ip68 certified(water and dust proof),always on display feature,s pen and its awesome features,SpO2,wireless charging and better battery type.
 LG V20 is rumored and most of the specs. are most likely to be overrated.
 Note 7 is better than v20 in many aspects too.
 But v20 will release after a lot of time.So,don't be too eager or fast.; Note 7 has better screen type,better cgg version,iris scanner,dual edge screen,FHD screen,ip68 certified(water and dust proof),always on display feature,s pen and its awesome features,SpO2,wireless charging and better battery type.; LG V20 is rumored and most of the specs. are most likely to be overrated.; Note 7 is better than v20 in many aspects too.; But v20 will release after a lot of time.So,don't be too eager or fast.
While GSM Arena has battery endurance of daily 1 hour usage for video playback, calls and browsing, others run a browsing script. The other tech tech site presented usage time of the Note7 (Exynos) compared to past Notes.
 
 http://flic.kr/p/LpmbQ9 
 
 Note7 gathered 9:49 hours and is the longest performing Galaxy Note on one charge. Note7 with Snapdragon 820 processor will last 7:55 hours. Means the Exynos is 24% more power efficient.
 
 In summary, the Note7 lasted better than the:
 Note 5 by 6.89% more
 Note 4 by 12.63% more
 Note 3 by 60.64% more
 
 Since I'm coming from the Note 3, it's like I'm getting 5,140 mAh battery instead of the stock 3200 mAh. This in theory will get me through 18 hours with more than 5.5 hours of SOT on the Note7.
 
 Yup, those coming from the Note 3 are in for a treat with the Note7, getting 60% more per charge - if you're getting the Exynos, that is.; While GSM Arena has battery endurance of daily 1 hour usage for video playback, calls and browsing, others run a browsing script. The other tech tech site presented usage time of the Note7 (Exynos) compared to past Notes.; Note7 gathered 9:49 hours and is the longest performing Galaxy Note on one charge. Note7 with Snapdragon 820 processor will last 7:55 hours. Means the Exynos is 24% more power efficient.; In summary, the Note7 lasted better than the:; Note 5 by 6.89% more; Note 4 by 12.63% more; Note 3 by 60.64% more; Since I'm coming from the Note 3, it's like I'm getting 5,140 mAh battery instead of the stock 3200 mAh. This in theory will get me through 18 hours with more than 5.5 hours of SOT on the Note7.; Yup, those coming from the Note 3 are in for a treat with the Note7, getting 60% more per charge - if you're getting the Exynos, that is.
neha pr, 27 Aug 2016Samsung Galaxy S8 > samsung Note 7Don't be too eager or fast.
 S8 is not going to be released till June/July 2017.
 I don't think anyone will wait for s8 if he wants to buy a phone this month.
 S8 is future and Note 7 is present technology.
 And future technology is better than present.
 In future,there will be many phones which will compete with s8 but there is no competition of note 7 with any mobile.
 There is no competition of s8 and note 7 because of time zone.
 Note 7 is best option.; Don't be too eager or fast.; S8 is not going to be released till June/July 2017.; I don't think anyone will wait for s8 if he wants to buy a phone this month.; S8 is future and Note 7 is present technology.; And future technology is better than present.; In future,there will be many phones which will compete with s8 but there is no competition of note 7 with any mobile.; There is no competition of s8 and note 7 because of time zone.; Note 7 is best option.
Zootopia, 26 Aug 2016I am planning to buy this , should I go for it ? Real users of the phone, please share your e... moreSharing experiences is 'one thing', and as helpful as that can be... you ultimately need to evaluate purchase from your own needs/wants perspective.
 
 If you have not considered an 'S-pen' phone previously, then that should be where to start!
 The Note line exists for S-Pen users. (The first iterations of the Note line, had it being technologically ahead the curve, with a bigger screen and battery, but this is not the case presently).
 
 If using the S-pen is not something you feel you would need,.. then the market for phones opens way up for you... there are a lot of competitive options available.
 
 I personally believe that it is ethical to buy reliable parts. The world cannot afford to keep churning out stuff designed for the rubbish heap in a couple of years. And even if it could, this is irresponsible rolemodelling to the 'next generation' that we pioneered cheaper stuff to market/disposable society.
 
 So what does a flagship need to make it 'the best'?
 Everyone has differing needs.
 My top three, that easily made this the 'phone for me', are based on needing the S-Pen, and finding a phone with low SAR value.
 
 The camera quality;
 Having worked in high end camera stores; the two cameras that every family needs access towards are a 'high end quality camera', for special occaisions and master photos, and a small portable 'everyday shooter' for capturing life unfolding.
 For years I recommended people grab the Sony TX5 (even though the bastards factory recalled and lost my unit, with no 'fair grounds' for replacement, lost me as a customer).
 The TX5 is a waterproof camera, that is small. It is quick to take the shot, allowing users to compose by selecting anywhere on the screen they might want to focus. It does panorama and has a very sensitive sensor capable of gathering good detail in poor lighting/have faster shutter speeds for less 'blurred shots'.
 The camera in the Note 7 uses a Sony IMX260 sensor. It is optically stabilised, with 'fast' glass (f1.7 lens). And this is a waterproof phone. So photos of childrens' first ever swim are perfectly doable.
 Whilst it is a 4:3 resolution sensor, the panorama mode, with the phone held 'vertically', makes for some insane 'widescreen' shots. Or 'banner' prints.
 In fact some of the cool phone tech is just brilliant, and I encourage new users to play/learn. 
 
 Waterproofing- So I mentioned this, as part of describing how useful a 'wet area' camera can prove. Knowing I wanted a weather sealed camera/phone a few years ago.. very happy with the new Note 7.
 
 The screen quality- best screen on the planet. Admittedly small. Combined with the HDR ' upscaling' chipset.. hard to beat this phone as a multimedia source ,.. when combined with:
 
 The audio quality; insane.
 My Note 4 was a snapdragon variant. And is poo. (Couldn't drive my headphones at all correctly, and I listen at 'softer levels' than the norm.)
 After fair burn in, the audio chip (Lucky DAC in my wolfson/cirrus paired effort) sounds fabulous. Combined with 300GBs of storage, my large FLAC file library can find home in a unit newer than my Samsung S(Voodoo sound modified).
 
 The audio of this phone is worth the entry price when combined with an everyday great camera, and a beaut multimedia screen.
 
 Playing FLACs at near full volume output is around 1.5% power used per hour. So nice long life as a portable media player-
 
 Anyhow.. paired with a Voyager (Plantronics) headset.. beaut sound quality. Same as bluetooth to some Sony MDR1ABTs..
 And the phone speaker is so loud and clear for calls I am finally getting in habit of holding phone away from my head.
 
 So a lot of this stuff is just 'modern samsung flagship' stuff.
 I didn't mention s-pen usage habits... 
 Waterproofing, good camera, great multimedia is also on the S7s.
 
 What have been your considerations so far with regards to finding a phone...
 What makes your 'short list'?; Sharing experiences is 'one thing', and as helpful as that can be... you ultimately need to evaluate purchase from your own needs/wants perspective.; If you have not considered an 'S-pen' phone previously, then that should be where to start!; The Note line exists for S-Pen users. (The first iterations of the Note line, had it being technologically ahead the curve, with a bigger screen and battery, but this is not the case presently).; If using the S-pen is not something you feel you would need,.. then the market for phones opens way up for you... there are a lot of competitive options available.; I personally believe that it is ethical to buy reliable parts. The world cannot afford to keep churning out stuff designed for the rubbish heap in a couple of years. And even if it could, this is irresponsible rolemodelling to the 'next generation' that we pioneered cheaper stuff to market/disposable society.; So what does a flagship need to make it 'the best'?; Everyone has differing needs.; My top three, that easily made this the 'phone for me', are based on needing the S-Pen, and finding a phone with low SAR value.; The camera quality;; Having worked in high end camera stores; the two cameras that every family needs access towards are a 'high end quality camera', for special occaisions and master photos, and a small portable 'everyday shooter' for capturing life unfolding.; For years I recommended people grab the Sony TX5 (even though the bastards factory recalled and lost my unit, with no 'fair grounds' for replacement, lost me as a customer).; The TX5 is a waterproof camera, that is small. It is quick to take the shot, allowing users to compose by selecting anywhere on the screen they might want to focus. It does panorama and has a very sensitive sensor capable of gathering good detail in poor lighting/have faster shutter speeds for less 'blurred shots'.; The camera in the Note 7 uses a Sony IMX260 sensor. It is optically stabilised, with 'fast' glass (f1.7 lens). And this is a waterproof phone. So photos of childrens' first ever swim are perfectly doable.; Whilst it is a 4:3 resolution sensor, the panorama mode, with the phone held 'vertically', makes for some insane 'widescreen' shots. Or 'banner' prints.; In fact some of the cool phone tech is just brilliant, and I encourage new users to play/learn.; Waterproofing- So I mentioned this, as part of describing how useful a 'wet area' camera can prove. Knowing I wanted a weather sealed camera/phone a few years ago.. very happy with the new Note 7.; The screen quality- best screen on the planet. Admittedly small. Combined with the HDR ' upscaling' chipset.. hard to beat this phone as a multimedia source ,.. when combined with:; The audio quality; insane.; My Note 4 was a snapdragon variant. And is poo. (Couldn't drive my headphones at all correctly, and I listen at 'softer levels' than the norm.); After fair burn in, the audio chip (Lucky DAC in my wolfson/cirrus paired effort) sounds fabulous. Combined with 300GBs of storage, my large FLAC file library can find home in a unit newer than my Samsung S(Voodoo sound modified).; The audio of this phone is worth the entry price when combined with an everyday great camera, and a beaut multimedia screen.; Playing FLACs at near full volume output is around 1.5% power used per hour. So nice long life as a portable media player-; Anyhow.. paired with a Voyager (Plantronics) headset.. beaut sound quality. Same as bluetooth to some Sony MDR1ABTs..; And the phone speaker is so loud and clear for calls I am finally getting in habit of holding phone away from my head.; So a lot of this stuff is just 'modern samsung flagship' stuff.; I didn't mention s-pen usage habits...; Waterproofing, good camera, great multimedia is also on the S7s.; What have been your considerations so far with regards to finding a phone...; What makes your 'short list'?
pentel, 26 Aug 2016My problem with the dual-edge curved display is I keep activating items on the sides of the sc... moreHave you tried handling the note 7? I find its curve much more manageable than that of the s6/s7 edge.; Have you tried handling the note 7? I find its curve much more manageable than that of the s6/s7 edge.
Pusht, 26 Aug 2016No body is telling coral blue looks, is it dull or perfect. IPhone has also crawled to blue c... moreIn some angles and certain lighting, the Blue Choral can looks super gorgeous
 
 But I think it's more safe to grab the Black Onyx; In some angles and certain lighting, the Blue Choral can looks super gorgeous; But I think it's more safe to grab the Black Onyx
Does anyone know when will it be sold offline in Indonesia (not the 5-21 August pre orders) ?
 
 I'm so deseperate to have it; Does anyone know when will it be sold offline in Indonesia (not the 5-21 August pre orders) ?; I'm so deseperate to have it
Samsung Galaxy S8 > samsung Note 7; Samsung Galaxy S8 > samsung Note 7
Guys just i have to know why note 6 it doesnt made is somebody noticed that ?!!&#128551;; Guys just i have to know why note 6 it doesnt made is somebody noticed that ?!!&#128551;
in serbia 1200$ mlogo bre; in serbia 1200$ mlogo bre
Bunyip22, 21 Aug 2016I would have preferred the flat screen but the edge display is fine. It looks better but costs... moreMy problem with the dual-edge curved display is I keep activating items on the sides of the screen. The phone might fall off my hand if I try not to grip the phone to avoid activating the sides of the screen.; My problem with the dual-edge curved display is I keep activating items on the sides of the screen. The phone might fall off my hand if I try not to grip the phone to avoid activating the sides of the screen.
Went into Carphone warehouse today to have a look at the Note 7,but someone had come into the store and stolen the display model,so the assistants went into the back and got me the Note 7 out so i could look at the real phone in Coral Blue,as this phone looks superb and a lot better shape than the S7 Edge,its Squarer phone and is a lot slimmer,its not out while 2nd September in the UK,but its the pricing of this phone that puts me off from buying it straight away,so will wait to see if someone sells it on ebay at a reasonable price,with the Galaxy S8 Edge not to far away; Went into Carphone warehouse today to have a look at the Note 7,but someone had come into the store and stolen the display model,so the assistants went into the back and got me the Note 7 out so i could look at the real phone in Coral Blue,as this phone looks superb and a lot better shape than the S7 Edge,its Squarer phone and is a lot slimmer,its not out while 2nd September in the UK,but its the pricing of this phone that puts me off from buying it straight away,so will wait to see if someone sells it on ebay at a reasonable price,with the Galaxy S8 Edge not to far away
I am planning to buy this , should I go for it ?
 Real users of the phone, please share your experience.; I am planning to buy this , should I go for it ?; Real users of the phone, please share your experience.
absolut-allen, 25 Aug 2016I'd have to partly agree with that. Why are people driving quarter million dollar sports cars,... moreAtleast somebody understand what I mean.
 Thanks dude...; Atleast somebody understand what I mean.; Thanks dude...
Pusht, 26 Aug 2016No body is telling coral blue looks, is it dull or perfect. IPhone has also crawled to blue c... moreMy region didn't get the coral blue, but i saw two Koreans tourists with each - I like it now. I guess it's just different and sets it apart from the rest.
 
 The black onyx in my opinion looks the most absolute gorgeous. Even the metal sides are black.; My region didn't get the coral blue, but i saw two Koreans tourists with each - I like it now. I guess it's just different and sets it apart from the rest.; The black onyx in my opinion looks the most absolute gorgeous. Even the metal sides are black.
CNet's drop test:
 http://youtu.be/3iz_K7qV2ms 
 
 It may be that Gorilla Glass 5 is the strongest Corning has produced, however, forming it with curves and the ground impacting on those curves can't withstand the drop height they are claiming.
 
 The Note7 can't be dropping perfectly flat on either front or the back 100%. There's likely a bit of a spin. Just look what happens when it hits those rounded/curved GLASS corners - no way it's going to survive 1.5 meters without a protective case!
 
 Ghostek Atomic case with aluminum frame, with sealed front clear plastic, and back with plastic frame and frosted plastic cover, with sealed ports is the ultimate way to deal with this. I saw a reviewer throwing a S7 with one 20m away and hitting stone surfaces, yet survived.
 
 Can't wait to get one, for release in late September.; CNet's drop test:; It may be that Gorilla Glass 5 is the strongest Corning has produced, however, forming it with curves and the ground impacting on those curves can't withstand the drop height they are claiming.; The Note7 can't be dropping perfectly flat on either front or the back 100%. There's likely a bit of a spin. Just look what happens when it hits those rounded/curved GLASS corners - no way it's going to survive 1.5 meters without a protective case!; Ghostek Atomic case with aluminum frame, with sealed front clear plastic, and back with plastic frame and frosted plastic cover, with sealed ports is the ultimate way to deal with this. I saw a reviewer throwing a S7 with one 20m away and hitting stone surfaces, yet survived.; Can't wait to get one, for release in late September.
can anyone say samsung note 7's samsung keyboard is duel tone like samsung c5.; can anyone say samsung note 7's samsung keyboard is duel tone like samsung c5.
V20 > Note 7; V20 > Note 7
this phone does NOT come with an 8 core chip only a quadcore. 2.15GHz, 1.6GHz, Quad-Core. that information is taken DIRECTLY from Samsung themselves; this phone does NOT come with an 8 core chip only a quadcore. 2.15GHz, 1.6GHz, Quad-Core. that information is taken DIRECTLY from Samsung themselves
No body is telling coral blue looks, is it dull or perfect. IPhone has also crawled to blue color. What without warranty price, me getting 800 $ wth 256 gb mc.; No body is telling coral blue looks, is it dull or perfect. IPhone has also crawled to blue color. What without warranty price, me getting 800 $ wth 256 gb mc.
Bunyip22, 26 Aug 2016There are so many variables. Many people run their phone on max power, max res and max brightn... moreYes, different users have different results. I do not go full brightness, I don't play games.
 
 And the Note7 Exynos seems to be INITIALLY going great wifi, can go over 8 hours SOT on browsing and watching a few YouTube videos.
 
 I'm glad we got the more efficient Exynos version.; Yes, different users have different results. I do not go full brightness, I don't play games.; And the Note7 Exynos seems to be INITIALLY going great wifi, can go over 8 hours SOT on browsing and watching a few YouTube videos.; I'm glad we got the more efficient Exynos version.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 26 Aug 2016I was perplexed as to why pro reviewers are reporting some 4 to 5 hours of Screen On Time usag... moreThere are so many variables. Many people run their phone on max power, max res and max brightness and use lots of 4G. Also some games (i.e. clash) will chew 10x the battery of an e-book.
 
 I was generally getting about 5-6 hours on exynos with everything on max. I had the media server draining the battery but that has stopped since i deleted the videos and music i copied over... a file may have been corrupt.
 
 I haven't had a real chance to test the battery but am sure i would get a lot more than 6 hours SOT if i really tried.; There are so many variables. Many people run their phone on max power, max res and max brightness and use lots of 4G. Also some games (i.e. clash) will chew 10x the battery of an e-book.; I was generally getting about 5-6 hours on exynos with everything on max. I had the media server draining the battery but that has stopped since i deleted the videos and music i copied over... a file may have been corrupt.; I haven't had a real chance to test the battery but am sure i would get a lot more than 6 hours SOT if i really tried.
Is camera same with galaxy s7 edge?; Is camera same with galaxy s7 edge?
yash , 25 Aug 2016No it's wrong battery is smaller than the s7 edge 100 mh. Not a deal breaker.
 But it has more than 20 plus points in compare with S7E.
 And you asked difference in these two.
 20-25 are too much(i think) to make one phone(note 7) a better choice than others(S7E and all other phones in market right now including iphone 7 which is going to release).; Not a deal breaker.; But it has more than 20 plus points in compare with S7E.; And you asked difference in these two.; 20-25 are too much(i think) to make one phone(note 7) a better choice than others(S7E and all other phones in market right now including iphone 7 which is going to release).
I was perplexed as to why pro reviewers are reporting some 4 to 5 hours of Screen On Time usage. Then I realized they are with a SnapDragon processor as most of them are in the US. While I have the Exynos.
 
 I mean, I'm getting 4.5 hours SOT at 50% battery mark (not at 100%). Exynos has an Octave process - two sets of processors composed of a low-frequency set, and higher-frequency set. If you're just browsing with no intensive work, the low set is in play; and the higher would kick in when more demanding stuff in being done. This is why I can get 6 to 8 hours SOT when just browsing.
 
 And the Note7 has a slightly better processor than my wife's S7 Edge because I've never been able to achieve over 8 hours SOT with that.
 
 So folks, looks like the Note7 Exynos is well worth getting.
 
 Am I wrong about my assumptions? Hit me up with a comment.; I was perplexed as to why pro reviewers are reporting some 4 to 5 hours of Screen On Time usage. Then I realized they are with a SnapDragon processor as most of them are in the US. While I have the Exynos.; I mean, I'm getting 4.5 hours SOT at 50% battery mark (not at 100%). Exynos has an Octave process - two sets of processors composed of a low-frequency set, and higher-frequency set. If you're just browsing with no intensive work, the low set is in play; and the higher would kick in when more demanding stuff in being done. This is why I can get 6 to 8 hours SOT when just browsing.; And the Note7 has a slightly better processor than my wife's S7 Edge because I've never been able to achieve over 8 hours SOT with that.; So folks, looks like the Note7 Exynos is well worth getting.; Am I wrong about my assumptions? Hit me up with a comment.
yash , 25 Aug 2016No it's wrong battery is smaller than the s7 edge 100 mh. no, it's correct..Edge is 3600mAh; no, it's correct..Edge is 3600mAh
yash , 25 Aug 2016No it's wrong battery is smaller than the s7 edge 100 mh. actually 150mah but s7 edge use Li-lon battery but note 7 use Li-Po; actually 150mah but s7 edge use Li-lon battery but note 7 use Li-Po
JAQ, 25 Aug 2016I am having problems with Note 7 freezing the moment i start downloading more than three apps ... moreI faced the same problem, and I got the replace with the new one; I faced the same problem, and I got the replace with the new one
yash , 25 Aug 2016No it's wrong battery is smaller than the s7 edge 100 mh. That 100 mAh difference does NOT even make it to 3% from the overall battery. It's negligible.; That 100 mAh difference does NOT even make it to 3% from the overall battery. It's negligible.
Mobacon, 26 Aug 2016Your are incorrect the S7 Edge battery is the best it can go a full day. My note 7 can't is at... moreThe Note 7 is consistently getting 6 hours plus of screen on time (substantially more if you customize performance, brightness and screen resolution).
 Do you spend most your day at work/school on your phone?
 
 If not you should go into the battery settings to see what is chewing the battery life.; The Note 7 is consistently getting 6 hours plus of screen on time (substantially more if you customize performance, brightness and screen resolution).; Do you spend most your day at work/school on your phone?; If not you should go into the battery settings to see what is chewing the battery life.
Well folks, I've gone through 6 battery charges for the Note7, here are some of my initial conclusion:
 
 1. Reducing the screen resolution from 1440p to 720p does not seem to change the battery longevity.
 
 2. Without a SIM card (during first two days) the battery on just wifi is excellent, giving me about 14 hours, with 7 hours SOT, consuming about 800mb of content, and still having some 20% battery left.
 
 3. Pop in a SIM card, the battery usage time is reduced, even if I was using wifi for my data. This is expected.
 
 4. The battery can drain as fast as 6.5 hours if you continuously download some 4-5 GB of YouTube content (wifi), while using the some 4 hours SOT.
 
 5. The battery performance is that of what I'm used to the stock battery of the Note 3, and expect a maximum use of 12 hours, with some 5 hours SOT, and consuming over 1 GB of data. It can go longer if you conserve by reducing actual SOT or data consumed, of course. 
 
 You can see my battery tally here: http://flic.kr/p/L6GpMY 
 
 I haven't even started using it via LTE. I expect some 20% more power consumption to power LTE connection.
 
 The Note7 has excellent battery conservation WHEN YOU ARE NOT using and is on standby. But who wants to do that? - might as well get a dumb phone for calls. Smartphones are meant to be used as mini computers connected to the internet. We use these more often than our PCs to connect. We are still reduced to charging during our waking hours, and that 3500 mAh battery is barely enough.
 
 Excuse me, but I have to charge my powerbank for a few hours so I can use it to power my gorgeous Note7 every 6 hours...; Well folks, I've gone through 6 battery charges for the Note7, here are some of my initial conclusion:; 1. Reducing the screen resolution from 1440p to 720p does not seem to change the battery longevity.; 2. Without a SIM card (during first two days) the battery on just wifi is excellent, giving me about 14 hours, with 7 hours SOT, consuming about 800mb of content, and still having some 20% battery left.; 3. Pop in a SIM card, the battery usage time is reduced, even if I was using wifi for my data. This is expected.; 4. The battery can drain as fast as 6.5 hours if you continuously download some 4-5 GB of YouTube content (wifi), while using the some 4 hours SOT.; 5. The battery performance is that of what I'm used to the stock battery of the Note 3, and expect a maximum use of 12 hours, with some 5 hours SOT, and consuming over 1 GB of data. It can go longer if you conserve by reducing actual SOT or data consumed, of course.; You can see my battery tally here:; I haven't even started using it via LTE. I expect some 20% more power consumption to power LTE connection.; The Note7 has excellent battery conservation WHEN YOU ARE NOT using and is on standby. But who wants to do that? - might as well get a dumb phone for calls. Smartphones are meant to be used as mini computers connected to the internet. We use these more often than our PCs to connect. We are still reduced to charging during our waking hours, and that 3500 mAh battery is barely enough.; Excuse me, but I have to charge my powerbank for a few hours so I can use it to power my gorgeous Note7 every 6 hours...
Your are incorrect the S7 Edge battery is the best it can go a full day. My note 7 can't is at 2% percent when i get home; Your are incorrect the S7 Edge battery is the best it can go a full day. My note 7 can't is at 2% percent when i get home
ahmed tanveer, 25 Aug 2016It has (first ever phone having)cgg5 on both sides,brighest phone,(first ever phone with)dual ... moreNo it's wrong battery is smaller than the s7 edge 100 mh.; No it's wrong battery is smaller than the s7 edge 100 mh.
The Samsung Note series are and have always been topdollar compared to all other smartphones, the Note 7 even kicks S 7 edge's ass.; The Samsung Note series are and have always been topdollar compared to all other smartphones, the Note 7 even kicks S 7 edge's ass.
[deleted post]First let me say I'm not defending the Note 7 or any other phone for that matter.
 
 But, the so-called "tests" shown in the YouTube video are not done in a controlled manner. The device drops are random because they are dropped at different angles depending on the release from the person's individual fingers. A more controlled test would be to utilize an armature that would release each device, without bias to angle or height, on the same surface at approximately the same point on that surface.; First let me say I'm not defending the Note 7 or any other phone for that matter.; But, the so-called "tests" shown in the YouTube video are not done in a controlled manner. The device drops are random because they are dropped at different angles depending on the release from the person's individual fingers. A more controlled test would be to utilize an armature that would release each device, without bias to angle or height, on the same surface at approximately the same point on that surface.
RAZ , 25 Aug 2016The Galaxy 7 edge is 5.5 inches. The Note is 5.7 inches, a mere 0.2 inch difference which is n... moreIt has (first ever phone having)cgg5 on both sides,brighest phone,(first ever phone with)dual edge screen,(too much)improved s pen,IP68 certified(dust and water proof),sAMOLED 5.7 inches(big) screen,1440×2560 pixels(518 ppi pixel density),(first ever and improved)grace ui,always on display,exynos 8890 chipset(octa core with great benchmark),mali-T880m12(great gpu),4 gb ram with 64 gb rom,expandable storage,same cameras of S7E(which won a lot of awards for camera),(first ever samsung phone with)type c connector,(first ever phone with)iris scanner which is great,SpO2,fast charging,wireless charging,3500mAh(large battery),HDR display.
 Note 7 and S7 edge have too much differences if you see with open eyes.; It has (first ever phone having)cgg5 on both sides,brighest phone,(first ever phone with)dual edge screen,(too much)improved s pen,IP68 certified(dust and water proof),sAMOLED 5.7 inches(big) screen,1440×2560 pixels(518 ppi pixel density),(first ever and improved)grace ui,always on display,exynos 8890 chipset(octa core with great benchmark),mali-T880m12(great gpu),4 gb ram with 64 gb rom,expandable storage,same cameras of S7E(which won a lot of awards for camera),(first ever samsung phone with)type c connector,(first ever phone with)iris scanner which is great,SpO2,fast charging,wireless charging,3500mAh(large battery),HDR display.; Note 7 and S7 edge have too much differences if you see with open eyes.
absolut-allen, 25 Aug 2016I've heard pretty much the same from iPhone users. Most that I've talked to don't even care ab... moreiPhone with an active digitizer pen with tilt inputting would up the ante with all manufacturers!
 
 Then Apple has the iPhone sealed for dust and water resistance, put more useful features - we have a win!
 
 Most Apple users would not they have a safe limited gated ecosystem, and Apple users are still surprised I could control appliances with my Note 3, or how much transferring media without iTunes. I don't have to spend $150 for a 64 GB lightning connected dongle for memory expansion.
 
 I bet when Apple finally provide a pen-enabled, water-resistant, memory expanded iPhone, invited guests will cheer so loudly just like always, and think Tim and Johnny as geniuses. Well, competition does bring better products.
 
 I know how you feel - I stopped myself from getting the Note 4, and told myself the 5 is going to be better... I was wrong.
 
 Haha, seriously, do you need more storage? I know I do.
 
 64 GB of main memory has me just using 23% of the remaining 52 GB for users - I've placed all necessary apps I need, including some games.
 
 My old 128 GB microSD card is still on action and has no lag problems.
 
 Iris scanner has worn out its magic after the first day.
 
 The secret folder is useful if you want to hide stuff.
 
 The S Pen is so much better because I skipped two generations and I'm used to 1024 levels of pressure with the Note 3's.
 
 Water-resistance is something I need as it rains a lot where I'm from.
 
 After watching so many video reviews with coal blue Note7s, I like it now. This and silver aren't offered where I'm from. We get either black onyx or gold platinum.
 
 And the camera is just something superb.; iPhone with an active digitizer pen with tilt inputting would up the ante with all manufacturers!; Then Apple has the iPhone sealed for dust and water resistance, put more useful features - we have a win!; Most Apple users would not they have a safe limited gated ecosystem, and Apple users are still surprised I could control appliances with my Note 3, or how much transferring media without iTunes. I don't have to spend $150 for a 64 GB lightning connected dongle for memory expansion.; I bet when Apple finally provide a pen-enabled, water-resistant, memory expanded iPhone, invited guests will cheer so loudly just like always, and think Tim and Johnny as geniuses. Well, competition does bring better products.; I know how you feel - I stopped myself from getting the Note 4, and told myself the 5 is going to be better... I was wrong.; Haha, seriously, do you need more storage? I know I do.; 64 GB of main memory has me just using 23% of the remaining 52 GB for users - I've placed all necessary apps I need, including some games.; My old 128 GB microSD card is still on action and has no lag problems.; Iris scanner has worn out its magic after the first day.; The secret folder is useful if you want to hide stuff.; The S Pen is so much better because I skipped two generations and I'm used to 1024 levels of pressure with the Note 3's.; Water-resistance is something I need as it rains a lot where I'm from.; After watching so many video reviews with coal blue Note7s, I like it now. This and silver aren't offered where I'm from. We get either black onyx or gold platinum.; And the camera is just something superb.
absolut-allen, 25 Aug 2016I've heard pretty much the same from iPhone users. Most that I've talked to don't even care ab... moreThe Galaxy 7 edge is 5.5 inches. The Note is 5.7 inches, a mere 0.2 inch difference which is nothing really, considering the sizes of these phablets. I think with the edge around it no longer makes sense to still have the Note series. Something has got to give between the two.; The Galaxy 7 edge is 5.5 inches. The Note is 5.7 inches, a mere 0.2 inch difference which is nothing really, considering the sizes of these phablets. I think with the edge around it no longer makes sense to still have the Note series. Something has got to give between the two.
Hello
 
 Samsung Galaxy Note 7 phone is very good, excellent facilities are there, but the price a little high.
 
 Majid Hashemi Chaleshtori
 1395/06/04
 
 Thanks to GSM Arena; Hello; Samsung Galaxy Note 7 phone is very good, excellent facilities are there, but the price a little high.; Majid Hashemi Chaleshtori; 1395/06/04; Thanks to GSM Arena
siddhss, 25 Aug 2016What the hell is this....I am in India I tried on first day of booking I went through 7 samsu... moreYou think your country the only one waiting in line. Go to the back of the queue buddy. India and dozens other countries also waiting with no fuss like you. So, shut up.; You think your country the only one waiting in line. Go to the back of the queue buddy. India and dozens other countries also waiting with no fuss like you. So, shut up.
What the hell is this....I am in India I tried on first day of booking I went through 7 samsung outlet stores ..and every where I didn't get booking to Black Onyx color note 7.. due to shortage and high demend of this color..and this color will get from 12 sep .. after 20 days... Samsung u r always underestimate Indians....please work it up on this problem...and make it available for us.; What the hell is this....I am in India I tried on first day of booking I went through 7 samsung outlet stores ..and every where I didn't get booking to Black Onyx color note 7.. due to shortage and high demend of this color..and this color will get from 12 sep .. after 20 days... Samsung u r always underestimate Indians....please work it up on this problem...and make it available for us.
DevRana, 24 Aug 2016good job paul......now this will be definitely a deal breaker :)Haha - yea, I think I know what you mean. :)
 
 In any case, there are so many stats thrown around about devices. The key is that certain criteria have a higher precedence than others for any one individual. Therefore it seems an individual selects a device based on a prioritized set of their needs - and typically not some stat like "look, the HTC 10 or iPhone can open application X 0.2 seconds faster than a Note 7!" Well, that's nice but for me it isn't a useful stat. I don't care that it does open app X 0.2 seconds faster. I'm not going to care to miss the 0.2 seconds. Hence, to continue my example, I would miss S-Pen capability on an HTC 10 because the S-Pen functionality has an extremely high priority for me - so much so I doubt I would ever buy another phone without that functionality.
 
 My post to which you responded was a perhaps cheap jab at Apple. And yes, I've had iPhones. They're nice phones for individuals that require the featureset they offer. They just don't have the featureset that I like and/or need.; Haha - yea, I think I know what you mean. :); In any case, there are so many stats thrown around about devices. The key is that certain criteria have a higher precedence than others for any one individual. Therefore it seems an individual selects a device based on a prioritized set of their needs - and typically not some stat like "look, the HTC 10 or iPhone can open application X 0.2 seconds faster than a Note 7!" Well, that's nice but for me it isn't a useful stat. I don't care that it does open app X 0.2 seconds faster. I'm not going to care to miss the 0.2 seconds. Hence, to continue my example, I would miss S-Pen capability on an HTC 10 because the S-Pen functionality has an extremely high priority for me - so much so I doubt I would ever buy another phone without that functionality.; My post to which you responded was a perhaps cheap jab at Apple. And yes, I've had iPhones. They're nice phones for individuals that require the featureset they offer. They just don't have the featureset that I like and/or need.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 25 Aug 2016Unfortunately, I have to agree. At least the Note7 is way ahead in terms of features. While... moreI've heard pretty much the same from iPhone users. Most that I've talked to don't even care about upcoming release of iPhone 7. 
 
 I've noticed in commercials and in reality shows that more and more people are using Galaxy phones. That wasn't the case last year, all the stars on TV had iPhones. 
 
 Now I've been reading that there's a possibility the iPhone 7 or 7s is going to have an edge screen. How long before they add a pen? 
 
 I wouldn't be shocked if there's a corporation handshake between Apple and Samsung behind closed doors. If you look at how Intel and AMD work, they compete with each other but also work together like a merger to shut everyone else out of the market. Intel has even went to lengths of handing money to AMD in the past to keep them in business so they had competition in the market and weren't seen as a monopoly. Samsung and Apple have been using each other's ideas for quite some time now.
 
 I'm going to wait for more user reviews before considering the Note 7 however. It's seems like a minimal upgrade to 5 with a slightly faster processor, slightly better camera and slightly better screen resolution.; I've heard pretty much the same from iPhone users. Most that I've talked to don't even care about upcoming release of iPhone 7.; I've noticed in commercials and in reality shows that more and more people are using Galaxy phones. That wasn't the case last year, all the stars on TV had iPhones.; Now I've been reading that there's a possibility the iPhone 7 or 7s is going to have an edge screen. How long before they add a pen?; I wouldn't be shocked if there's a corporation handshake between Apple and Samsung behind closed doors. If you look at how Intel and AMD work, they compete with each other but also work together like a merger to shut everyone else out of the market. Intel has even went to lengths of handing money to AMD in the past to keep them in business so they had competition in the market and weren't seen as a monopoly. Samsung and Apple have been using each other's ideas for quite some time now.; I'm going to wait for more user reviews before considering the Note 7 however. It's seems like a minimal upgrade to 5 with a slightly faster processor, slightly better camera and slightly better screen resolution.
Record sales fairy. Phone the touches of creativity is not found in any phone every piece of it is a jewel other companies 4 or 5 years of post-out phone like note7 .note 7 his age and previous generation of smart phones; Record sales fairy. Phone the touches of creativity is not found in any phone every piece of it is a jewel other companies 4 or 5 years of post-out phone like note7 .note 7 his age and previous generation of smart phones
I am having problems with Note 7 freezing the moment i start downloading more than three apps at the same time. It requires manual force restart (pressing power and volume down button together for 7 - 10 seconds). Is this with everybody or just my device?; I am having problems with Note 7 freezing the moment i start downloading more than three apps at the same time. It requires manual force restart (pressing power and volume down button together for 7 - 10 seconds). Is this with everybody or just my device?
All guys, what color option r u getting, coral Blue no where k MRS region. App start test its doomed with iPhone 6s. Let it pass till they stop playing games of availability k colors, by next year every color and 500$ a piece plus Nougart on.; All guys, what color option r u getting, coral Blue no where k MRS region. App start test its doomed with iPhone 6s. Let it pass till they stop playing games of availability k colors, by next year every color and 500$ a piece plus Nougart on.
can anyone say about the battery life of this phone; can anyone say about the battery life of this phone
I have looked at the GN7 photo quality (which is great) but haven't checked out the rest of the GN7 camera features until today. The swipe up down to go in and out of selfie mode, swipe right for modes and swipe left for effects is really easy to use.
 
 Swiping right gives quick access to different a lot of modes including pro, panorama, slow motion (720p 240 fps), time lapse, virtual etc. Plus you can download other modes. The pro mode gives total control over iso, aperture, white balance, AF etc.
 
 All in all Samsung has done a great job with the camera image quality and software.; I have looked at the GN7 photo quality (which is great) but haven't checked out the rest of the GN7 camera features until today. The swipe up down to go in and out of selfie mode, swipe right for modes and swipe left for effects is really easy to use.; Swiping right gives quick access to different a lot of modes including pro, panorama, slow motion (720p 240 fps), time lapse, virtual etc. Plus you can download other modes. The pro mode gives total control over iso, aperture, white balance, AF etc.; All in all Samsung has done a great job with the camera image quality and software.
I don't know if this is something in the S6 or Note.5, or even on the S7 - the magnifier widget function. It is extremely useful for magnification of tiny anything. The widget gives you a shortcut to use the camera for viewing, and even has a light function if you need it.
 
 Great in using for reading extremely tiny text, like the text in the charger brick, or even smaller! Good for checking for dust on the screen prior to putting on a screen protector.
 
 You can still use the regular camera function for viewing magnification.; I don't know if this is something in the S6 or Note.5, or even on the S7 - the magnifier widget function. It is extremely useful for magnification of tiny anything. The widget gives you a shortcut to use the camera for viewing, and even has a light function if you need it.; Great in using for reading extremely tiny text, like the text in the charger brick, or even smaller! Good for checking for dust on the screen prior to putting on a screen protector.; You can still use the regular camera function for viewing magnification.
absolut-allen, 25 Aug 2016It's about price, luxury, style and performance. Doesn't that tell you something, that people ... moreUnfortunately, I have to agree. At least the Note7 is way ahead in terms of features.
 
 While getting mine, I ran into a long-time iPhone user, and told me his iPhone 6s Plus doesn't do much of anything more.
 
 Once I heard about a Wacom digitizer own was on the first Galaxy Note, I was the first in line to get it at launch. Note7 feels the same way, after seeing how good the S Pen was, and how excellent the camera really is.; Unfortunately, I have to agree. At least the Note7 is way ahead in terms of features.; While getting mine, I ran into a long-time iPhone user, and told me his iPhone 6s Plus doesn't do much of anything more.; Once I heard about a Wacom digitizer own was on the first Galaxy Note, I was the first in line to get it at launch. Note7 feels the same way, after seeing how good the S Pen was, and how excellent the camera really is.
I tested the battery (wireless) backpack that came free with my pre-order of the Note7. It states 3100 mAh, however it only indicates that you can only transfer some 1700 mAh of power back to the Note7 - that's only slightly lower than half of the 3500 mAh battery. http://flic.kr/p/LsMdZA 
 
 So, starting at the 51% battery mark of the Note7, I turned it off and charged with a fully charged backpack charger. It took 2:20 hours to reach 100%, meaning it charged at a rate of 2:53 minutes per 1%. That's so slow, and also the fact that it will take even longer while the Note7 is in use! http://flic.kr/p/KyXT5H 
 
 Heat was at 37°C - checking after fully charging it. That felt warm. The charge session totally drained the backpack charger. Charging the backpack right now, and for 30 minutes, it has not surpass the first of four LED indicators. It will likely need to charge some two hours!
 
 This cost some $85, puts on weight doubles the thickness. It is water and dust resistant, however it seems a bit pointless when it can just give barely half the charge for the Note7.
 
 It becomes an extra weight onto the Note7 once you've discharged the stored juice, does NOT protect the entire front of the Note7 - I mean Samsung had all the opportunity to design it with a front bumper protector! The back is well protected from an accidental drop, but once it flips to the front of the Note7, and with the added weight, say goodbye to the smooth front glass!
 
 My conclusion is - this battery backpack (although cool to think it gives power wirelessly) is not a suitable accessory for DAILY on-the-go topping up your power needs. You're better off powering your device with a powerbank while you have your device protected with a better case. Maybe it's a great emergency accessory to have, as a last resort thing for catastrophic scenarios (it is water-resistant).
 
 I definitely can't wait for Zerolemon to start selling some 8500 external battery with integrated cases - something they've been since last year. I just wish they can bring back the front protection against heavy drops.
 
 Samsung should seriously design something more robust, with more battery so it becomes more useful for DAILY use.; I tested the battery (wireless) backpack that came free with my pre-order of the Note7. It states 3100 mAh, however it only indicates that you can only transfer some 1700 mAh of power back to the Note7 - that's only slightly lower than half of the 3500 mAh battery.; So, starting at the 51% battery mark of the Note7, I turned it off and charged with a fully charged backpack charger. It took 2:20 hours to reach 100%, meaning it charged at a rate of 2:53 minutes per 1%. That's so slow, and also the fact that it will take even longer while the Note7 is in use!; Heat was at 37°C - checking after fully charging it. That felt warm. The charge session totally drained the backpack charger. Charging the backpack right now, and for 30 minutes, it has not surpass the first of four LED indicators. It will likely need to charge some two hours!; This cost some $85, puts on weight doubles the thickness. It is water and dust resistant, however it seems a bit pointless when it can just give barely half the charge for the Note7.; It becomes an extra weight onto the Note7 once you've discharged the stored juice, does NOT protect the entire front of the Note7 - I mean Samsung had all the opportunity to design it with a front bumper protector! The back is well protected from an accidental drop, but once it flips to the front of the Note7, and with the added weight, say goodbye to the smooth front glass!; My conclusion is - this battery backpack (although cool to think it gives power wirelessly) is not a suitable accessory for DAILY on-the-go topping up your power needs. You're better off powering your device with a powerbank while you have your device protected with a better case. Maybe it's a great emergency accessory to have, as a last resort thing for catastrophic scenarios (it is water-resistant).; I definitely can't wait for Zerolemon to start selling some 8500 external battery with integrated cases - something they've been since last year. I just wish they can bring back the front protection against heavy drops.; Samsung should seriously design something more robust, with more battery so it becomes more useful for DAILY use.
well, it is a simply matter of taste, if you like de note 7, get it, if not, go for something else, period, thats what these forums are for, so you can gather the pertinent info before buying any device; well, it is a simply matter of taste, if you like de note 7, get it, if not, go for something else, period, thats what these forums are for, so you can gather the pertinent info before buying any device
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 25 Aug 2016Yes, but snartphone "flagships" sell in the millions. I'd rather be using an Asus Zenfone of 1... moreIt's about price, luxury, style and performance. Doesn't that tell you something, that people who get the Note don't use the pen - so why do they buy it over the Edge? Because Samsung has marketed the Note as their ultimate high-end phone. People want it just for that. 
 
 Although I feel as if Samsung is catering more towards their S line as of late.; It's about price, luxury, style and performance. Doesn't that tell you something, that people who get the Note don't use the pen - so why do they buy it over the Edge? Because Samsung has marketed the Note as their ultimate high-end phone. People want it just for that.; Although I feel as if Samsung is catering more towards their S line as of late.
absolut-allen, 25 Aug 2016I'd have to partly agree with that. Why are people driving quarter million dollar sports cars,... moreYes, but snartphone "flagships" sell in the millions. I'd rather be using an Asus Zenfone of 1/3 the price of flagship devices, if there is no active digitizer pen on a Galaxy Note.
 
 Half of the people getting a Note don't use the pen.; Yes, but snartphone "flagships" sell in the millions. I'd rather be using an Asus Zenfone of 1/3 the price of flagship devices, if there is no active digitizer pen on a Galaxy Note.; Half of the people getting a Note don't use the pen.
Anonymous, 25 Aug 2016But not up to the fourth drop where Note 7 is already suffering lots of cracks and scratches e... moreYou clearly need to watch both videos.
 The first drop was on the back. The GN5 had a spiderweb of cracks right across the back, the GN7 fewer cracks which were on the corners and up the edge.
 
 Either way you put it to survive 50 face down drops is awesome.
 The other video showed the GN7 surviving a 3m+ drop and remaining functional.
 
 This testing shows the GN7 to survive drop tests a lot better than your GN5. 
 
 ps t cool, why do you post as anonymous?; You clearly need to watch both videos.; The first drop was on the back. The GN5 had a spiderweb of cracks right across the back, the GN7 fewer cracks which were on the corners and up the edge.; Either way you put it to survive 50 face down drops is awesome.; The other video showed the GN7 surviving a 3m+ drop and remaining functional.; This testing shows the GN7 to survive drop tests a lot better than your GN5.; ps t cool, why do you post as anonymous?
Bunyip22, 24 Aug 2016Depending on weather you drop on an edge, corner back, side etc you will always get different ... moreBut not up to the fourth drop where Note 7 is already suffering lots of cracks and scratches even in just second drop at normal calling height. While Note 5 remains intact with no scratch. Only up to the fourth drop are likely to happen with NORMAL use, fifth drop is close to impossible with normal user.
 Nobody will drop his phone for FIVE times at that height as in the video.; But not up to the fourth drop where Note 7 is already suffering lots of cracks and scratches even in just second drop at normal calling height. While Note 5 remains intact with no scratch. Only up to the fourth drop are likely to happen with NORMAL use, fifth drop is close to impossible with normal user.; Nobody will drop his phone for FIVE times at that height as in the video.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 24 Aug 2016Purchasing tech for prestige is silly. It's a tool, not jewelry. We tend to forget it's ultima... moreI'd have to partly agree with that. Why are people driving quarter million dollar sports cars, why buy a Rolex when all it does is show the time, why wear brand name clothes when you can buy clothes at a thrift store, why build a custom computer with a high-end flashy case (LED fans and lights), why buy a brushed aluminum stove when it does the same thing as a regular white stove?
 
 I can go on and on. The point is; when you offer a flagship phone, it not only needs to look the part but also act the part. The Note is the Ferrari of the Samsung phones and it needs to play that role in technology and looks.; I'd have to partly agree with that. Why are people driving quarter million dollar sports cars, why buy a Rolex when all it does is show the time, why wear brand name clothes when you can buy clothes at a thrift store, why build a custom computer with a high-end flashy case (LED fans and lights), why buy a brushed aluminum stove when it does the same thing as a regular white stove?; I can go on and on. The point is; when you offer a flagship phone, it not only needs to look the part but also act the part. The Note is the Ferrari of the Samsung phones and it needs to play that role in technology and looks.
Bunyip22, 25 Aug 2016PhoneBuff on youtube does the best drop tests. They are totally mechanical so the drops are al... moreUgh! Putting another 100% of glass for the rear is making the case markers and Samsung to have some extra earnings from repairs, or the lack of repairing the phone (just buy another).
 
 Well, this is in part the people who don't like plastic... Now we're all putting plastic cases - the irony. 
 
 I wonder when this trend will end. News is that Apple is going back to glass sandwich design again. What a trend...; Ugh! Putting another 100% of glass for the rear is making the case markers and Samsung to have some extra earnings from repairs, or the lack of repairing the phone (just buy another).; Well, this is in part the people who don't like plastic... Now we're all putting plastic cases - the irony.; I wonder when this trend will end. News is that Apple is going back to glass sandwich design again. What a trend...
PhoneBuff on youtube does the best drop tests. They are totally mechanical so the drops are always identical. The link below compares the iPhone 6s to the GN7. The iphone died after 5 face drops... the GN7 was still going after 50 face drops. The S7 died after 1 face drop.
 
 As far as drop test durability goes, the GN7 ranked 3rd of all the phones they have tested... iPhone 6S was 5th..... the GN5 was a distant 8th..... WELL DONE SAMSUNG :-)
 
 Note 7 drop test is below.
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DKGfuct01M4 
 
 Note 5 drop test is below.
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Od3UWz9gdk8; PhoneBuff on youtube does the best drop tests. They are totally mechanical so the drops are always identical. The link below compares the iPhone 6s to the GN7. The iphone died after 5 face drops... the GN7 was still going after 50 face drops. The S7 died after 1 face drop.; As far as drop test durability goes, the GN7 ranked 3rd of all the phones they have tested... iPhone 6S was 5th..... the GN5 was a distant 8th..... WELL DONE SAMSUNG :-); Note 7 drop test is below.; Note 5 drop test is below.
Anonymous, 24 Aug 2016Yeah as I said I accidentally dropped my 64GB premium Note 5 without any case and it didn't br... moreRight... No protective case like the clear case you posted in your Flickr account when you bought it?
 
 Take NOTE, the Note.5 in the video STOPPED working after the front face drop, while a Note7 still worked.; Right... No protective case like the clear case you posted in your Flickr account when you bought it?; Take NOTE, the Note.5 in the video STOPPED working after the front face drop, while a Note7 still worked.
Parbinder Singh, 24 Aug 2016Note 7 users, is there any lag in opening Gallery App from camera or not, as in Note 4 it is s... moreMy gn4 had the same problem. It's gone in the gn7... Takes about 0.5 seconds to open. Personally I prefer google photos.; My gn4 had the same problem. It's gone in the gn7... Takes about 0.5 seconds to open. Personally I prefer google photos.
Anonymous, 24 Aug 2016Yeah as I said I accidentally dropped my 64GB premium Note 5 without any case and it didn't br... moreDepending on weather you drop on an edge, corner back, side etc you will always get different results. 
 
 The fact is that this test dropping from around 3m showed the iPhone and GN5 died and the GN7 still functioned normally... +1 GN7 (thanks to tc for telling us about this test); Depending on weather you drop on an edge, corner back, side etc you will always get different results.; The fact is that this test dropping from around 3m showed the iPhone and GN5 died and the GN7 still functioned normally... +1 GN7 (thanks to tc for telling us about this test)
Anonymous, 24 Aug 2016Very long ago... There was a phone called Note... Using it was a kind of symbol of prestige.... morePurchasing tech for prestige is silly. It's a tool, not jewelry. We tend to forget it's ultimately a mini computer, a communication terminal, an entertainment source, a powerful recording tool, and in the case of the Galaxy Note - an electronic notebook/sketchbook for thoughts, ideas, creativity.
 
 I've demonstrated drawing processes, lectured how to use it for designing architecture, used it to earn for my projects.; Purchasing tech for prestige is silly. It's a tool, not jewelry. We tend to forget it's ultimately a mini computer, a communication terminal, an entertainment source, a powerful recording tool, and in the case of the Galaxy Note - an electronic notebook/sketchbook for thoughts, ideas, creativity.; I've demonstrated drawing processes, lectured how to use it for designing architecture, used it to earn for my projects.
Just demand coral blue n MEA region, no where, they will introbn last qtr, on premium. Just forget forgive sammy for hype,otherwise its nothing except luck on there side, anything will sell even fake, stagnacy has crept in.Wait just by nxt year get at 500$ definitely.; Just demand coral blue n MEA region, no where, they will introbn last qtr, on premium. Just forget forgive sammy for hype,otherwise its nothing except luck on there side, anything will sell even fake, stagnacy has crept in.Wait just by nxt year get at 500$ definitely.
ahmed tanveer, 24 Aug 2016I am not trying to insult any mobile or company. But a guy said that Samsung is fooling peopl... moreOf course. Apple designs their software and hardware to work together. Samsung has to overlay their TouchWiz over an open source Linux kernel that's available to all android phones made by Google. 
 
 But then again; You can't do the multitasking on iPhone like you can on the Note. And you also can't customize your phone like your computer desktop on an iPhone, like you can do on a Note. So, faster app opening or tons of customization and multitasking?; Of course. Apple designs their software and hardware to work together. Samsung has to overlay their TouchWiz over an open source Linux kernel that's available to all android phones made by Google.; But then again; You can't do the multitasking on iPhone like you can on the Note. And you also can't customize your phone like your computer desktop on an iPhone, like you can do on a Note. So, faster app opening or tons of customization and multitasking?
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 24 Aug 2016The video showed Note.5 went dead. What's your point?Yeah as I said I accidentally dropped my 64GB premium Note 5 without any case and it didn't breaks nor suffer any scratch. Just proven no lie.; Yeah as I said I accidentally dropped my 64GB premium Note 5 without any case and it didn't breaks nor suffer any scratch. Just proven no lie.
Paul60, 24 Aug 2016You nailed it! The Note 7 rocks!good job paul......now this will be definitely a deal breaker :); good job paul......now this will be definitely a deal breaker :)
Very long ago...
 There was a phone called Note...
 Using it was a kind of symbol of prestige...
 It was strongest and beutiest phone at the market.
 
 Falling of that miracle phone began with Note 4, then streched S6 called Note 5.
 And now...
 S7 Edge with pen....
 It is just another phone, nothing is special about it...; Very long ago...; There was a phone called Note...; Using it was a kind of symbol of prestige...; It was strongest and beutiest phone at the market.; Falling of that miracle phone began with Note 4, then streched S6 called Note 5.; And now...; S7 Edge with pen....; It is just another phone, nothing is special about it...
Iris scan so cool quick and easy to unlock the phone... normally I got bored after 2 days on every phone, I got note for 1 week still loving it.... 7 stars; Iris scan so cool quick and easy to unlock the phone... normally I got bored after 2 days on every phone, I got note for 1 week still loving it.... 7 stars
Note 7 users, is there any lag in opening Gallery App from camera or not, as in Note 4 it is still there.; Note 7 users, is there any lag in opening Gallery App from camera or not, as in Note 4 it is still there.
absolut-allen, 23 Aug 2016Don't understand why you are knocking the iPhone. They are both premium phones with the price ... moreI am not trying to insult any mobile or company.
 But a guy said that Samsung is fooling people and Iphones 6s can open apps faster than note 7.
 So,i was just telling that real company which is fooling people is not Samsung. Its apple.
 And i mentioned disadvantages of having a iphone(which are enough to break a deal).
 I was telling that Note 7 is the best in market now and will be the best in some next coming years but apple is no match to Samsung.; I am not trying to insult any mobile or company.; But a guy said that Samsung is fooling people and Iphones 6s can open apps faster than note 7.; So,i was just telling that real company which is fooling people is not Samsung. Its apple.; And i mentioned disadvantages of having a iphone(which are enough to break a deal).; I was telling that Note 7 is the best in market now and will be the best in some next coming years but apple is no match to Samsung.
Robin, 24 Aug 2016Wow! you had so much free time to write all that!!! neither apple or samsung are going to pay ... moreI think a apple fanboy got hurt as i mentioned some apple disadvantages.
 And i hope you will be paid like me for your comment and you surely have busy life.You cannot even talk shit in your busy life.; I think a apple fanboy got hurt as i mentioned some apple disadvantages.; And i hope you will be paid like me for your comment and you surely have busy life.You cannot even talk shit in your busy life.
a 800$ phone that can't shoot 60fps at 2k.; a 800$ phone that can't shoot 60fps at 2k.
What is the use of 2k display if it is on 30fps. Watching your video on a big screen at this fps is very painful in the eyes; What is the use of 2k display if it is on 30fps. Watching your video on a big screen at this fps is very painful in the eyes
No radio!!!, so many people use the FM radio for listening to the translations (in local events). Also quite handy to listen to important announcements on Radio (also important where no internet is available). Come-on Samsung get the radio back. Governments in many countries also recommend this as a standard.; No radio!!!, so many people use the FM radio for listening to the translations (in local events). Also quite handy to listen to important announcements on Radio (also important where no internet is available). Come-on Samsung get the radio back. Governments in many countries also recommend this as a standard.
Does it support USB Type-C MHL alt mode for TV/video out ?; Does it support USB Type-C MHL alt mode for TV/video out ?
Savor , 23 Aug 2016Regarding that iPhone 6s beating Note7 in opening apps... Don't care, don't care, don't car... moreYou nailed it! The Note 7 rocks!; You nailed it! The Note 7 rocks!
The iris scanner novelty wore off quickly for me. The fingerprint unlock is faster and more convenient whereby you don't have to position your phone properly. I know how the iris scanner would be useful if like when wearing gloves, or your fingers are dirty.
 
 Even accessing the Secret Folder is faster accessed with a fingerprint press - perhaps the iris scanner is more secure for the Secret Folder if you are sharing your device with your spouse. 
 
 My nephew was easily impressed when I was using it - "like Ironman".; The iris scanner novelty wore off quickly for me. The fingerprint unlock is faster and more convenient whereby you don't have to position your phone properly. I know how the iris scanner would be useful if like when wearing gloves, or your fingers are dirty.; Even accessing the Secret Folder is faster accessed with a fingerprint press - perhaps the iris scanner is more secure for the Secret Folder if you are sharing your device with your spouse.; My nephew was easily impressed when I was using it - "like Ironman".
This is to rightly say a lag n most apps start or close or multitasking restart! Actually did it 2hours iphone6s pink. Why at this height of popularity, Sammy you have to re write its software or Refund. If its hardware fault then non repairable, otherwise software update now dud do, until this becomes chronic. Over confidence is to blame too.; This is to rightly say a lag n most apps start or close or multitasking restart! Actually did it 2hours iphone6s pink. Why at this height of popularity, Sammy you have to re write its software or Refund. If its hardware fault then non repairable, otherwise software update now dud do, until this becomes chronic. Over confidence is to blame too.
absolut-allen, 24 Aug 2016I've been reading quite a lot of reviews (user and pro) that the phone still has a good amount... moreAs per my experience, there are no 1 or 2-second "lag" using the Note7. Not even a half-second "lag" switching in between apps. The going viewing of pictures stored on the microSD card is snappy.
 
 I didn't see how microSD was somehow "not compatible" with UFS 2.0. 
 
 So far, I'm getting greater milage on the battery than I thought.; As per my experience, there are no 1 or 2-second "lag" using the Note7. Not even a half-second "lag" switching in between apps. The going viewing of pictures stored on the microSD card is snappy.; I didn't see how microSD was somehow "not compatible" with UFS 2.0.; So far, I'm getting greater milage on the battery than I thought.
ooooo my God samsung just foool you people . i see the feature thst u can use 720p resolution !!! it is very funnny u can t see any difference i promise all of you maybe just 1pct or 2 pct. when u use 720p ,display part just work like 1440p and all of pixels work together but only part that work less than 1440p mode is cpu/gpu ui renderer that don' t make big difference on 3500 mah battery. it is just good for gaming i say just for gaming!; ooooo my God samsung just foool you people . i see the feature thst u can use 720p resolution !!! it is very funnny u can t see any difference i promise all of you maybe just 1pct or 2 pct. when u use 720p ,display part just work like 1440p and all of pixels work together but only part that work less than 1440p mode is cpu/gpu ui renderer that don' t make big difference on 3500 mah battery. it is just good for gaming i say just for gaming!
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 24 Aug 2016I guess he sees no point in spending extra on something that has memory expansion, and all oth... moreI've been reading quite a lot of reviews (user and pro) that the phone still has a good amount of lag. There's also videos with side by side use with the same apps, and Note 7 barely beat the Note 5 in tests - and no I'm not talking benchmarks which provide generic results. 
 
 What's up with that?; I've been reading quite a lot of reviews (user and pro) that the phone still has a good amount of lag. There's also videos with side by side use with the same apps, and Note 7 barely beat the Note 5 in tests - and no I'm not talking benchmarks which provide generic results.; What's up with that?
Y wd samsung focus on producing curved screen dat doesn't fit in with tempered glass n yet it is less scratch resistant. Being shatter proof doesnt mean users use their phone as a hammer. I hate seeing scratches on my phone screen. This phone is a very big NO for me.; Y wd samsung focus on producing curved screen dat doesn't fit in with tempered glass n yet it is less scratch resistant. Being shatter proof doesnt mean users use their phone as a hammer. I hate seeing scratches on my phone screen. This phone is a very big NO for me.
Bunyip22, 24 Aug 2016Media server has been using 20 to 30 pct of my battery the last 2 days... Any ideas? Strange. My media server only goes 2 to 4%. Have you checked your app power monitor that shows how much percentage per hour usage? It's under the battery usage interface. You might see which app is the culprit.
 
 My device is the Exynos version, and all my analysis of 4 discharge cycles tell me I can get over 8 to 9 hours SOT over a 17:30 hours usage, with around 1.2 to 1.5 GB using wifi only. I have not tried connecting to LTE data. That's full usage of the battery, and it can match what I need.
 
 I wonder why reviewers are reporting 4 to 5 hours SOT. I'm getting that result at the 50% mark.; Strange. My media server only goes 2 to 4%. Have you checked your app power monitor that shows how much percentage per hour usage? It's under the battery usage interface. You might see which app is the culprit.; My device is the Exynos version, and all my analysis of 4 discharge cycles tell me I can get over 8 to 9 hours SOT over a 17:30 hours usage, with around 1.2 to 1.5 GB using wifi only. I have not tried connecting to LTE data. That's full usage of the battery, and it can match what I need.; I wonder why reviewers are reporting 4 to 5 hours SOT. I'm getting that result at the 50% mark.
Anonymous, 24 Aug 2016You want proof that Note 5 survive accidental drop without any case? Here you are and enjoy: ... moreThe video showed Note.5 went dead. What's your point?; The video showed Note.5 went dead. What's your point?
droidMinority, 21 Aug 2016Who in their right mind has 300+ apps?!Count the system APP and you will see how many you have or accumulate; Count the system APP and you will see how many you have or accumulate
Media server has been using 20 to 30 pct of my battery the last 2 days... Any ideas?; Media server has been using 20 to 30 pct of my battery the last 2 days... Any ideas?
Got mine a day ago and it is the best phone i have even seen and used; Got mine a day ago and it is the best phone i have even seen and used
ahmed tanveer, 23 Aug 2016I have to say= You NAILED it.Wow! you had so much free time to write all that!!! neither apple or samsung are going to pay you for doing so. use whatever phone you like. stop writing essays dude.; Wow! you had so much free time to write all that!!! neither apple or samsung are going to pay you for doing so. use whatever phone you like. stop writing essays dude.
[deleted post]Thank you for agreeing that any type of glass breaks. Additional glass at the back is illogical.
 
 Wireless charging to add stress to the battery resulting in faster degradation, and therefore is illogical.
 
 Curved glass edges are just asking to be broken in just one accidental drop. Well, this is what the majority of you were asking for.; Thank you for agreeing that any type of glass breaks. Additional glass at the back is illogical.; Wireless charging to add stress to the battery resulting in faster degradation, and therefore is illogical.; Curved glass edges are just asking to be broken in just one accidental drop. Well, this is what the majority of you were asking for.
I would like to order it from Samsung Canada... but their website is broken. Anyone could tell them? http://www.samsung.com/ca/consumer/mobile-device­s/smartphones/galaxy-note/galaxy-note7/shop/ 
 
 Oh and by the way, Note 7 really rocks! If you own an S7, there is no need for an upgrade, you'll be fine, especially if you like your actual TouchWiz.
 If you own any other phone, you should consider to upgrade to the Note 7.; I would like to order it from Samsung Canada... but their website is broken. Anyone could tell them?; Oh and by the way, Note 7 really rocks! If you own an S7, there is no need for an upgrade, you'll be fine, especially if you like your actual TouchWiz.; If you own any other phone, you should consider to upgrade to the Note 7.
Anonymous, 24 Aug 2016Oh really, who likes to use a phone with broken screen? Like using a car with cracked windshi... moreLOL, you'd prefer a GN5 that cracks and dies over a GN7 that cracks and keeps working????
 
 A wide strip of packing tape removes the shattered glass risk.. even if it is just for a week till you replace or repair it. Repairing is a lot cheaper than replacing a phone.; LOL, you'd prefer a GN5 that cracks and dies over a GN7 that cracks and keeps working????; A wide strip of packing tape removes the shattered glass risk.. even if it is just for a week till you replace or repair it. Repairing is a lot cheaper than replacing a phone.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 19 Aug 2016Well, so much for Gorilla Glass 5 being unbreakable "80 percent" of the time. http://youtu.... moreYou want proof that Note 5 survive accidental drop without any case?
 Here you are and enjoy:
 https://youtu.be/gBr4iwSRcl4; You want proof that Note 5 survive accidental drop without any case?; Here you are and enjoy:
Bunyip22, 24 Aug 2016ha ha yep, good point. The GN7 still worked after a 3m drop the GN5 and iPhone 6s were stuffed... moreOh really, who likes to use a phone with broken screen?
 Like using a car with cracked windshield and dents all over the body.
 Better off dead phone than using it with a broken screen that might injure the fingers.
 And the story is, which phone cracks first and suffer more scratches.; Oh really, who likes to use a phone with broken screen?; Like using a car with cracked windshield and dents all over the body.; Better off dead phone than using it with a broken screen that might injure the fingers.; And the story is, which phone cracks first and suffer more scratches.
mir, 24 Aug 2016You forgot the fact thay the Note 7 kept on working despite having a smashed screen.ha ha yep, good point. The GN7 still worked after a 3m drop the GN5 and iPhone 6s were stuffed.
 
 Personally drop tests from the hand aren't accurate enough because each phone falls/lands differently each time. There is one site that does drop tests mechanically which is a lot more accurate.
 
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gBr4iwSRcl4; ha ha yep, good point. The GN7 still worked after a 3m drop the GN5 and iPhone 6s were stuffed.; Personally drop tests from the hand aren't accurate enough because each phone falls/lands differently each time. There is one site that does drop tests mechanically which is a lot more accurate.
mir, 24 Aug 2016You forgot the fact thay the Note 7 kept on working despite having a smashed screen.Yeah, another drop test against an iPhone showed the Note7 kept on working with more than 50 face-flat 1m drops.; Yeah, another drop test against an iPhone showed the Note7 kept on working with more than 50 face-flat 1m drops.
mir, 24 Aug 2016You forgot the fact thay the Note 7 kept on working despite having a smashed screen.ha ha yep, good point.
 The GN7 still worked the others were stuffed.; ha ha yep, good point.; The GN7 still worked the others were stuffed.
[deleted post]You forgot the fact thay the Note 7 kept on working despite having a smashed screen.; You forgot the fact thay the Note 7 kept on working despite having a smashed screen.
[deleted post]You cracked me up. Lol. Is hardware that important? This is nonsense. Drop test is still stupid in 2016. Why drop expensive iphone or galaxy for the sake of view on youtube? Cornings claim of its new GG5 is lab tested in their flat version. Samsung curved glass must have lowered the scratch resistant capability of the glass. Lets see if other phone using GG5 have the same problem soon.; You cracked me up. Lol. Is hardware that important? This is nonsense. Drop test is still stupid in 2016. Why drop expensive iphone or galaxy for the sake of view on youtube? Cornings claim of its new GG5 is lab tested in their flat version. Samsung curved glass must have lowered the scratch resistant capability of the glass. Lets see if other phone using GG5 have the same problem soon.
[deleted post]I've NEVER dropped a phone or scratched a screen so it isn't a problem for me.
 If it was i would put on a screen protector and thin case and it would be fine.
 
 Should GG5 be better? absolutely. Samsung should be embarrassed that they didn't do better testing on the screen before the selected it. 
 
 On the GN5 page you said people who didn't own a GN5 shouldn't comment (paraphrasing). Its good to see you have changed that opinion now the GN7 is out.
 
 Regardless of the screen issues, the GN7 is amazing. From the GN4 it is a big step up.
 The GN5 was poor because so many people were limited to just 32GB.; I've NEVER dropped a phone or scratched a screen so it isn't a problem for me.; If it was i would put on a screen protector and thin case and it would be fine.; Should GG5 be better? absolutely. Samsung should be embarrassed that they didn't do better testing on the screen before the selected it.; On the GN5 page you said people who didn't own a GN5 shouldn't comment (paraphrasing). Its good to see you have changed that opinion now the GN7 is out.; Regardless of the screen issues, the GN7 is amazing. From the GN4 it is a big step up.; The GN5 was poor because so many people were limited to just 32GB.
[deleted post]I guess he sees no point in spending extra on something that has memory expansion, and all other goodies the Note7 has to offer.
 
 "64 GB is enough".
 "Camera is a downgrade".
 "No need for water-resistance".
 "GG5 is scratchy".
 "S Pen gets stuck".
 
 Meantime, Note7 is a killer performer. Just fragile, and battery is doing initially better than expected.; I guess he sees no point in spending extra on something that has memory expansion, and all other goodies the Note7 has to offer.; "64 GB is enough".; "Camera is a downgrade".; "No need for water-resistance".; "GG5 is scratchy".; "S Pen gets stuck".; Meantime, Note7 is a killer performer. Just fragile, and battery is doing initially better than expected.
Savor , 23 Aug 2016Regarding that iPhone 6s beating Note7 in opening apps... Don't care, don't care, don't car... moreUufff eye opener for few haters Gosh man you nailed it iPhone fans just admit it you can ignore these points 
 
 Good luck mate Have a wonderful troll experience when iPhone fans will see this post; Uufff eye opener for few haters Gosh man you nailed it iPhone fans just admit it you can ignore these points; Good luck mate Have a wonderful troll experience when iPhone fans will see this post
absolut-allen, 23 Aug 2016Don't understand why you are knocking the iPhone. They are both premium phones with the price ... moreWell Samsung was doing business on their own and then Apple starting to suing them many years ago. They gonna have to make some loads of money to paid Apple off. Oh and by the way, all the Apple iPhone processor was created by Samsung though. If Samsung gone Apple is the one who have to look for another supplier like in Chinaaaa.; Well Samsung was doing business on their own and then Apple starting to suing them many years ago. They gonna have to make some loads of money to paid Apple off. Oh and by the way, all the Apple iPhone processor was created by Samsung though. If Samsung gone Apple is the one who have to look for another supplier like in Chinaaaa.
ahmed tanveer, 23 Aug 2016Samsung has these advantages to all iphones= Torrent apps (unless jailbreak) Sideloading ap... moreDon't understand why you are knocking the iPhone. They are both premium phones with the price tag to match. Regardless of which is better; what is Samsung going to do if iPhone drops off? Going to compete with their major competitors in China with great specs and a much cheaper phone? 
 
 Do you really think Samsung is going to be able to go that route? We're talking major manufacturer rivals here.; Don't understand why you are knocking the iPhone. They are both premium phones with the price tag to match. Regardless of which is better; what is Samsung going to do if iPhone drops off? Going to compete with their major competitors in China with great specs and a much cheaper phone?; Do you really think Samsung is going to be able to go that route? We're talking major manufacturer rivals here.
Savor , 23 Aug 2016Regarding that iPhone 6s beating Note7 in opening apps... Don't care, don't care, don't car... moreNailed it! 
 Also no dual SIM functionality 
 No multiple accounts. 
 I have two separate accounts on my phone, personal & work, and running same apps entirely on different account (e.g, two separate WhatsApp account on a single phone). 
 What's in a smartphone if you can't be able to do things like this. Sadly you can't with an iTrash.; Nailed it!; Also no dual SIM functionality; No multiple accounts.; I have two separate accounts on my phone, personal & work, and running same apps entirely on different account (e.g, two separate WhatsApp account on a single phone).; What's in a smartphone if you can't be able to do things like this. Sadly you can't with an iTrash.
victorlo, 23 Aug 2016What happened to the RAM of 6-8GB Storage 256GB Battery 4,200mAh You don't know what are you typing.; You don't know what are you typing.
yocho, 23 Aug 2016Â›Hybrid slot means people using the dual-SIM model can't expand the storage (64GB should be e... moreSamsung has these advantages to all iphones=
 Torrent apps (unless jailbreak) 
 Sideloading apps (unless jailbreak) 
 File manager app (ES File Explorer rules!) 
 Software updates that lags your iPhone after in
 Multiple video codec support (can't read MKV or AVI) 
 No VR
 No micro-sd slot
 No app gestures 
 No custom launchers 
 No ability to change icon pack
 No drawer or ability to hide apps
 Can't make apps your default 
 Sharing within the apps is limited 
 No fast charging
 No longer tops in camera
 No longer tops in battery life 
 No longer tops in design
 No IR blaster
 No removable battery 
 No FM radio
 No 2K resolutions yet
 Terrible value/feature ratio
 iPhone 7 is barely getting dust/water resistance 
 iPhone 7 is barely getting wireless charging 
 iTunes is still the crux to handle all your media
 Can't delete photo albums unless synced to computer
 Can't mass delete videos and music (no select all) 
 Can't have a mini-video player while doing something else
 No back button so mandatory home presses 
 No double tap to wake or sleep 
 Can't Bluetooth data transfer
 iOS doesn't have QuickPic (photos & videos viewer) 
 iOS doesn't have MX Player for background play
 iOS runs well because can't do much in the background 
 iOS = the mobile OS built for rich or tech dummies
 I think these all disadvantages are a deal breaker.
 I think you got the answer that who is making people fool.; Samsung has these advantages to all iphones=; Torrent apps (unless jailbreak); Sideloading apps (unless jailbreak); File manager app (ES File Explorer rules!); Software updates that lags your iPhone after in; Multiple video codec support (can't read MKV or AVI); No VR; No micro-sd slot; No app gestures; No custom launchers; No ability to change icon pack; No drawer or ability to hide apps; Can't make apps your default; Sharing within the apps is limited; No fast charging; No longer tops in camera; No longer tops in battery life; No longer tops in design; No IR blaster; No removable battery; No FM radio; No 2K resolutions yet; Terrible value/feature ratio; iPhone 7 is barely getting dust/water resistance; iPhone 7 is barely getting wireless charging; iTunes is still the crux to handle all your media; Can't delete photo albums unless synced to computer; Can't mass delete videos and music (no select all); Can't have a mini-video player while doing something else; No back button so mandatory home presses; No double tap to wake or sleep; Can't Bluetooth data transfer; iOS doesn't have QuickPic (photos & videos viewer); iOS doesn't have MX Player for background play; iOS runs well because can't do much in the background; iOS = the mobile OS built for rich or tech dummies; I think these all disadvantages are a deal breaker.; I think you got the answer that who is making people fool.
Savor , 23 Aug 2016Regarding that iPhone 6s beating Note7 in opening apps... Don't care, don't care, don't car... moreI have to say=
 You NAILED it.; I have to say=; You NAILED it.
AmazedBunion, 23 Aug 2016After using this phone, the camera is certainly not better than the Note 4/note edge. It's not... moreS7E was proved by critics and experts that it has best camera ever used in a phone.
 In review of GSMArena(and most of other sites),it is written that Note 7 has a better camera than S7E.
 Now,you are comparing Note 7 with Note 4.
 So,are you mad or acting like a mad?; S7E was proved by critics and experts that it has best camera ever used in a phone.; In review of GSMArena(and most of other sites),it is written that Note 7 has a better camera than S7E.; Now,you are comparing Note 7 with Note 4.; So,are you mad or acting like a mad?
Savor , 23 Aug 2016Just wished Americans got the best variant of the Note7 - Exynos / 128gb / 6gb RAM. We have to... moreAfter using this phone, the camera is certainly not better than the Note 4/note edge. It's noticeably worse. Even my tech challenged mother noticed that my pictures used to be much better.; After using this phone, the camera is certainly not better than the Note 4/note edge. It's noticeably worse. Even my tech challenged mother noticed that my pictures used to be much better.
Well, after much expectation that turning down the screen resolution from 1440p to 720p would make a difference in prolonging power usage, initial testing proves the opposite.
 
 I cranked up the resolution to 1440p, with very similar use of just wifi connection on airplane mode. I did the almost the same things - installing apps, browsing, YouTube, and the 50% battery mark reach 8:03 hours, with 4:39 hours of SOT, and 670 MB of data consumed. Screenshots of this: http://www.flickr.com/photos/92800985@N06/shares­/ZuSY74 
 
 While when the 720p test at 50% mark reached 5:56 hours, got 4:31 hours SOT and some 1 GB data consumed. Screenshots of this: http://www.flickr.com/photos/92800985@N06/shares­/2xRnn9 
 
 These are INITIAL tests, and will probably differ in numerous cycles. Maybe that extra 300 MB of data on the 720p setting was a factor in having the 1440p setting getting slightly better SOT.
 
 My initial conclusion is setting the resolution to the lowest (720p) does not equate to longer battery life for the Note7 at full resolution (1440p). I guess the same amount of pixels will be lit, but GPU is not an issue with just browsing somehow? Someone correct me if I'm wrong with my findings.
 
 I'm always at 50% brightness on auto, with no modifications on animation settings.
 
 I'll start testing battery use with LTE data once I get my nano SIM.; Well, after much expectation that turning down the screen resolution from 1440p to 720p would make a difference in prolonging power usage, initial testing proves the opposite.; I cranked up the resolution to 1440p, with very similar use of just wifi connection on airplane mode. I did the almost the same things - installing apps, browsing, YouTube, and the 50% battery mark reach 8:03 hours, with 4:39 hours of SOT, and 670 MB of data consumed. Screenshots of this:; While when the 720p test at 50% mark reached 5:56 hours, got 4:31 hours SOT and some 1 GB data consumed. Screenshots of this:; These are INITIAL tests, and will probably differ in numerous cycles. Maybe that extra 300 MB of data on the 720p setting was a factor in having the 1440p setting getting slightly better SOT.; My initial conclusion is setting the resolution to the lowest (720p) does not equate to longer battery life for the Note7 at full resolution (1440p). I guess the same amount of pixels will be lit, but GPU is not an issue with just browsing somehow? Someone correct me if I'm wrong with my findings.; I'm always at 50% brightness on auto, with no modifications on animation settings.; I'll start testing battery use with LTE data once I get my nano SIM.
Savor , 23 Aug 2016Regarding that iPhone 6s beating Note7 in opening apps... Don't care, don't care, don't car... moreYour right. The iPhone is too basic for power users. It doesn't even have a file Explorer or allow you to copy and paste from/to a usb stick.; Your right. The iPhone is too basic for power users. It doesn't even have a file Explorer or allow you to copy and paste from/to a usb stick.
Anonymous, 23 Aug 2016what i care is the priceabout RM3100-RM3300; about RM3100-RM3300
neha pr, 22 Aug 2016Hows is silver color ???Yea it's good but it's looks normal gold looks platinum on hand. Which colour you love to use let just you buy it it's doesn't matter what j choose for you , u just buy the things you love; Yea it's good but it's looks normal gold looks platinum on hand. Which colour you love to use let just you buy it it's doesn't matter what j choose for you , u just buy the things you love
whitedragon, 23 Aug 2016Yeswhat i care is the price; what i care is the price
Regarding that iPhone 6s beating Note7 in opening apps...
 
 Don't care, don't care, don't care! Note7 is the only answer for me, kids. Haha... VR, baby!
 
 Okay, Apple has better software optimization. Software is correctable. Hardware isn't. This area is where Samsung trounces Apple. I was on iOS since the 1.1.4 days. Never went back to them since 2013. I find iPhones bore me to tears. The real power comes from the user's mind.
 
 So apps open up faster on iPhones? What about iPhones lacking in....? 
 
 Torrent apps (unless jailbreak) 
 Sideloading apps (unless jailbreak) 
 File manager app (ES File Explorer rules!) 
 Software updates that lags your iPhone after in
 Multiple video codec support (can't read MKV or AVI) 
 No VR
 No micro-sd slot
 No app gestures 
 No custom launchers 
 No ability to change icon pack
 No drawer or ability to hide apps
 Can't make apps your default 
 Sharing within the apps is limited 
 No fast charging
 No longer tops in camera
 No longer tops in battery life 
 No longer tops in design
 No IR blaster
 No removable battery 
 No FM radio
 No 2K resolutions yet
 Terrible value/feature ratio
 iPhone 7 is barely getting dust/water resistance 
 iPhone 7 is barely getting wireless charging 
 iTunes is still the crux to handle all your media
 Can't delete photo albums unless synced to computer
 Can't mass delete videos and music (no select all) 
 Can't have a mini-video player while doing something else
 No back button so mandatory home presses 
 No double tap to wake or sleep 
 Can't Bluetooth data transfer
 iOS doesn't have QuickPic (photos & videos viewer) 
 iOS doesn't have MX Player for background play
 iOS runs well because can't do much in the background 
 iOS = the mobile OS built for rich or tech dummies
 
 I can go on and on. I think iOS is a cookie cutter OS that promotes tech idiocracy. You pay double to get less features because of stupid mantras like "it just works" and "if it's not an iPhone, it's not an iPhone." They are as arrogant as Donald Trump. The iPhone tagline says "it changes everything again" when they have changed nothing the last five years and simply copying Android. And iPhones make terrible media players just like their iPods were. Everything revolves using iTunes. 
 
 Apple became fat cats. This Tim Cook era lacks a visionary. Jony Ive needs to retire since he lacks anymore ambition. They are just enjoying their money banking on suckers who lack very knowledge using their smartphone. Proprietary this and that including a different charger for you to be stuck in the walled garden and restricted ecosystem. They are milking the iPhone 5 and 6 series a third time in design with the SE and 7. Glad marketshare for Apple is shrinking. Android is beating iOS by 73.3%. Landslide victory. 
 
 Nobody outside the United States is falling for their nonsense anymore. The iPhones can run apps faster and smoother but lacks in so many areas too. All that optimization wasted on childish restrictions and being forced to ne part of their overrated ecosystem! So iOS users can have a few areas they beat Android. You can have your iMessages, iTunes, software updates, and ugly iPhone 6 series or rehashed 5s called an SE with a tiny screen for little girl hands. Rather have more features, liberty, better hardware, and value of Androids.
 
 Bye, bye Apple.; Regarding that iPhone 6s beating Note7 in opening apps...; Don't care, don't care, don't care! Note7 is the only answer for me, kids. Haha... VR, baby!; Okay, Apple has better software optimization. Software is correctable. Hardware isn't. This area is where Samsung trounces Apple. I was on iOS since the 1.1.4 days. Never went back to them since 2013. I find iPhones bore me to tears. The real power comes from the user's mind.; So apps open up faster on iPhones? What about iPhones lacking in....?; Torrent apps (unless jailbreak); Sideloading apps (unless jailbreak); File manager app (ES File Explorer rules!); Software updates that lags your iPhone after in; Multiple video codec support (can't read MKV or AVI); No VR; No micro-sd slot; No app gestures; No custom launchers; No ability to change icon pack; No drawer or ability to hide apps; Can't make apps your default; Sharing within the apps is limited; No fast charging; No longer tops in camera; No longer tops in battery life; No longer tops in design; No IR blaster; No removable battery; No FM radio; No 2K resolutions yet; Terrible value/feature ratio; iPhone 7 is barely getting dust/water resistance; iPhone 7 is barely getting wireless charging; iTunes is still the crux to handle all your media; Can't delete photo albums unless synced to computer; Can't mass delete videos and music (no select all); Can't have a mini-video player while doing something else; No back button so mandatory home presses; No double tap to wake or sleep; Can't Bluetooth data transfer; iOS doesn't have QuickPic (photos & videos viewer); iOS doesn't have MX Player for background play; iOS runs well because can't do much in the background; iOS = the mobile OS built for rich or tech dummies; I can go on and on. I think iOS is a cookie cutter OS that promotes tech idiocracy. You pay double to get less features because of stupid mantras like "it just works" and "if it's not an iPhone, it's not an iPhone." They are as arrogant as Donald Trump. The iPhone tagline says "it changes everything again" when they have changed nothing the last five years and simply copying Android. And iPhones make terrible media players just like their iPods were. Everything revolves using iTunes.; Apple became fat cats. This Tim Cook era lacks a visionary. Jony Ive needs to retire since he lacks anymore ambition. They are just enjoying their money banking on suckers who lack very knowledge using their smartphone. Proprietary this and that including a different charger for you to be stuck in the walled garden and restricted ecosystem. They are milking the iPhone 5 and 6 series a third time in design with the SE and 7. Glad marketshare for Apple is shrinking. Android is beating iOS by 73.3%. Landslide victory.; Nobody outside the United States is falling for their nonsense anymore. The iPhones can run apps faster and smoother but lacks in so many areas too. All that optimization wasted on childish restrictions and being forced to ne part of their overrated ecosystem! So iOS users can have a few areas they beat Android. You can have your iMessages, iTunes, software updates, and ugly iPhone 6 series or rehashed 5s called an SE with a tiny screen for little girl hands. Rather have more features, liberty, better hardware, and value of Androids.; Bye, bye Apple.
Fogsh, 23 Aug 2016Does Galaxy Note 7 has liquid to cold the device same as what Galaxy S7 and S7 edge have?Yes; Yes
Does Galaxy Note 7 has liquid to cold the device same as what Galaxy S7 and S7 edge have?; Does Galaxy Note 7 has liquid to cold the device same as what Galaxy S7 and S7 edge have?
Â›Hybrid slot means people using the dual-SIM model can't expand the storage (64GB should be enough for most, though)Go with iPhone 6s 64gb and also iPhone 6s beat note 7 in speed test,, 4gb ram hahaha Samsung made people fool; Â›Hybrid slot means people using the dual-SIM model can't expand the storage (64GB should be enough for most, though)Go with iPhone 6s 64gb and also iPhone 6s beat note 7 in speed test,, 4gb ram hahaha Samsung made people fool
PTN, 21 Aug 2016Samsung should put screen protection with the unit out of the box since the screen is downgrad... moreThere are cheap phones with SD card... why not the GN5?; There are cheap phones with SD card... why not the GN5?
Is anyone else having problems with Bluetooth static short range...; Is anyone else having problems with Bluetooth static short range...
Bunyip22, 23 Aug 2016Lol, the sad haters who try to use anything to justify their second rate phones. No phone is p... moreI'm not a fan of screen protectors, and have not tried any since my Note 1. However, Gorilla Glass 5 is more scratch-prone so I've simply had an official Samsung Note7 plastic screen protector from scratches. It has zero rainbow effect or speckles.
 
 Until the toughest cases like Otterbox Defender and Ghostek Atomic, and extended battery case, Zerolemon start selling, a good impact case like Spigen Crystal Shell will do. News is that Samsung centers HERE DO NOT repair/replace broken screens! WTF. I won't be happy to spend $270 for that anyway. So, prevention is key.
 
 I'd like to thank those who insisted Samsung to put glass as the rear material - now you have encouraged us to get tougher and more expensive cases to hide that glad. /S; I'm not a fan of screen protectors, and have not tried any since my Note 1. However, Gorilla Glass 5 is more scratch-prone so I've simply had an official Samsung Note7 plastic screen protector from scratches. It has zero rainbow effect or speckles.; Until the toughest cases like Otterbox Defender and Ghostek Atomic, and extended battery case, Zerolemon start selling, a good impact case like Spigen Crystal Shell will do. News is that Samsung centers HERE DO NOT repair/replace broken screens! WTF. I won't be happy to spend $270 for that anyway. So, prevention is key.; I'd like to thank those who insisted Samsung to put glass as the rear material - now you have encouraged us to get tougher and more expensive cases to hide that glad. /S
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 23 Aug 2016Screen resolution at 720p screen resolution, 50% brightness, wifi only, no nano SIM (no availa... moreNice :-); Nice :-)
[deleted post]Lol, the sad haters who try to use anything to justify their second rate phones. No phone is perfect but the GN7 is arguably the closest atm. 
 
 Provided you are careful and don't put your phone in your pocket with coins of keys scratching the screen shouldn't be a problem.... The upside is it is a lot stronger and more resistant to cracking.; Lol, the sad haters who try to use anything to justify their second rate phones. No phone is perfect but the GN7 is arguably the closest atm.; Provided you are careful and don't put your phone in your pocket with coins of keys scratching the screen shouldn't be a problem.... The upside is it is a lot stronger and more resistant to cracking.
Just wished Americans got the best variant of the Note7 - Exynos / 128gb / 6gb RAM. We have to settle for a weaker variant. According to GSMArena, Note7 beats S7 edge in a camera shootout. 
 
 S7 edge
 + Slightly better battery life
 + GG4 scratch resistant
 + Cheaper 
 
 Note7
 + Slightly better camera 
 + Better display
 + GG5 shatter resistant 
 + Larger internal storage for base model 
 + More features thanks to the S-Pen
 
 People choosing S7 edge is reassurance posts because they own one or want it cheaper. They are nearly the same size with a few millimeters in height and width on the Note7. Shatter pr cracks are also more annoying to look at than scratches. Most haters of the Note7 are from insecure S7 edge or iPhone users. Or from tightwads or people who can't afford it. 
 
 Best all-around smartphone on the planet that money can buy until S8 edge and foldable displays come out next year. Don't let other people who haven't owned it for that long try to make you think otherwise. We will see its true value months after.; Just wished Americans got the best variant of the Note7 - Exynos / 128gb / 6gb RAM. We have to settle for a weaker variant. According to GSMArena, Note7 beats S7 edge in a camera shootout.; S7 edge; + Slightly better battery life; + GG4 scratch resistant; + Cheaper; Note7; + Slightly better camera; + Better display; + GG5 shatter resistant; + Larger internal storage for base model; + More features thanks to the S-Pen; People choosing S7 edge is reassurance posts because they own one or want it cheaper. They are nearly the same size with a few millimeters in height and width on the Note7. Shatter pr cracks are also more annoying to look at than scratches. Most haters of the Note7 are from insecure S7 edge or iPhone users. Or from tightwads or people who can't afford it.; Best all-around smartphone on the planet that money can buy until S8 edge and foldable displays come out next year. Don't let other people who haven't owned it for that long try to make you think otherwise. We will see its true value months after.
will it have a UFS card slot ?; will it have a UFS card slot ?
RainX, 23 Aug 2016Whos says there is no Screen Protector that will FIT the Edge Screen.?. http://www.samsung.... moreYeah will definitely need to get me one of those screen protectors.; Yeah will definitely need to get me one of those screen protectors.
victorlo, 23 Aug 2016What happened to the RAM of 6-8GB Storage 256GB Battery 4,200mAh Apparently, the 6gb version is exclusive to china, the 256gb memory is external only, and the 4200mah was never legitimately considered.; Apparently, the 6gb version is exclusive to china, the 256gb memory is external only, and the 4200mah was never legitimately considered.
Screen resolution at 720p screen resolution, 50% brightness, wifi only, no nano SIM (no available replacement yet), with some 2 GB used data, over a stretch of 13:38H from full to nil battery:
 
 8:22H Screen On Time usage, with mostly seeing up, downloading apps, YouTube, browsing.
 
 Screenshots:
 http://www.flickr.com/photos/92800985@N06/shares­/8CL1ea 
 
 This is my first discharge after fully charging for the first time over 13 hours ago. The first few battery usage are the most impressive, but let's see how it fairs with 1440p screen resolution.; Screen resolution at 720p screen resolution, 50% brightness, wifi only, no nano SIM (no available replacement yet), with some 2 GB used data, over a stretch of 13:38H from full to nil battery:; 8:22H Screen On Time usage, with mostly seeing up, downloading apps, YouTube, browsing.; Screenshots:; This is my first discharge after fully charging for the first time over 13 hours ago. The first few battery usage are the most impressive, but let's see how it fairs with 1440p screen resolution.
What happened to the
 RAM of 6-8GB
 Storage 256GB
 Battery 4,200mAh; What happened to the; RAM of 6-8GB; Storage 256GB; Battery 4,200mAh
Whos says there is no Screen Protector that will FIT the Edge Screen.?.
 
 http://www.samsung.com/ph/consumer/mobile-device­s/smartphones/galaxy-note/galaxy-note7/accessori­es/; Whos says there is no Screen Protector that will FIT the Edge Screen.?.
Ben1, 22 Aug 2016Y wd samsung be producing phones wt curved edge knowing dat tempered glass doesn't fit in with... moreTempered glass does fit the curved screen. I ordered 1 the other day.; Tempered glass does fit the curved screen. I ordered 1 the other day.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 22 Aug 2016The screen is insanely much more bright! The screen is suppose to go up as much as 1000 nits. ... moreWhoops, I meant to say SwipePad, NOT SideSwipe.; Whoops, I meant to say SwipePad, NOT SideSwipe.
BATTERY Non-removable Li-Po 3500 mAh battery
 
 This is a deal breaker; BATTERY	 	Non-removable Li-Po 3500 mAh battery; This is a deal breaker
Y wd samsung be producing phones wt curved edge knowing dat tempered glass doesn't fit in with the screen?Producing a phone dat is shatter proof but less scratch resistant. Were they convinced d phone is used as hammer by users?; Y wd samsung be producing phones wt curved edge knowing dat tempered glass doesn't fit in with the screen?Producing a phone dat is shatter proof but less scratch resistant. Were they convinced d phone is used as hammer by users?
People are posting that it has some ram management issues.if anyone owns it. As for multitasking how is it.i really want this phone but ram management makes me rethink.?; People are posting that it has some ram management issues.if anyone owns it. As for multitasking how is it.i really want this phone but ram management makes me rethink.?
I saw leaked photos of the Sony PS4 slim which seemed tempting because been interested in getting back into video games. But I said nah, let me get the Note7 first! The PS4 can't download from torrent apps and I like the Gear VR portability and price. PS4 can wait. Need Note7 now. 
 
 VR seems like a gimmicky but this is how I rank gadget importance for me - 
 
 Smartphone 
 Laptop/Desktop/Notebook/2 in 1 hybrids
 TV
 VR
 Tablet
 Portable media player 
 Smart watch
 
 VR is in the middle of being practical and gimmicky. I never found tablets practical. Never got into the iPad craze. A giant iPod touch. Apple Watch is a big waste of money. VR is something that can enhance my media viewing experience. 
 
 I can point at every flaw of the Note7. It has been said repeatedly here like high price, scratch prone GG5, average speaker, lower battery life than S7 edge, non removable, no FM, yadda yadda. Like a broken record already. But it is just too good for me to pass up even with its flaws. I need my 64gb internal, micro-sd slot, and Gear VR. I need the free goodies like a free 256gb micro-sd card or maybe free Samsung TV down the road. 
 
 I will be feasting on Pirate Bay, YIFY movie using my Flud app. Will downloading on YouTube, DailyMotion, and adult sites using TubeMate app. I need high storage period to transfer it all to my external hard drive. Then we also have a great design, camera, still pretty solid battery life, and many more features to boot. When my relatives drive me to Vegas in November, I will be sitting at the back using Gear VR to watch my movies and TV shows that I downloaded. Just wished the 128gb/6gb RAM/Exynos was optional for the U.S. 
 
 We can fault it but it is just too good to pass up no matter if the iPhone 7, HTC Nexus devices, and PS4 slim get released. Stop hesitating over superficial reasons or being a tightwad. This smartphone is the best of the best right now until the S8 edge and Note8 get released with 4K display. The rest of the competition are playing catch up with VR and other phones aren't quite as feature-packed or excel in the most important areas like the S7e/Note7 do no matter if they are cheaper.; I saw leaked photos of the Sony PS4 slim which seemed tempting because been interested in getting back into video games. But I said nah, let me get the Note7 first! The PS4 can't download from torrent apps and I like the Gear VR portability and price. PS4 can wait. Need Note7 now.; VR seems like a gimmicky but this is how I rank gadget importance for me -; Smartphone; Laptop/Desktop/Notebook/2 in 1 hybrids; TV; VR; Tablet; Portable media player; Smart watch; VR is in the middle of being practical and gimmicky. I never found tablets practical. Never got into the iPad craze. A giant iPod touch. Apple Watch is a big waste of money. VR is something that can enhance my media viewing experience.; I can point at every flaw of the Note7. It has been said repeatedly here like high price, scratch prone GG5, average speaker, lower battery life than S7 edge, non removable, no FM, yadda yadda. Like a broken record already. But it is just too good for me to pass up even with its flaws. I need my 64gb internal, micro-sd slot, and Gear VR. I need the free goodies like a free 256gb micro-sd card or maybe free Samsung TV down the road.; I will be feasting on Pirate Bay, YIFY movie using my Flud app. Will downloading on YouTube, DailyMotion, and adult sites using TubeMate app. I need high storage period to transfer it all to my external hard drive. Then we also have a great design, camera, still pretty solid battery life, and many more features to boot. When my relatives drive me to Vegas in November, I will be sitting at the back using Gear VR to watch my movies and TV shows that I downloaded. Just wished the 128gb/6gb RAM/Exynos was optional for the U.S.; We can fault it but it is just too good to pass up no matter if the iPhone 7, HTC Nexus devices, and PS4 slim get released. Stop hesitating over superficial reasons or being a tightwad. This smartphone is the best of the best right now until the S8 edge and Note8 get released with 4K display. The rest of the competition are playing catch up with VR and other phones aren't quite as feature-packed or excel in the most important areas like the S7e/Note7 do no matter if they are cheaper.
nooob batteryyyy; nooob batteryyyy
@ Night Wolf @, 22 Aug 2016for google map you need data/internet,, only if you have some other GPS applications that doe... moreActually, you could download offline map now on google map so you can used it offline; Actually, you could download offline map now on google map so you can used it offline
G chand, 22 Aug 2016Gold and Blue is the best i have Gold, Gold looks more platinum than Blue Hows is silver color ???; Hows is silver color ???
The screen is insanely much more bright! The screen is suppose to go up as much as 1000 nits. I love how more crisp the scenes are with the HDR totally deep blacks.
 
 Iris scanner is fast enough, although since I'm connected to a trusted Bluetooth device all the time, I use Google Smart Lock to just swipe to open. If disconnected, the Note7 automatically locks.
 
 Blue light filter has been around since the 2013 Note 8 labeled as reader mode. I don't know why it's a big deal now that Apple has implemented it. Anyway, it works great.
 
 Always Screen On idea is not something I appreciate as it still drains battery, but I will turn it on for my side bed clock while it is plugged in.
 
 I just turned off the Edge panels entirely, and replaced it with SideSwipe as a better way of launching shortcuts - it can also have contacts at the ready. You can have 6 by 7 grid total - maximum 42 shortcuts, and you can customize a number of different sets of shortcuts, triggered at different hotspots.
 
 Note7 is turning out great. More on how the S Pen is performing.; The screen is insanely much more bright! The screen is suppose to go up as much as 1000 nits. I love how more crisp the scenes are with the HDR totally deep blacks.; Iris scanner is fast enough, although since I'm connected to a trusted Bluetooth device all the time, I use Google Smart Lock to just swipe to open. If disconnected, the Note7 automatically locks.; Blue light filter has been around since the 2013 Note 8 labeled as reader mode. I don't know why it's a big deal now that Apple has implemented it. Anyway, it works great.; Always Screen On idea is not something I appreciate as it still drains battery, but I will turn it on for my side bed clock while it is plugged in.; I just turned off the Edge panels entirely, and replaced it with SideSwipe as a better way of launching shortcuts - it can also have contacts at the ready. You can have 6 by 7 grid total - maximum 42 shortcuts, and you can customize a number of different sets of shortcuts, triggered at different hotspots.; Note7 is turning out great. More on how the S Pen is performing.
Got a warranty receipt, return N7 space between glass and frame, particles near edges. It's hush up deliver date syndrome. Forget wait nxt batch 4th qtr.; Got a warranty receipt, return N7 space between glass and frame, particles near edges. It's hush up deliver date syndrome. Forget wait nxt batch 4th qtr.
Anonymous, 22 Aug 2016And look who's back! The S-pen silo issue! First the return of the glass back and the hybrid d... moreWhat S Pen silo issue?; What S Pen silo issue?
i brought this phone; i brought this phone
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 22 Aug 2016I finally got this beautiful tool. First thing I did was to turn the resolution to 720p, and I... moreAnd look who's back! The S-pen silo issue! First the return of the glass back and the hybrid dual SIM, now the return of the S-pen silo issue. What could be next? It is really following the footsteps of the best ever Note 5. LOL!; And look who's back! The S-pen silo issue! First the return of the glass back and the hybrid dual SIM, now the return of the S-pen silo issue. What could be next? It is really following the footsteps of the best ever Note 5. LOL!
Ur people so lucky because ur people have note 7..me not yet have it(with sad face); Ur people so lucky because ur people have note 7..me not yet have it(with sad face)
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 22 Aug 2016I finally got this beautiful tool. First thing I did was to turn the resolution to 720p, and I... more720p was noticeable for me plus the icons were the too big. Went FHD (1080p) instead and it's great.; 720p was noticeable for me plus the icons were the too big. Went FHD (1080p) instead and it's great.
Sumsang phone lover, 22 Aug 2016hi I am in RSA , I have never heard of Galaxy Note 6 but now there is 7, What am I missing, w... morea note 6 is skip; a note 6 is skip
hi
 I am in RSA , I have never heard of Galaxy Note 6 but now there is 7, What am I missing, what happened? I only know Note 5.; hi; I am in RSA , I have never heard of Galaxy Note 6 but now there is 7, What am I missing, what happened? I only know Note 5.
neha pr, 22 Aug 2016Which colour is best in note 7?? Blur gold silver????????? please tellBlue; Blue
neha pr, 22 Aug 2016Which colour is best in note 7?? Blur gold silver????????? please tellGold and Blue is the best i have Gold, Gold looks more platinum than Blue; Gold and Blue is the best i have Gold, Gold looks more platinum than Blue
why is Coral blue not ready for pre-order in india ?; why is Coral blue not ready for pre-order in india ?
I finally got this beautiful tool. First thing I did was to turn the resolution to 720p, and I absolutely could not easily tell between this lowest setting to FHD Amor 1440p. If it saves battery and prolongs usage, it's not a big deal.
 
 Ah, this thing is a good step up to what I'm used to. Now this was what the Note.5 was suppose to be! I waited a year for this to upgrade from the Note 3. Man, I certainly appreciate that memory expansion being back. 
 
 Pretty excited in getting the necessary accessories. I got a free backpack charger that will barely equivalent 50% of actual charge of the battery. There's a free official clear back cover, and I'd really need something more protective. 
 
 Currently fully charging this baby up too test the battery's stamina. Camera is expected too be as good as the wife's S7 Edge. Fast focusing and fast launch.
 
 More in the following posts.; I finally got this beautiful tool. First thing I did was to turn the resolution to 720p, and I absolutely could not easily tell between this lowest setting to FHD Amor 1440p. If it saves battery and prolongs usage, it's not a big deal.; Ah, this thing is a good step up to what I'm used to. Now this was what the Note.5 was suppose to be! I waited a year for this to upgrade from the Note 3. Man, I certainly appreciate that memory expansion being back.; Pretty excited in getting the necessary accessories. I got a free backpack charger that will barely equivalent 50% of actual charge of the battery. There's a free official clear back cover, and I'd really need something more protective.; Currently fully charging this baby up too test the battery's stamina. Camera is expected too be as good as the wife's S7 Edge. Fast focusing and fast launch.; More in the following posts.
[deleted post]Just like memory expansion is useless for you?; Just like memory expansion is useless for you?
uts already released in the middle east!!!! and im using it... its amazing!!!! camera is good. but i feel the battery life is not what i expected tho...; uts already released in the middle east!!!! and im using it... its amazing!!!! camera is good. but i feel the battery life is not what i expected tho...
Which colour is best in note 7??
 Blur gold silver????????? please tell; Which colour is best in note 7??; Blur gold silver????????? please tell
Have i mentioned that i love my GN7 camera? Will mention it again any way :-) 
 
 At 9MP (16:9) it destroys my GN4 at 16MP (16:9). Plus the image sizes are smaller.
 
 Outdoors, indoors, sunlight, low light, flash, video, moving objects, quick focus required... it is simply awesome. Plus the interface is really well though out.; Have i mentioned that i love my GN7 camera? Will mention it again any way :-); At 9MP (16:9) it destroys my GN4 at 16MP (16:9). Plus the image sizes are smaller.; Outdoors, indoors, sunlight, low light, flash, video, moving objects, quick focus required... it is simply awesome. Plus the interface is really well though out.
i purchased it it is good phone with sweet s-pen all thing is good enough but there are some lag in ui and applications . in benchmark apps it is go heat very fast compare to other devices like lg g5. mine is exynos. i think samsung use overclocking phone with some methods in benchmark app still or keep phone in high performance more than other. it is a cheat but overall it is good phone. camera is good but not best there are less details compare to some compotitors but sharp images with less nois in some cases pics not have natural look ex for grass and trees in far u can see painty effects easily and for nearest sharpening alghorithms make them non natural i think more noise is not bad against this heavy image proccessing. i dont like edge panels but this time i hadn't choice flat panel is better for me and even 2.5d is not good it is just for better design . s pen is great there is no competitor for this phone that have this feature for someone that note a lot and drawing and keep their ideas and tasks in their mobile phones like me this phone present u many many features but if you want to note with keyboard and drawing simple things don t need it ,it is just extra feature for regular user apps like keep do their tasks and keep their notes with their fingers andregular stylus but with less features like palm rejection . palm rejection is a very good thing in this but it is better for large devices about 10 inches my palm don t touch my screen in all positions when use s pen. design is good but very familiar to oldest galaxy devices. i don't like this design before thisi want to buy htc 10 but htc use a hardware mechanical key in front of phone like samsung !! this phone is good but don ' t make it great and make hype for it. sorry for bad english .; i purchased it it is good phone with sweet s-pen all thing is good enough but there are some lag in ui and applications . in benchmark apps it is go heat very fast compare to other devices like lg g5. mine is exynos. i think samsung use overclocking phone with some methods in benchmark app still or keep phone in high performance more than other. it is a cheat but overall it is good phone. camera is good but not best there are less details compare to some compotitors but sharp images with less nois in some cases pics not have natural look ex for grass and trees in far u can see painty effects easily and for nearest sharpening alghorithms make them non natural i think more noise is not bad against this heavy image proccessing. i dont like edge panels but this time i hadn't choice flat panel is better for me and even 2.5d is not good it is just for better design . s pen is great there is no competitor for this phone that have this feature for someone that note a lot and drawing and keep their ideas and tasks in their mobile phones like me this phone present u many many features but if you want to note with keyboard and drawing simple things don t need it ,it is just extra feature for regular user apps like keep do their tasks and keep their notes with their fingers andregular stylus but with less features like palm rejection . palm rejection is a very good thing in this but it is better for large devices about 10 inches my palm don t touch my screen in all positions when use s pen. design is good but very familiar to oldest galaxy devices. i don't like this design before thisi want to buy htc 10 but htc use a hardware mechanical key in front of phone like samsung !! this phone is good but don ' t make it great and make hype for it. sorry for bad english .
Been following cell phone news since 2004. I memorize mobile history like I can with horse racing, NBA history, movies, music, and video game history. I used 15 different phone brands and 6 different mobile OSes. I study it much more in-depth than typical users who are reading my posts. 
 
 I have a fickle mind with phones. Since the Note7, I do try to change my mind again and again but I can't. I try to find reasons NOT to buy it whether with scratches or whatever. What I need is 64gb internal. Other flagships have it BUT might lack a micro-sd slot. And if they have both, they lack VR. Those are three very basics I would want in a flagship - 
 
 64gb internal because Pirate Bay have TV series with a size over 30gb. This is the reason a USA S7 edge (32gb) won't work for me unless I get the international one. 
 
 Micro-sd slot. Neither Nexus devices, Xiaomi Mi 5, and OnePlus 3 have it. It is 2016 already and everyone wants to follow Apple's stupid philosophy. 
 
 VR being the future for enhanced media consumption. Alot of druggies, alcoholics, sex addicts, and Netflix users are going to love checking out VR at home. 
 
 LG G5 and V20 do have removable battery, but I already have three phones in my arsenal with it and LG lacks a good VR headset. My Moto E2 with non-removable has 20% better battery life than my LG G3 S (12h > 10h SOT using Opera Mini mostly). Only the S7 edge matches close to the Note7 but I prefer having Type-C, S-Pen, and ability to adjust the screen to a lower resolution. S7 edge is cool. Note7 is just cooler. 
 
 Go find your deal breakers. Note7 checking those marks are my deal MAKERS. Then add in all the other stuff like a free 256gb micro-sd card or Gear Fit 2, S-Pen, Type-C, HDR display, fast and wireless charging, dust/water-resistance, and so on and so on. No more being wishy-washy. Note7 is 100% certain for me because I have a fickle mind and I have a hard time changing my decision with this one already. 
 
 Rotating between several phones including cheap ones like a Moto E2 4G and Lumia 640 makes me not care about fingerprints and scratches on the Note7. I plan to put a black dbrand carbon skin on the back because I don't like glass backs and too slippery. At some point, we stop caring too much on flaws. Just use the phone and enjoy.; Been following cell phone news since 2004. I memorize mobile history like I can with horse racing, NBA history, movies, music, and video game history. I used 15 different phone brands and 6 different mobile OSes. I study it much more in-depth than typical users who are reading my posts.; I have a fickle mind with phones. Since the Note7, I do try to change my mind again and again but I can't. I try to find reasons NOT to buy it whether with scratches or whatever. What I need is 64gb internal. Other flagships have it BUT might lack a micro-sd slot. And if they have both, they lack VR. Those are three very basics I would want in a flagship -; 64gb internal because Pirate Bay have TV series with a size over 30gb. This is the reason a USA S7 edge (32gb) won't work for me unless I get the international one.; Micro-sd slot. Neither Nexus devices, Xiaomi Mi 5, and OnePlus 3 have it. It is 2016 already and everyone wants to follow Apple's stupid philosophy.; VR being the future for enhanced media consumption. Alot of druggies, alcoholics, sex addicts, and Netflix users are going to love checking out VR at home.; LG G5 and V20 do have removable battery, but I already have three phones in my arsenal with it and LG lacks a good VR headset. My Moto E2 with non-removable has 20% better battery life than my LG G3 S (12h > 10h SOT using Opera Mini mostly). Only the S7 edge matches close to the Note7 but I prefer having Type-C, S-Pen, and ability to adjust the screen to a lower resolution. S7 edge is cool. Note7 is just cooler.; Go find your deal breakers. Note7 checking those marks are my deal MAKERS. Then add in all the other stuff like a free 256gb micro-sd card or Gear Fit 2, S-Pen, Type-C, HDR display, fast and wireless charging, dust/water-resistance, and so on and so on. No more being wishy-washy. Note7 is 100% certain for me because I have a fickle mind and I have a hard time changing my decision with this one already.; Rotating between several phones including cheap ones like a Moto E2 4G and Lumia 640 makes me not care about fingerprints and scratches on the Note7. I plan to put a black dbrand carbon skin on the back because I don't like glass backs and too slippery. At some point, we stop caring too much on flaws. Just use the phone and enjoy.
BRING BACK IR BLASTER !!!!!!! and have a separate tray for dual usim and sd card ! when you do something right don't take it away you idiots~!; BRING BACK IR BLASTER !!!!!!! and have a separate tray for dual usim and sd card ! when you do something right don't take it away you idiots~!
the PERSIAN Gulf, 18 Aug 2016it's available here in the always persian gulf ... 799$hahahahahahahah ;D 
 
 it's only (one persian country) here - IRAN - .... & more & more Arab Countries :) - Have a nice day -; hahahahahahahah ;D; it's only (one persian country) here - IRAN - .... & more & more Arab Countries :) - Have a nice day -
Ashish.jspr, 22 Aug 2016No snapdragon processor..They cut the main thing as they have used their own cheaper processor... moredon't talk non sense here; don't talk non sense here
Sheraz, 20 Aug 2016Does anyone know whether note 7 gps require internet connection to work or does it work on its own? for google map you need data/internet,, only if you have some other GPS applications that doesn't need data; for google map you need data/internet,, only if you have some other GPS applications that doesn't need data
Ashish.jspr, 22 Aug 2016No snapdragon processor..They cut the main thing as they have used their own cheaper processor... moreYeah. Except that the version with the SD820 chipset has lower battery life and suffers quite a lot of frame drops when gaming. You better get your facts straight before talking rubbish.; Yeah. Except that the version with the SD820 chipset has lower battery life and suffers quite a lot of frame drops when gaming. You better get your facts straight before talking rubbish.
I study phones like a science. It's a everyday thing for me. I am not trying to say Note7 is the perfect smartphone because that doesn't exist. They each will have their flaws. What I'm saying is don't bash it if you never tried it. If that dude scratching it with things turned you off, buy another phone. There will be flaws anyone will find with it too. You make a hissyfit with scratches like it left an emotional scar on you when people probably have acne or moles but worry so much on an appearance of a phone!
 
 I try to look hard for a better phone. There is better value in other phones since paying over $200 is ridiculous for any smartphone. Most flagships go below that in two years. Flagships are generally overpriced and overrated. Scams for companies to milk on when most people can live with flagship specs from 2012-2013. But finding a better flagship of 2016? This Note7 is it. I don't get why u mad, bro? It's just a phone, man. They are all disposal anyway. We go through honeymoon phases. We get sick of it and upgrade. Next year, we will have foldable displays and Project Ara. 
 
 Again, scratches would bother me since I am more OCD than most of you reading this BUT there are bigger problems in the world. I would be OCD of any tiny dog ear in my basketball cards or if certain things isn't aligned. I would get OCD if the case of the phone is flawed too. I would get OCD if the icon doesn't match color with the wallpaper. I study it for nights as an obsession. But then I said screw it, I'll get a Note7. Battery is a little lower than S7e. Fingerprint magnet. Yadda yadda yadda. Go find your dealbreakers. Still the best smartphone of 2016 in my eyes, baby.; I study phones like a science. It's a everyday thing for me. I am not trying to say Note7 is the perfect smartphone because that doesn't exist. They each will have their flaws. What I'm saying is don't bash it if you never tried it. If that dude scratching it with things turned you off, buy another phone. There will be flaws anyone will find with it too. You make a hissyfit with scratches like it left an emotional scar on you when people probably have acne or moles but worry so much on an appearance of a phone!; I try to look hard for a better phone. There is better value in other phones since paying over $200 is ridiculous for any smartphone. Most flagships go below that in two years. Flagships are generally overpriced and overrated. Scams for companies to milk on when most people can live with flagship specs from 2012-2013. But finding a better flagship of 2016? This Note7 is it. I don't get why u mad, bro? It's just a phone, man. They are all disposal anyway. We go through honeymoon phases. We get sick of it and upgrade. Next year, we will have foldable displays and Project Ara.; Again, scratches would bother me since I am more OCD than most of you reading this BUT there are bigger problems in the world. I would be OCD of any tiny dog ear in my basketball cards or if certain things isn't aligned. I would get OCD if the case of the phone is flawed too. I would get OCD if the icon doesn't match color with the wallpaper. I study it for nights as an obsession. But then I said screw it, I'll get a Note7. Battery is a little lower than S7e. Fingerprint magnet. Yadda yadda yadda. Go find your dealbreakers. Still the best smartphone of 2016 in my eyes, baby.
pr3zy, 22 Aug 2016I bought a note 7 on the 19th of August.besy phone I have used to date! It's everything I want... moreKey features I like:
 -beautiful design, feels very comfortable to hold. Feels smaller than it is. (curved glass on the front and back, symmetrical)
 - s pen feels better to write with and I like the GIF creator (you can make a video into a GIF with the S Pen)
 -5.7" AMOLED display (same size as last year's note 5 but the phone is smaller to hold than an iPhone 6S plus and Note 5)
 -water and dust resistant -extremely quick iris scanner to unlock your device, apps and folders -SD card slot is back (I received a free 128Gb SD card + there's 64GB internal memory(Note 5 did not have this and iPhone have never had this)
 - new type C usb port means faster transfer speeds and doesn't matter which way you insert the charger)
 - camera is exceptional as always/expected; Key features I like:; -beautiful design, feels very comfortable to hold. Feels smaller than it is. (curved glass on the front and back, symmetrical); - s pen feels better to write with and I like the GIF creator (you can make a video into a GIF with the S Pen); -5.7" AMOLED display (same size as last year's note 5 but the phone is smaller to hold than an iPhone 6S plus and Note 5); -water and dust resistant -extremely quick iris scanner to unlock your device, apps and folders -SD card slot is back (I received a free 128Gb SD card + there's 64GB internal memory(Note 5 did not have this and iPhone have never had this); - new type C usb port means faster transfer speeds and doesn't matter which way you insert the charger); - camera is exceptional as always/expected
You guys who own this phone, do you face the same issues as mentioned here in this article http://www.xda-developers.com/with-the-note-7-sa­msung-still-delivers-embarrassing-real-world-per­formance/; You guys who own this phone, do you face the same issues as mentioned here in this article
I bought a note 7 on the 19th of August.besy phone I have used to date! It's everything I wanted the Samsung galaxy note 5 to be and more! Highly recommend this phone! I definitely have no regrets buying this fantastic device!; I bought a note 7 on the 19th of August.besy phone I have used to date! It's everything I wanted the Samsung galaxy note 5 to be and more! Highly recommend this phone! I definitely have no regrets buying this fantastic device!
Anonymous, 21 Aug 2016what the phase of your brain?! leave this crapp seller i have tab s but not get marshmallow i ... moreI wholeheartedly agree; Samsung seem very happy to leave older devices unupdated (sometimes in specific 'high socio-economic' areas) as if to push customers to buying new tech.
 
 I do not like that company tactic, and agree as consumers we have to vote with our wallets.
 
 Unfortunately Iam weak knee'd and bought a Note 7 from a Telco that makes many many errors and whilst charging premium dollars, often underdelivers on service....
 
 I will have no one to complain to, but to acknowledge I was willing to be 'pants' again.
 Sammy have stated they will have faster rollouts going forward,.. and seemed to have taken active steps towards that goal (moving a lot of their apps that were default included with devices to the app store).
 
 As their apps were written to make use of specific hardware, and having varying chipsets in the market, it no doubt proved a nightmare for previous devices to keep them updated.
 
 You do know you can always go user customised Operating System and get your own chosen variant of an OS... 
 I have kitkat on a Nexus S as an example, and can put Marshmallow on my Motorola that maxed out at Android 4.4.2...; I wholeheartedly agree; Samsung seem very happy to leave older devices unupdated (sometimes in specific 'high socio-economic' areas) as if to push customers to buying new tech.; I do not like that company tactic, and agree as consumers we have to vote with our wallets.; Unfortunately Iam weak knee'd and bought a Note 7 from a Telco that makes many many errors and whilst charging premium dollars, often underdelivers on service....; I will have no one to complain to, but to acknowledge I was willing to be 'pants' again.; Sammy have stated they will have faster rollouts going forward,.. and seemed to have taken active steps towards that goal (moving a lot of their apps that were default included with devices to the app store).; As their apps were written to make use of specific hardware, and having varying chipsets in the market, it no doubt proved a nightmare for previous devices to keep them updated.; You do know you can always go user customised Operating System and get your own chosen variant of an OS...; I have kitkat on a Nexus S as an example, and can put Marshmallow on my Motorola that maxed out at Android 4.4.2...
Having had both an Exynos variant and a Snapdragon variant Note (several in fact), the Exynos variant is 'hands down' the winner.
 
 The reason why people tout Apple iOS products is due to their syncronistic hardware and software marriage. Every aspect of the silicon is utilised, and the hardware punches "well above its' weight".
 
 The same with Samsungs developed Exynos processors..
 Being an inhouse design, they can make their software utilise the threads very well.
 The nature of having an eight core processor means nothing if they are not loaded well.
 When Android with Touchwiz/GraceUX runs on an Exynos processor you can be sure that it will run with less hiccups.
 In fact the divide in the community between lagging Touchwiz, and other users swearing that it is a smooth experience would probably find correlation to the chipsets used.
 
 My experience is the 'more powerful' snapdragon chipsets lead to 'lagging' and unresponsive front ends,.. where as the Exynos variants run much smoother.
 
 Personally, being a fan of high end audio, and appreciating a nice set of headphones can get a person a long way towards a 'good stereo system',.. I try to find the best portable media players that I can...
 The HDR capable screen (and oh my Lord it it!,.. it upscales and up colours even 'very average content' (if using the 'dynamic display profile') to brilliance.. even sub DVDquality stuff looks better than bluray... Pair this video brilliance with audio Nirvana and we have a multimedia tool better than any on the planet.
 
 Exynos always had the better DAC (digital to analogue converters), which will not benefit bluetooth headphones, but will improve 'wired' headsets very nicely.
 If you are not critically listening, maybe not so obvious.. but if we are 'critically comparing CPUs, stating Snapdragon is better', lets get 'realworld', and figure out what matters.
 
 Subjective reality aside, Exynos delivers objectively better usage and 'sipping' of the battery(longer battery life).
 Exynos is a win. even if the snapdragon chip this time around gets the same DAC unit as the HTC 10.. the Exynos unit gets the Lucky DAC co developed by Wolfson/Cirrus Logic (Cirrus now owning Wolfson I believe).
 
 Anyhow, it is a flagship. Better phone you cannot find.
 Some people have money and want to spend it.. this is the best money can buy presently. 
 Well done Samsung.; Having had both an Exynos variant and a Snapdragon variant Note (several in fact), the Exynos variant is 'hands down' the winner.; The reason why people tout Apple iOS products is due to their syncronistic hardware and software marriage. Every aspect of the silicon is utilised, and the hardware punches "well above its' weight".; The same with Samsungs developed Exynos processors..; Being an inhouse design, they can make their software utilise the threads very well.; The nature of having an eight core processor means nothing if they are not loaded well.; When Android with Touchwiz/GraceUX runs on an Exynos processor you can be sure that it will run with less hiccups.; In fact the divide in the community between lagging Touchwiz, and other users swearing that it is a smooth experience would probably find correlation to the chipsets used.; My experience is the 'more powerful' snapdragon chipsets lead to 'lagging' and unresponsive front ends,.. where as the Exynos variants run much smoother.; Personally, being a fan of high end audio, and appreciating a nice set of headphones can get a person a long way towards a 'good stereo system',.. I try to find the best portable media players that I can...; The HDR capable screen (and oh my Lord it it!,.. it upscales and up colours even 'very average content' (if using the 'dynamic display profile') to brilliance.. even sub DVDquality stuff looks better than bluray... Pair this video brilliance with audio Nirvana and we have a multimedia tool better than any on the planet.; Exynos always had the better DAC (digital to analogue converters), which will not benefit bluetooth headphones, but will improve 'wired' headsets very nicely.; If you are not critically listening, maybe not so obvious.. but if we are 'critically comparing CPUs, stating Snapdragon is better', lets get 'realworld', and figure out what matters.; Subjective reality aside, Exynos delivers objectively better usage and 'sipping' of the battery(longer battery life).; Exynos is a win. even if the snapdragon chip this time around gets the same DAC unit as the HTC 10.. the Exynos unit gets the Lucky DAC co developed by Wolfson/Cirrus Logic (Cirrus now owning Wolfson I believe).; Anyhow, it is a flagship. Better phone you cannot find.; Some people have money and want to spend it.. this is the best money can buy presently.; Well done Samsung.
No snapdragon processor..They cut the main thing as they have used their own cheaper processor.
 Still there is no match for snapdragon.mi prime or Moto G4 are far better than this crap.; No snapdragon processor..They cut the main thing as they have used their own cheaper processor.; Still there is no match for snapdragon.mi prime or Moto G4 are far better than this crap.
Well i was playing with this phone in the store..OMG,,,, the back was scratched badly and screen had scratches too,nice phone very fast ,but for almost $900 ,no thank you ,battery endurance 90HR???For now i will stick with my note 4; Well i was playing with this phone in the store..OMG,,,, the back was scratched badly and screen had scratches too,nice phone very fast ,but for almost $900 ,no thank you ,battery endurance 90HR???For now i will stick with my note 4
Got it a few days ago (USA version) Love this phone; Got it a few days ago (USA version) Love this phone
The poor scratch resistant glass is a deal breaker for this phone!; The poor scratch resistant glass is a deal breaker for this phone!
whitedragon, 21 Aug 2016Screen WILL scratch. Definately get a screen protector.... I hit jb hifi today (sunday) ... morewhat the phase of your brain?! leave this crapp seller i have tab s but not get marshmallow i just angry for now several hours aho i saw the news but i think samsung want to releasemarshmallow when i vome back i knew the truth. if i wanna buy a phone or tablet i just will buy sony or htc never samsung again neveeeeeer.; what the phase of your brain?! leave this crapp seller i have tab s but not get marshmallow i just angry for now several hours aho i saw the news but i think samsung want to releasemarshmallow when i vome back i knew the truth. if i wanna buy a phone or tablet i just will buy sony or htc never samsung again neveeeeeer.
whitedragon, 21 Aug 2016Screen WILL scratch. Definately get a screen protector.... I hit jb hifi today (sunday) ... moreBecause it is a downgrade.; Because it is a downgrade.
Fredzorro, 21 Aug 2016Amazing spec, but 64gb for my dual Sim is simply not enough for my 300 apps & music. Hell ... moreWho in their right mind has 300+ apps?!; Who in their right mind has 300+ apps?!
Xperia is the best; Xperia is the best
Sony is the best; Sony is the best
Bunyip22, 21 Aug 2016 The more I use the note 7 the more I like it. The camera is simply amazing. I got great ... moreScreen WILL scratch.
 
 Definately get a screen protector....
 
 I hit jb hifi today (sunday) and got genuine samsung screen protectors (x2) and a tech 21 wallet case. The case is pretty awesome, and I am happy, but had I have had the forethought, I would be using a spigen case ordered direct or through ozgadgetguy...(both have free postage and excellent prices);
 One spigen case is slimline with 'grips' for holding....
 And this phone needs grips!
 
 My wallet case is awesome, paid ~$50, has microfiber inside and military grade to 2m drop protection all whilst being super thin, and relatively light.
 
 Keep my drivers license inside, hopefully use the phone as my credit card....(paywave stuff).
 
 Anyhow, screen protector deals with scratches, case protects lens bump and offers much better screen guarding, even svelte cases that have raised edges to stop the screen contacting surfaces....
 
 Picture quality is insane. Watching Mulan on presto couldn't believe the quality... (presto is pretty average quality, dependant on data levels too.).
 Drove 1hr including through 'blackspots' for reception.
 Vastly more power for aerials in this phone (as 'body SAR readings suggests),.. and I didn't lose picture/sound/quality whole trip.
 Normally would have issues,.. quite a few valleys with blackspots on drive...; Screen WILL scratch.; Definately get a screen protector....; I hit jb hifi today (sunday) and got genuine samsung screen protectors (x2) and a tech 21 wallet case. The case is pretty awesome, and I am happy, but had I have had the forethought, I would be using a spigen case ordered direct or through ozgadgetguy...(both have free postage and excellent prices);; One spigen case is slimline with 'grips' for holding....; And this phone needs grips!; My wallet case is awesome, paid ~$50, has microfiber inside and military grade to 2m drop protection all whilst being super thin, and relatively light.; Keep my drivers license inside, hopefully use the phone as my credit card....(paywave stuff).; Anyhow, screen protector deals with scratches, case protects lens bump and offers much better screen guarding, even svelte cases that have raised edges to stop the screen contacting surfaces....; Picture quality is insane. Watching Mulan on presto couldn't believe the quality... (presto is pretty average quality, dependant on data levels too.).; Drove 1hr including through 'blackspots' for reception.; Vastly more power for aerials in this phone (as 'body SAR readings suggests),.. and I didn't lose picture/sound/quality whole trip.; Normally would have issues,.. quite a few valleys with blackspots on drive...
Which colour is best in note 7 ?; Which colour is best in note 7 ?
All my apps are saved onto the internal storage of any phone. I prefer it that way because if I move apps to the sd card, sometimes the app icon disappears when I do a reboot. The launcher still takes time to read where the app is. All my photos, music, and videos are stored on the sd card. 
 
 I tried looking carefully to all the other 2016 flagships out there. Everything from camera, battery life, design, and features. 
 
 HTC Marlin and Sailfish - Stock Android but boring. No theming. No sd slot and VR. 
 
 Apple iPhone 7/7 Plus - Ugly design. No sd slot and VR. 
 
 LG V20 and G5 - Ugly camera hump. VR is no good from LG. 
 
 HTC 10 - Bland design. No VR similar to Gear VR. 
 
 Xiaomi Mi 5 - Only 1080p. No sd slot and VR. 
 
 OnePlus 3 - No sd slot and VR. 
 
 ZTE Axon 7 - No VR. 
 
 Most Huaweis and many reasonably-priced Chinese phones are still only on 1080p or lacks VR. I know VR isn't for everyone but I want to experience it for enhanced media consumption like having a portable IMAX 3D theater. 
 
 People can whine about the GG5's prone to scratches. But after you weigh the pluses and minuses focusing on features you need, Note7 generally comes out on top for me. It checkmarks high internal storage, sd slot, and VR. One of those three is the main differentiator. Note7 checks all three. Any other flagship usually lacks one of them. 
 
 I don't even love Samsung, but there is no doubt in my objective mind that the Note7 is the best smartphone money I can buy for myself in 2016.; All my apps are saved onto the internal storage of any phone. I prefer it that way because if I move apps to the sd card, sometimes the app icon disappears when I do a reboot. The launcher still takes time to read where the app is. All my photos, music, and videos are stored on the sd card.; I tried looking carefully to all the other 2016 flagships out there. Everything from camera, battery life, design, and features.; HTC Marlin and Sailfish - Stock Android but boring. No theming. No sd slot and VR.; Apple iPhone 7/7 Plus - Ugly design. No sd slot and VR.; LG V20 and G5 - Ugly camera hump. VR is no good from LG.; HTC 10 - Bland design. No VR similar to Gear VR.; Xiaomi Mi 5 - Only 1080p. No sd slot and VR.; OnePlus 3 - No sd slot and VR.; ZTE Axon 7 - No VR.; Most Huaweis and many reasonably-priced Chinese phones are still only on 1080p or lacks VR. I know VR isn't for everyone but I want to experience it for enhanced media consumption like having a portable IMAX 3D theater.; People can whine about the GG5's prone to scratches. But after you weigh the pluses and minuses focusing on features you need, Note7 generally comes out on top for me. It checkmarks high internal storage, sd slot, and VR. One of those three is the main differentiator. Note7 checks all three. Any other flagship usually lacks one of them.; I don't even love Samsung, but there is no doubt in my objective mind that the Note7 is the best smartphone money I can buy for myself in 2016.
Julliard, 21 Aug 2016Whatever you say, it doesn't change the fact Gorilla Glass 4 is worst. GG4 more prone to crack... moreWe can just look at the many justifications of Note.5 users like him - don't need memory expansion, nor water-resistance, considers the camera as "downgrade" counting megapixels differences rather than aperture, nor the S Pen's 4096 levels of pressure sensitivity, nor the iris scanner, nor the bigger battery.
 
 We all know they want a Note7, and the scratch-prone of its screen is that last excuse they are looking for of NOT getting this more functional device.
 
 But here we have it - Note7 being way better than the Note.5, especially having MEMORY EXPANSION.; We can just look at the many justifications of Note.5 users like him - don't need memory expansion, nor water-resistance, considers the camera as "downgrade" counting megapixels differences rather than aperture, nor the S Pen's 4096 levels of pressure sensitivity, nor the iris scanner, nor the bigger battery.; We all know they want a Note7, and the scratch-prone of its screen is that last excuse they are looking for of NOT getting this more functional device.; But here we have it - Note7 being way better than the Note.5, especially having MEMORY EXPANSION.
Amazing spec, but 64gb for my dual Sim is simply not enough for my 300 apps & music. Hell to the engineers that invented the hybrid slot! So no dedicated slot for a SD card or no 128gb in Europe = no purchase until the next version or some other Chinese mobile; Amazing spec, but 64gb for my dual Sim is simply not enough for my 300 apps & music. Hell to the engineers that invented the hybrid slot! So no dedicated slot for a SD card or no 128gb in Europe = no purchase until the next version or some other Chinese mobile
[deleted post]Whatever you say, it doesn't change the fact Gorilla Glass 4 is worst. GG4 more prone to cracking. I assumed you prefer the older generation gorilla glass then.; Whatever you say, it doesn't change the fact Gorilla Glass 4 is worst. GG4 more prone to cracking. I assumed you prefer the older generation gorilla glass then.
Myksy, 21 Aug 2016The only thing i dont like about my note 7 is the plastic thing that covered the camera flash.... moreEbay sells these camera lens covers,or by a Sticker to protect the Back and they include a camera lens sticker,as i have one on the S7 Edge,as glass is a Finger magnet; Ebay sells these camera lens covers,or by a Sticker to protect the Back and they include a camera lens sticker,as i have one on the S7 Edge,as glass is a Finger magnet
I want to buy this phone plsss provide how is the battery backup and screen on time??????
 how is the speaker quality o f this phone; I want to buy this phone plsss provide how is the battery backup and screen on time??????; how is the speaker quality o f this phone
Anonymous, 21 Aug 2016Because is useless and have distorted soundAgreed and nailed it!; Agreed and nailed it!
PTN, 21 Aug 2016Samsung should put screen protection with the unit out of the box since the screen is downgrad... moreIt should have a screen protector attached with phone on both sides instead of putting it in box.
 It has screen protectors in back and front but with specs like things.; It should have a screen protector attached with phone on both sides instead of putting it in box.; It has screen protectors in back and front but with specs like things.
mEMES, 21 Aug 2016non removable battery not a good thing.Non removable battery is better(proved by experts).
 And most phones lack removable battery.So,don't make it a big issue.; Non removable battery is better(proved by experts).; And most phones lack removable battery.So,don't make it a big issue.
Anonymous, 21 Aug 2016Scratches easily and NO curved glass protector fits EDGE screens totally. So i skip this .Scratches are not a big deal.
 It has (first ever phone having)cgg5 on both sides,brighest phone,(first ever phone with)dual edge screen,(too much)improved s pen,IP68 certified(dust and water proof),sAMOLED 5.7 inches(big) screen,1440×2560 pixels(518 ppi pixel density),(first ever and improved)grace ui,always on display,exynos 8890 chipset(octa core with great benchmark),mali-T880m12(great gpu),4 gb ram with 64 gb rom,expandable storage,same cameras of S7E(which won a lot of awards for camera),(first ever samsung phone with)type c connector,(first ever phone with)iris scanner which is great,SpO2,fast charging,wireless charging,3500mAh(large battery),HDR display.
 It is world's best.; Scratches are not a big deal.; It has (first ever phone having)cgg5 on both sides,brighest phone,(first ever phone with)dual edge screen,(too much)improved s pen,IP68 certified(dust and water proof),sAMOLED 5.7 inches(big) screen,1440×2560 pixels(518 ppi pixel density),(first ever and improved)grace ui,always on display,exynos 8890 chipset(octa core with great benchmark),mali-T880m12(great gpu),4 gb ram with 64 gb rom,expandable storage,same cameras of S7E(which won a lot of awards for camera),(first ever samsung phone with)type c connector,(first ever phone with)iris scanner which is great,SpO2,fast charging,wireless charging,3500mAh(large battery),HDR display.; It is world's best.
Anonymous, 21 Aug 2016claims marshmallow, and android is coming out with logat??? so outdated in a couple months? no... moreNote 7 will get android N after 2 months of release be experts,critics,google and company.
 So,it will be getting N in October.
 So,it is not outdated.; Note 7 will get android N after 2 months of release be experts,critics,google and company.; So,it will be getting N in October.; So,it is not outdated.
Mario , 21 Aug 2016Why no radio ??Because is useless and have distorted sound; Because is useless and have distorted sound
Two main reasons why I want Note7 over any other phone - 
 
 64gb internal storage.. The American version of the S7 edge only has 32gb. I like downloading from torrent sites using Flud or uTorrent. Some entire TV series on Pirate Bay is as high as 30+gb. I refuse to get a Xiaomi Mi 5, OnePlus 3, and iPhone 7 lacks a micro-sd slot. That's a huge red flag. 
 
 Gear VR. This applies to several Samsung phones too but Gear VR is the cheapest to experience VR smut! ;) LG 360 VR cost double and is rated poorly. Oculus Rift, PlayStation VR, and HTC Vive are all costly and require wires being attached. The Gear VR is something I plan using with all the movies and TV shows I downloaded from torrent sites. 
 
 Add in the best display, great camera, design, and battery life.
 
 The only advantages S7 edge has over Note7 - 
 
 + Cheaper
 + Slightly smaller
 + More scratch-resistance from GG4 
 + Slightly better battery life but S7 edge lacks the feature to lower the resolution 
 
 The fairly average speaker loudness is a push for both. S7 edge also lacks the S-Pen and all the valuable features it can offer. It lacks Type-C which is the future standard. I don't care about the iris scanner but it is there for extra security. The deciding factor between both goes back to the first reason. 64gb v 32gb internal. And also the S-Pen where I can write reminders to myself on the lockscreen like a Post-It or can easily make gifs. For a little extra, get the best of the best!; Two main reasons why I want Note7 over any other phone -; 64gb internal storage.. The American version of the S7 edge only has 32gb. I like downloading from torrent sites using Flud or uTorrent. Some entire TV series on Pirate Bay is as high as 30+gb. I refuse to get a Xiaomi Mi 5, OnePlus 3, and iPhone 7 lacks a micro-sd slot. That's a huge red flag.; Gear VR. This applies to several Samsung phones too but Gear VR is the cheapest to experience VR smut! ;) LG 360 VR cost double and is rated poorly. Oculus Rift, PlayStation VR, and HTC Vive are all costly and require wires being attached. The Gear VR is something I plan using with all the movies and TV shows I downloaded from torrent sites.; Add in the best display, great camera, design, and battery life.; The only advantages S7 edge has over Note7 -; + Cheaper; + Slightly smaller; + More scratch-resistance from GG4; + Slightly better battery life but S7 edge lacks the feature to lower the resolution; The fairly average speaker loudness is a push for both. S7 edge also lacks the S-Pen and all the valuable features it can offer. It lacks Type-C which is the future standard. I don't care about the iris scanner but it is there for extra security. The deciding factor between both goes back to the first reason. 64gb v 32gb internal. And also the S-Pen where I can write reminders to myself on the lockscreen like a Post-It or can easily make gifs. For a little extra, get the best of the best!
PTN, 21 Aug 2016Samsung should put screen protection with the unit out of the box since the screen is downgrad... moreDowngraded? what do you mean by that?; Downgraded? what do you mean by that?
Optional, 20 Aug 2016Samsung Galaxy Note 7 is a must-have flagship phone as of now. Tougher, more features, better ... moreFlagship for how long, 1 month or 2? Wait a little while and Note 8 or 9 will be released :); Flagship for how long, 1 month or 2? Wait a little while and Note 8 or 9 will be released :)
Why no radio ??; Why no radio ??
[deleted post]That's a massive exaggeration, mate, and you know it.; That's a massive exaggeration, mate, and you know it.
Samsung should put screen protection with the unit out of the box since the screen is downgraded from Note 5 screen. There are cheap phones with CG4 and provide free screen protection in the unit package. Why not an $850 phone?; Samsung should put screen protection with the unit out of the box since the screen is downgraded from Note 5 screen. There are cheap phones with CG4 and provide free screen protection in the unit package. Why not an $850 phone?
IRFAN HAMEED, 19 Aug 2016When it will available in PakistanIts available for pre order in PK; Its available for pre order in PK
The only thing i dont like about my note 7 is the plastic thing that covered the camera flash. I tried scratching it with my nail or rough cloth and it scratched! Its not really visible though. Everything else is fine but that. Just wondering why they didnt cover it with gorilla glass.
 I still love my phone; The only thing i dont like about my note 7 is the plastic thing that covered the camera flash. I tried scratching it with my nail or rough cloth and it scratched! Its not really visible though. Everything else is fine but that. Just wondering why they didnt cover it with gorilla glass.; I still love my phone
Julliard, 20 Aug 2016Ever heard of palm rejection on S7 Edge? Yes, we have that on Note7 too. Spen sucks up battery... moreWell said! After purchasing the galaxy S4 I said I would never get a samsung ever again and after a Sony and HTC since then I've eaten my words and got the note 7. Its been 3 days now and I don't have any regrets this phone is great; Well said! After purchasing the galaxy S4 I said I would never get a samsung ever again and after a Sony and HTC since then I've eaten my words and got the note 7. Its been 3 days now and I don't have any regrets this phone is great
Getting my hands on the note 7 in a week's time. Can't friggin wait!; Getting my hands on the note 7 in a week's time. Can't friggin wait!
pentel, 21 Aug 2016Wish the Note 7 comes in a flat screen version as well.I would have preferred the flat screen but the edge display is fine. It looks better but costs more. Apart from that the function is the same. The curves are a lot less pronounced that the s7 edge.; I would have preferred the flat screen but the edge display is fine. It looks better but costs more. Apart from that the function is the same. The curves are a lot less pronounced that the s7 edge.
Anonymous, 21 Aug 2016claims marshmallow, and android is coming out with logat??? so outdated in a couple months? no... moreYou clearly have no idea and are making yourself look silly. Android 6 is the current release. Even if 6.1 comes it will be a minor update. Troll elsewhere.; You clearly have no idea and are making yourself look silly. Android 6 is the current release. Even if 6.1 comes it will be a minor update. Troll elsewhere.
Still Note 4 is worth the price as Note 7 is costly with only minor differences with Note 4. Note 4 rocks.; Still Note 4 is worth the price as Note 7 is costly with only minor differences with Note 4. Note 4 rocks.
Bunyip22, 21 Aug 2016 The more I use the note 7 the more I like it. The camera is simply amazing. I got great ... moreBrilliant (and congratulations!!)
 
 The camera is fairly impressive.
 I too a few shots attempting to get aberrations (light aroung highly contrasting edges being mismatched, often a purple 'blur'), and even around frame edges I haven't picked up any examples... I would say the lens is 'very sound'.. could easily be software tricks/I haven't been looking at the RAW files.
 
 Android 6 variant on Note 7 blows away android Android 6 on Note 4.
 A lot of customisation is here and the wbole thing is noticably improved.
 
 Admittedly, couldn't use inbuilt system transfer (that fired up on startup, nor since.. both phones NFC is on, bluetooth paired and same wifi network... feature is broken/not guaranteed easy); could easily do cable method no doubt.
 
 Cases are a must. Spigen seems to have the right range (though avoid metal backed ones for lower SAR/better Qi...
 
 I cannot believe how much smaller this phone is from my Note (Edge).
 This is Galaxy S2 levels of cool.. (Onyx user)
 
 I haven't pulled the plastic off my unit yet... got caught out with telco not sending me a nano sim.. so still using my prior Note for calls etc
 
 Finding where to turn 'fast charge' off seemed an exercise in futility, but I had had a tiring day.. just for first few topups going with regular charging... then 'Qi' all the way....
 
 Without an activated SIM, people can easily dismiss my battery claims, but writing stuff like this, with key vibrate on, takes a toll on any battery....
 
 We consumers have to remember not all specs are created equally...
 If we keep telling manufacturers we want 'higher milliamp hour' numbers on our spec sheets... we will eventually have 5000mAh batteries that lose significant capacity after six months of use...
 I prefer batteries that give a great lifetime of use, using fastcharge and poor usage habits... no doubt like the ones in present phones by 'proper' companies ;-)
 
 Soz Bunyip, half that breakdown is for others... I know you've got your case sorted.
 I was going to include that battery rant to this same reply had it have gone to Pedro-the real slim shady... 
 
 I was too tired to write before going to bed, and wanted to see how much 'always on display' sips juice.
 
 Ps screen is incredible; fired up some '30 rock' off Presto; all family members could see the epic difference;that HDR chip isn't just a colour upscaler....; Brilliant (and congratulations!!); The camera is fairly impressive.; I too a few shots attempting to get aberrations (light aroung highly contrasting edges being mismatched, often a purple 'blur'), and even around frame edges I haven't picked up any examples... I would say the lens is 'very sound'.. could easily be software tricks/I haven't been looking at the RAW files.; Android 6 variant on Note 7 blows away android Android 6 on Note 4.; A lot of customisation is here and the wbole thing is noticably improved.; Admittedly, couldn't use inbuilt system transfer (that fired up on startup, nor since.. both phones NFC is on, bluetooth paired and same wifi network... feature is broken/not guaranteed easy); could easily do cable method no doubt.; Cases are a must. Spigen seems to have the right range (though avoid metal backed ones for lower SAR/better Qi...; I cannot believe how much smaller this phone is from my Note (Edge).; This is Galaxy S2 levels of cool.. (Onyx user); I haven't pulled the plastic off my unit yet... got caught out with telco not sending me a nano sim.. so still using my prior Note for calls etc; Finding where to turn 'fast charge' off seemed an exercise in futility, but I had had a tiring day.. just for first few topups going with regular charging... then 'Qi' all the way....; Without an activated SIM, people can easily dismiss my battery claims, but writing stuff like this, with key vibrate on, takes a toll on any battery....; We consumers have to remember not all specs are created equally...; If we keep telling manufacturers we want 'higher milliamp hour' numbers on our spec sheets... we will eventually have 5000mAh batteries that lose significant capacity after six months of use...; I prefer batteries that give a great lifetime of use, using fastcharge and poor usage habits... no doubt like the ones in present phones by 'proper' companies ;-); Soz Bunyip, half that breakdown is for others... I know you've got your case sorted.; I was going to include that battery rant to this same reply had it have gone to Pedro-the real slim shady...; I was too tired to write before going to bed, and wanted to see how much 'always on display' sips juice.; Ps screen is incredible; fired up some '30 rock' off Presto; all family members could see the epic difference;that HDR chip isn't just a colour upscaler....
Bunyip22, 21 Aug 2016 The more I use the note 7 the more I like it. The camera is simply amazing. I got great ... moreThe camera - I did state I've been borrowing the wife's S7 Edge for taking pictures and video. The motion picture function of having 3-second silent video gives a great context to the pictures you take - it's sometimes hilarious. It's so quick to launch by double-clicking the home button to capture anything quickly. Focusing is just excellent EVERY TIME. 
 
 It's the perfect tool to record your daughter's growth, like what I have been doing with my son's. She'll appreciate all these recordings in the future.
 
 That 60fps FHD video recording and now with HDR on the Note7 is gold! Video just turned out so crisp and about. Now you can even record in the rain, like with my son's first experience playing on a rainy afternoon.
 
 Yup, camera, water-resistance and the improved S Pen which quadruples the pressure-sensitivity of what I am using are the top three reasons why I got the Note7. Just waiting still for a black onyx...; The camera - I did state I've been borrowing the wife's S7 Edge for taking pictures and video. The motion picture function of having 3-second silent video gives a great context to the pictures you take - it's sometimes hilarious. It's so quick to launch by double-clicking the home button to capture anything quickly. Focusing is just excellent EVERY TIME.; It's the perfect tool to record your daughter's growth, like what I have been doing with my son's. She'll appreciate all these recordings in the future.; That 60fps FHD video recording and now with HDR on the Note7 is gold! Video just turned out so crisp and about. Now you can even record in the rain, like with my son's first experience playing on a rainy afternoon.; Yup, camera, water-resistance and the improved S Pen which quadruples the pressure-sensitivity of what I am using are the top three reasons why I got the Note7. Just waiting still for a black onyx...
non removable battery
 not a good thing.; non removable battery; not a good thing.
Collected note7 last Thursday ... And giving me problem can't be started up - Samsung staff try to restart it and successfull. Unfortunately this morning is hang again and it keep on restarting itself. I guess I'm the unlucky one to face issues after 1st day.; Collected note7 last Thursday ... And giving me problem can't be started up - Samsung staff try to restart it and successfull. Unfortunately this morning is hang again and it keep on restarting itself. I guess I'm the unlucky one to face issues after 1st day.
i got note 7 for 2 days now note 7 is the best,,, battery life is alot better than i thought last me 40 hours; i got note 7 for 2 days now note 7 is the best,,, battery life is alot better than i thought last me 40 hours
Wish the Note 7 comes in a flat screen version as well.; Wish the Note 7 comes in a flat screen version as well.
Scratches easily and NO curved glass protector fits EDGE screens totally. So i skip this
 .; Scratches easily and NO curved glass protector fits EDGE screens totally. So i skip this; .
Anonymous, 20 Aug 2016none, is out dated already, since it has the older version of android, lol~!!!!!The latest Android version is 6.0.1, Nougat isn't released yet so once it's released Samsung will update to Nougat; The latest Android version is 6.0.1, Nougat isn't released yet so once it's released Samsung will update to Nougat
Bunyip22, 20 Aug 2016Your mistaken. My note 7 is running 6.0.1.claims marshmallow, and android is coming out with logat??? so outdated in a couple months? no?? sure we can update to the latest but android phones always struggle with new updates.; claims marshmallow, and android is coming out with logat??? so outdated in a couple months? no?? sure we can update to the latest but android phones always struggle with new updates.
The more I use the note 7 the more I like it. 
 
 The camera is simply amazing. I got great photos of my 10 week old daughter last night in moderate light that wouldn't have been possible with the noise and slow focus of my note 4. The camera alone is worth the update. 
 
 The software is really well refined but the icons at the top are too small. Love the variable power torch in the notifications. The finger print reader is so quick. Love having 64GB... The 256 GB card is still coming. 
 
 I did order a thin glass front and thin plastic back. I dont know if I will use it. Unless you are putting your phone in your pocket with keys or coins I highly doubt the screen will scratch.; The more I use the note 7 the more I like it.; The camera is simply amazing. I got great photos of my 10 week old daughter last night in moderate light that wouldn't have been possible with the noise and slow focus of my note 4. The camera alone is worth the update.; The software is really well refined but the icons at the top are too small. Love the variable power torch in the notifications. The finger print reader is so quick. Love having 64GB... The 256 GB card is still coming.; I did order a thin glass front and thin plastic back. I dont know if I will use it. Unless you are putting your phone in your pocket with keys or coins I highly doubt the screen will scratch.
Anonymous, 20 Aug 2016so if I'm not mistaken....this phone is using an older version of android??? LOL. haha. Your mistaken. My note 7 is running 6.0.1.; Your mistaken. My note 7 is running 6.0.1.
wait for iphone 7pro all new feature; wait for iphone 7pro all new feature
so if I'm not mistaken....this phone is using an older version of android??? LOL. haha.; so if I'm not mistaken....this phone is using an older version of android??? LOL. haha.
Samsung Galaxy Note 7 is a must-have flagship phone as of now. Tougher, more features, better but easier to scratch. The scratch is not a big deal, right?; Samsung Galaxy Note 7 is a must-have flagship phone as of now. Tougher, more features, better but easier to scratch. The scratch is not a big deal, right?
spideyy, 20 Aug 2016s7 edge or note 7 ... which is best to buy??? plzz help me dude.. Note 7 man lol; Note 7 man lol
spideyy, 20 Aug 2016s7 edge or note 7 ... which is best to buy??? plzz help me dude.. none, is out dated already, since it has the older version of android, lol~!!!!!; none, is out dated already, since it has the older version of android, lol~!!!!!
note 7 flop, 20 Aug 2016what is the benefit for this phone...what is the differ from other phone...it really useless p... moreComparing note 7 with note 4.Really!
 It has (first ever phone having)cgg5 on both sides,brighest phone,(first ever phone with)dual edge screen,(too much)improved s pen,IP68 certified(dust and water proof),sAMOLED 5.7 inches(big) screen,1440×2560 pixels(518 ppi pixel density),(first ever and improved)grace ui,always on display,exynos 8890 chipset(octa core with great benchmark),mali-T880m12(great gpu),4 gb ram with 64 gb rom,expandable storage,same cameras of S7E(which won a lot of awards for camera),(first ever samsung phone with)type c connector,(first ever phone with)iris scanner which is great,SpO2,fast charging,wireless charging,3500mAh(large battery),HDR display.
 It is world's best.(probably not a flop)
 Don't spread baseless rumors.I have seen more than 10 videos on gaming of note 7.
 After gaming,everyone did a heating teat and note 7 was warm(like all phones),not hot.
 So,water resistance is a negative point in a phone.F**k off.
 How in the world is iris scanner complicated?
 First close all apps running in back then open camera and note battery and time.
 If not satisfied,change battery settings to max.
 Now how is type c charger a negative point.Again f**k off.
 Note 7 is worth 850$.; Comparing note 7 with note 4.Really!; It has (first ever phone having)cgg5 on both sides,brighest phone,(first ever phone with)dual edge screen,(too much)improved s pen,IP68 certified(dust and water proof),sAMOLED 5.7 inches(big) screen,1440×2560 pixels(518 ppi pixel density),(first ever and improved)grace ui,always on display,exynos 8890 chipset(octa core with great benchmark),mali-T880m12(great gpu),4 gb ram with 64 gb rom,expandable storage,same cameras of S7E(which won a lot of awards for camera),(first ever samsung phone with)type c connector,(first ever phone with)iris scanner which is great,SpO2,fast charging,wireless charging,3500mAh(large battery),HDR display.; It is world's best.(probably not a flop); Don't spread baseless rumors.I have seen more than 10 videos on gaming of note 7.; After gaming,everyone did a heating teat and note 7 was warm(like all phones),not hot.; So,water resistance is a negative point in a phone.F**k off.; How in the world is iris scanner complicated?; First close all apps running in back then open camera and note battery and time.; If not satisfied,change battery settings to max.; Now how is type c charger a negative point.Again f**k off.; Note 7 is worth 850$.
Rain Heart, 20 Aug 2016if you have money buy note 7 for sure / but i have totell you somehing from now ..battery is l... moreSo,tell him to change his battery usage mode to max mode from settings and he will get at least 2 days of on screen time for sure.
 Problem solved!(i think); So,tell him to change his battery usage mode to max mode from settings and he will get at least 2 days of on screen time for sure.; Problem solved!(i think)
Savor, 20 Aug 2016I would love if the Note7 was indestructible or was harder to scratch but should being suscept... moreAgreed.; Agreed.
Anonymous, 20 Aug 2016Correct! And raising the screen brightness will consume more battery juice. CG4 doesn't need... morecgg5 will not bend even if you mistakenly sit on it.
 But if you sit on phone with cgg4(even on S7/S7E),it will bend and make it ugly.
 So,even if it is a shame.
 It is not a shame for Samsung but it is a shame for cgg.; cgg5 will not bend even if you mistakenly sit on it.; But if you sit on phone with cgg4(even on S7/S7E),it will bend and make it ugly.; So,even if it is a shame.; It is not a shame for Samsung but it is a shame for cgg.
Anonymous, 20 Aug 2016CG5 is a downgrade from CG4. Samsung should bring back the CG4 which is not easy-to-scratch.Frankly,they will not downgrade from cgg5 to 4.
 They will wait for cgg6 most probably.; Frankly,they will not downgrade from cgg5 to 4.; They will wait for cgg6 most probably.
Anonymous, 20 Aug 2016Curved display is a nightmare with palm touches and narrow display area.. No big battery..it ... moreI am millions of people like curved screen.
 Always on display and iris scanner and even fingerprint can be turned off from settings if you want.S pen does not consume battery till you take it out.
 All the critics and the experts are saying that Note 7 has the same cameras of S7E with a improved and better software.
 S pen will not stuck at least in note 7(proved by experts).
 You talked about XA Ultra.
 It is less than a kid in front of note 7.
 XA Ultra has a smaller battery,less pixels,less resolution,no hdr,worst gpu(comparing mali t860mp2 with mali t880 mp12.Really!),processor and chipset in front of note 7,no type c,no fingerprint,no spO2,no heart rate,no gyro.no barometer,no iris scanner,worse display,worse benchmarks,worse screen type,no wate and dust proofing,less ram,less rom.
 Do you want more negative points.How can you compare XA Ultra with Note 7.Not only speed but in every aspect,note 7 is best.
 Yeah price is high but worth it.; I am millions of people like curved screen.; Always on display and iris scanner and even fingerprint can be turned off from settings if you want.S pen does not consume battery till you take it out.; All the critics and the experts are saying that Note 7 has the same cameras of S7E with a improved and better software.; S pen will not stuck at least in note 7(proved by experts).; You talked about XA Ultra.; It is less than a kid in front of note 7.; XA Ultra has a smaller battery,less pixels,less resolution,no hdr,worst gpu(comparing mali t860mp2 with mali t880 mp12.Really!),processor and chipset in front of note 7,no type c,no fingerprint,no spO2,no heart rate,no gyro.no barometer,no iris scanner,worse display,worse benchmarks,worse screen type,no wate and dust proofing,less ram,less rom.; Do you want more negative points.How can you compare XA Ultra with Note 7.Not only speed but in every aspect,note 7 is best.; Yeah price is high but worth it.
spidy, 20 Aug 2016samsung galaxy note 7 or s7 edge which is best???????plz help meif you have money buy note 7 for sure / but i have totell you somehing from now ..battery is less one day my friend , no big change between note 7 or s6 s7 or even note 5 , but i like the proccessor and water dust proof in new note 7 , but nooooo deffrent at all, battery is sucks in note 7 trust me , samsung will never think about us, by the way i have note 1,2,3,4,5 i have right now all note phones and my friends bought note 7 started complaint about the battery from now; if you have money buy note 7 for sure / but i have totell you somehing from now ..battery is less one day my friend , no big change between note 7 or s6 s7 or even note 5 , but i like the proccessor and water dust proof in new note 7 , but nooooo deffrent at all, battery is sucks in note 7 trust me , samsung will never think about us, by the way i have note 1,2,3,4,5 i have right now all note phones and my friends bought note 7 started complaint about the battery from now
its the best phone buy it you will feel the great; its the best phone buy it you will feel the great
Anonymous, 20 Aug 2016Not complimenting the glass back design but patronizing the product. What makes the difference?My personal choice is that Note7 ticks most of the boxes OF WHAT I NEED, and hits all the priority features I like about the device UNLIKE the poor excuse of the Note.5 - big battery, S Pen greatly improved for my drawing, quickest and best camera in the mobile industry, regular 64 GB base internal, water-resistance, and MEMORY EXPANSION.
 
 Iris scanner, USB Type-C, new camera user interface, secret folder, better screen management, and it comes in sleek TRUE all-black, are secondary things that even the Note.5 does NOT have.
 
 From my Note 3, I'll miss the infrared remote function, the ability to exchange my battery to triple capacity, keep my battery fresh by just buying a new one, built-in GIF editor, the old Nearby Devices function and finger hover-view.
 
 I'm overly tempted to get the readily available gold platinum anytime since my long time contract renewal since early this year, but that color is not my personality at all.
 
 I am not afraid to criticize the flaws of the device like the weak falsely advertised Gorilla Glass 5, or the difficulty of disassembling to change that sealed battery. Family members have benefited from my old Galaxy Notes by buying new batteries, and replacing them themselves.
 
 Note.5 was actually a misstep by Samsung, primarily from the lack of memory expansion, S Pen silo design flaw, and 32 GB version being not available in most regions. Just yuck. And criticism with fall of sales brought memory expansion back.
 
 And here came the Note7, with its bells and whistles. What did you think that I'll never move on from the Note 3?; My personal choice is that Note7 ticks most of the boxes OF WHAT I NEED, and hits all the priority features I like about the device UNLIKE the poor excuse of the Note.5 - big battery, S Pen greatly improved for my drawing, quickest and best camera in the mobile industry, regular 64 GB base internal, water-resistance, and MEMORY EXPANSION.; Iris scanner, USB Type-C, new camera user interface, secret folder, better screen management, and it comes in sleek TRUE all-black, are secondary things that even the Note.5 does NOT have.; From my Note 3, I'll miss the infrared remote function, the ability to exchange my battery to triple capacity, keep my battery fresh by just buying a new one, built-in GIF editor, the old Nearby Devices function and finger hover-view.; I'm overly tempted to get the readily available gold platinum anytime since my long time contract renewal since early this year, but that color is not my personality at all.; I am not afraid to criticize the flaws of the device like the weak falsely advertised Gorilla Glass 5, or the difficulty of disassembling to change that sealed battery. Family members have benefited from my old Galaxy Notes by buying new batteries, and replacing them themselves.; Note.5 was actually a misstep by Samsung, primarily from the lack of memory expansion, S Pen silo design flaw, and 32 GB version being not available in most regions. Just yuck. And criticism with fall of sales brought memory expansion back.; And here came the Note7, with its bells and whistles. What did you think that I'll never move on from the Note 3?
rocky, 20 Aug 2016how is the batterybackup of this phone??????It will not last a day if you will put screen protector because you will end up raising the brightness to make it clearer, and more brightness will consume more battery.
 Better stay away form a phone with CG5.; It will not last a day if you will put screen protector because you will end up raising the brightness to make it clearer, and more brightness will consume more battery.; Better stay away form a phone with CG5.
I would love if the Note7 was indestructible or was harder to scratch but should being susceptible to scratches deprive me from...? 
 
 + Beautiful display with HDR
 + Beautiful design
 + Great camera
 + Excellent battery life
 + Dust/water-resistance 
 + 64gb internal storage 
 + S Pen which can translate words 
 + Ability to lower resolution to 720p or 1080p
 + Gif makers
 + Type-C which the S7 edge doesn't have
 + Free 256gb micro-sd card or Gear Fit 2
 + New $100 Gear VR for VR smut and Netflix! 
 + More shatterproof than Gorilla Glass 4
 
 Gee, once we get the Note7, let's go find razor blades and coins to go scratch the screen! Gimme a break. If those itty-bitty scratches bother you so much, don't buy it. Stick to your S7 edge or whatever suits your needs or budget. There will still be millions and millions more who don't care about something so petty if you look at Note7's positives. 
 
 The best smartphone of the year. S7 edge got demoted to #2. The rest of the competition is fighting for 3rd place.; I would love if the Note7 was indestructible or was harder to scratch but should being susceptible to scratches deprive me from...?; + Beautiful display with HDR; + Beautiful design; + Great camera; + Excellent battery life; + Dust/water-resistance; + 64gb internal storage; + S Pen which can translate words; + Ability to lower resolution to 720p or 1080p; + Gif makers; + Type-C which the S7 edge doesn't have; + Free 256gb micro-sd card or Gear Fit 2; + New $100 Gear VR for VR smut and Netflix!; + More shatterproof than Gorilla Glass 4; Gee, once we get the Note7, let's go find razor blades and coins to go scratch the screen! Gimme a break. If those itty-bitty scratches bother you so much, don't buy it. Stick to your S7 edge or whatever suits your needs or budget. There will still be millions and millions more who don't care about something so petty if you look at Note7's positives.; The best smartphone of the year. S7 edge got demoted to #2. The rest of the competition is fighting for 3rd place.
s7 edge or note 7 ...
 which is best to buy??? 
 plzz help me dude..; s7 edge or note 7 ...; which is best to buy???; plzz help me dude..
samsung galaxy note 7 or s7 edge
 which is best???????plz help me; samsung galaxy note 7 or s7 edge; which is best???????plz help me
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 20 Aug 2016If you haven't gotten the hint, I was not exactly complimenting the glass back design. Even no... moreNot complimenting the glass back design but patronizing the product.
 What makes the difference?; Not complimenting the glass back design but patronizing the product.; What makes the difference?
Savor, 20 Aug 2016LOL at all the butthurt people worrying about scratches like you broke a nail. Listen, I hate ... moreThe fact that you used "butt hurt" and "glass rears" in your 1st two sentences makes me question the true motive of your post.
 
 But anyways, since you have you have the expendable cash to switch between multiple phones, why stop there? Go on out and grab a Porsche, and if someone keys it; don't worry - it's equivalent to a broken fingernail.; The fact that you used "butt hurt" and "glass rears" in your 1st two sentences makes me question the true motive of your post.; But anyways, since you have you have the expendable cash to switch between multiple phones, why stop there? Go on out and grab a Porsche, and if someone keys it; don't worry - it's equivalent to a broken fingernail.
Anonymous, 20 Aug 2016Curved display is a nightmare with palm touches and narrow display area.. No big battery..it ... moreEver heard of palm rejection on S7 Edge? Yes, we have that on Note7 too. Spen sucks up battery? What are you talking about? Spen is not like Apple Pencil. It is not a rechargable stylus using battery. Always-on-display only use 1% of the battery. Iris scanner eats battery? Yeah, that a great excuse(sarcasm). Its like saying the 12mp camera eats battery. You dumb? Its only activated when being used. Spen don't stuck anymore. The design of the slot is tapered inside so that the spen only go in one direction only. It can't be inserted backward. The scratch problem is very minor ones. I opt for crack free vs scratch free any day. You want a phone that can't be scratch you would have to trade for a more fragile, breakable, crackable glass. You want a phone that don't crack at all you have to trade that feature with a softer glass that absorb impact very very well. You can't have both. Unless you buy a tempered glass.; Ever heard of palm rejection on S7 Edge? Yes, we have that on Note7 too. Spen sucks up battery? What are you talking about? Spen is not like Apple Pencil. It is not a rechargable stylus using battery. Always-on-display only use 1% of the battery. Iris scanner eats battery? Yeah, that a great excuse(sarcasm). Its like saying the 12mp camera eats battery. You dumb? Its only activated when being used. Spen don't stuck anymore. The design of the slot is tapered inside so that the spen only go in one direction only. It can't be inserted backward. The scratch problem is very minor ones. I opt for crack free vs scratch free any day. You want a phone that can't be scratch you would have to trade for a more fragile, breakable, crackable glass. You want a phone that don't crack at all you have to trade that feature with a softer glass that absorb impact very very well. You can't have both. Unless you buy a tempered glass.
Does anyone know whether note 7 gps require internet connection to work or does it work on its own?; Does anyone know whether note 7 gps require internet connection to work or does it work on its own?
Anonymous, 20 Aug 2016Correct! And raising the screen brightness will consume more battery juice. CG4 doesn't need... moreLOL at all the butthurt people worrying about scratches like you broke a nail. Listen, I hate glass rears. I can be OCD myself with fingerprints. But I told myself why should something so superficially minor ruin my enjoyment USING the phone? Most of us USE our phone. Not stare at it all day to check for scratches. Again, it would be a dealbreaker if the Note7 glass cracked like the Nexus 4 rear did but it doesn't. 
 
 I would rather have shatterproof glass than scratchproof. In a perfect world, we would get it all and a perfect smartphone does exist. But we don't live in one and an indestructible perfect smartphone doesn't exist. Just weigh the pros and cons, people. Whining about scratches when we are still getting the best smartphone of the year with a free 256gb micro-sd card or Gear Fit 2 sounds petty. 
 
 Enjoy the phone. Stop worrying about superficial nonsense like that. Don't let OCD folks become a buzz kill. My boxers would be too busy crying from tears of joy watching VR adult stars than crying about scratches! I rotate between five phones to NOT care. Got better things to do and bigger problems to worry about than scratching a nail or phone.; LOL at all the butthurt people worrying about scratches like you broke a nail. Listen, I hate glass rears. I can be OCD myself with fingerprints. But I told myself why should something so superficially minor ruin my enjoyment USING the phone? Most of us USE our phone. Not stare at it all day to check for scratches. Again, it would be a dealbreaker if the Note7 glass cracked like the Nexus 4 rear did but it doesn't.; I would rather have shatterproof glass than scratchproof. In a perfect world, we would get it all and a perfect smartphone does exist. But we don't live in one and an indestructible perfect smartphone doesn't exist. Just weigh the pros and cons, people. Whining about scratches when we are still getting the best smartphone of the year with a free 256gb micro-sd card or Gear Fit 2 sounds petty.; Enjoy the phone. Stop worrying about superficial nonsense like that. Don't let OCD folks become a buzz kill. My boxers would be too busy crying from tears of joy watching VR adult stars than crying about scratches! I rotate between five phones to NOT care. Got better things to do and bigger problems to worry about than scratching a nail or phone.
Anonymous, 20 Aug 2016Look who used to ridicule the glass material of Note 5, now he bought S7 Edge and Note 7 which... moreIf you haven't gotten the hint, I was not exactly complimenting the glass back design. Even now.
 
 I still have a choice of getting other choices, but Galaxy Note is the only with a Wacom active digitizer pen, and the best camera.; If you haven't gotten the hint, I was not exactly complimenting the glass back design. Even now.; I still have a choice of getting other choices, but Galaxy Note is the only with a Wacom active digitizer pen, and the best camera.
how is the batterybackup of this phone??????; how is the batterybackup of this phone??????
absolut-allen, 20 Aug 2016I agree on the screen protectors. Not only are they a pain to put on properly, but even the ex... moreCorrect! And raising the screen brightness will consume more battery juice.
 CG4 doesn't need screen protector. CG5 is easy to scratch even with normal materials, such a shame. Normal clothes can easily scratch the CG5 therefore even by just putting the phone inside the pocket will scratch the screen. No way, I won't upgrade to such phone with easy-to-scratch-screen issue.; Correct! And raising the screen brightness will consume more battery juice.; CG4 doesn't need screen protector. CG5 is easy to scratch even with normal materials, such a shame. Normal clothes can easily scratch the CG5 therefore even by just putting the phone inside the pocket will scratch the screen. No way, I won't upgrade to such phone with easy-to-scratch-screen issue.
ahmed tanveer, 20 Aug 2016Why in the world will Samsung downgrade from cgg5 to 4? You should buy nokia 3310. It wont s... moreCG5 is a downgrade from CG4. Samsung should bring back the CG4 which is not easy-to-scratch.; CG5 is a downgrade from CG4. Samsung should bring back the CG4 which is not easy-to-scratch.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 19 Aug 2016Well, so much for Gorilla Glass 5 being unbreakable "80 percent" of the time. http://youtu.... moreLook who used to ridicule the glass material of Note 5, now he bought S7 Edge and Note 7 which are the also made of glass! LOL!; Look who used to ridicule the glass material of Note 5, now he bought S7 Edge and Note 7 which are the also made of glass! LOL!
ahmed tanveer, 20 Aug 2016In note 7,s pen stucking problem is solved 100%. Note 7 is the most durable phone. It not on... moreCurved display is a nightmare with palm touches and narrow display area..
 No big battery..it is 100 mah smaller than s7 edge 
 AND ""spen and always ON display and iris scnrr"" eats battery terribly
 Cameras are big drawbacks
 Spen stuck may be solved BUT many many note7 have already "PRODUCED" and these fulty note7 are ready to launch...
 Sony XA Ultra is better better than note7 excpt speed
 Moreover Corning Glass scratch problem is the most disappointing for samsung users..with jaw-dropping high price tag..
 May be..Unlucky note7; Curved display is a nightmare with palm touches and narrow display area..; No big battery..it is 100 mah smaller than s7 edge; AND ""spen and always ON display and iris scnrr"" eats battery terribly; Cameras are big drawbacks; Spen stuck may be solved BUT many many note7 have already "PRODUCED" and these fulty note7 are ready to launch...; Sony XA Ultra is better better than note7 excpt speed; Moreover Corning Glass scratch problem is the most disappointing for samsung users..with jaw-dropping high price tag..; May be..Unlucky note7
Mike, 20 Aug 2016Would this version work in Canada? Can someone help me please?Probably yes ! It's will work in Canada !; Probably yes ! It's will work in Canada !
what is the benefit for this phone...what is the differ from other phone...it really useless phone.
 i used note 2 ,3 ,4, 5 also now 7 , but best phone i found note 4.
 
 note 7 : over heating , when use video camera battery going down. like when we use 5 minute capture take 7 percentage battery. , iris test complicated. camera pixels, capture photos when we zoom pixels are worst.
 
 totally flop.
 
 what do u mean by water proof. ? ( sam co. saying water and dust proof phone )
 
 usb connector ...changed... 
 
 wait for month more feed back.... dont waste money now.; what is the benefit for this phone...what is the differ from other phone...it really useless phone.; i used note 2 ,3 ,4, 5 also now 7 , but best phone i found note 4.; note 7 : over heating , when use video camera battery going down. like when we use 5 minute capture take 7 percentage battery. , iris test complicated. camera pixels, capture photos when we zoom pixels are worst.; totally flop.; what do u mean by water proof. ? ( sam co. saying water and dust proof phone ); usb connector ...changed...; wait for month more feed back.... dont waste money now.
Itumi, 19 Aug 2016No thanks, I don't like putting screen protector on a phone because it will make the resolutio... moreI agree on the screen protectors. Not only are they a pain to put on properly, but even the expensive "crystal clear" protectors still dull the screen. 
 
 So what you end up doing is raising the brightness to try to get the same crystal clear colors and brightness you see at the demo from the store.; I agree on the screen protectors. Not only are they a pain to put on properly, but even the expensive "crystal clear" protectors still dull the screen.; So what you end up doing is raising the brightness to try to get the same crystal clear colors and brightness you see at the demo from the store.
Anonymous, 20 Aug 2016Am I the only one who wishes they'd fix the S pen design?? I always put it in backwards & ... moreIn note 7,s pen stucking problem is solved 100%.
 Note 7 is the most durable phone.
 It not only has front but also has back side edge.
 They will not(probably) release flat version.
 Most of the high end phones do not have radio.
 Having no ir is a minor problem(obviosly cannot be fixed with any accessory).
 But it has (first ever phone having)cgg5 on both sides,brighest phone,(first ever phone with)dual edge screen,(too much)improved s pen,IP68 certified(dust and water proof),sAMOLED 5.7 inches(big) screen,1440×2560 pixels(518 ppi pixel density),(first ever and improved)grace ui,always on display,exynos 8890 chipset(octa core with great benchmark),mali-T880m12(great gpu),4 gb ram with 64 gb rom,expandable storage,same cameras of S7E(which won a lot of awards for camera),(first ever samsung phone with)type c connector,(first ever phone with)iris scanner which is great,SpO2,fast charging,wireless charging,3500mAh(large battery),HDR display.; In note 7,s pen stucking problem is solved 100%.; Note 7 is the most durable phone.; It not only has front but also has back side edge.; They will not(probably) release flat version.; Most of the high end phones do not have radio.; Having no ir is a minor problem(obviosly cannot be fixed with any accessory).; But it has (first ever phone having)cgg5 on both sides,brighest phone,(first ever phone with)dual edge screen,(too much)improved s pen,IP68 certified(dust and water proof),sAMOLED 5.7 inches(big) screen,1440×2560 pixels(518 ppi pixel density),(first ever and improved)grace ui,always on display,exynos 8890 chipset(octa core with great benchmark),mali-T880m12(great gpu),4 gb ram with 64 gb rom,expandable storage,same cameras of S7E(which won a lot of awards for camera),(first ever samsung phone with)type c connector,(first ever phone with)iris scanner which is great,SpO2,fast charging,wireless charging,3500mAh(large battery),HDR display.
Anonymous, 20 Aug 2016Nice try alleged architect. Easy-to-scratch silo is worse. Dropping my phone is an accident, ... moreWhy in the world will Samsung downgrade from cgg5 to 4?
 You should buy nokia 3310.
 It wont scratch or break if you drop it.; Why in the world will Samsung downgrade from cgg5 to 4?; You should buy nokia 3310.; It wont scratch or break if you drop it.
Itumi, 19 Aug 2016No thanks, I don't like putting screen protector on a phone because it will make the resolutio... moreI think you did not saw the full durability test.
 It is the most shatter proof phone.
 It does not even bend a single centimeter if you put your full energy in bending it.
 All the phone bend except note 7.
 In last of the video(from jerryrigeverything) ,he said that it is the most durable phone in the world right now.
 It is the best phone of 2016.
 And cgg5 is very good.; I think you did not saw the full durability test.; It is the most shatter proof phone.; It does not even bend a single centimeter if you put your full energy in bending it.; All the phone bend except note 7.; In last of the video(from jerryrigeverything) ,he said that it is the most durable phone in the world right now.; It is the best phone of 2016.; And cgg5 is very good.
Itumi, 19 Aug 2016How can you put a screen protector on the screen that has edges? For sure it will wrinkle.OK.It is a (minor)negative point in it.
 But it has (first ever phone having)cgg5 on both sides,brighest phone,(first ever phone with)dual edge screen,(too much)improved s pen,IP68 certified(dust and water proof),sAMOLED 5.7 inches(big) screen,1440×2560 pixels(518 ppi pixel density),(first ever and improved)grace ui,always on display,exynos 8890 chipset(octa core with great benchmark),mali-T880m12(great gpu),4 gb ram with 64 gb rom,expandable storage,same cameras of S7E(which won a lot of awards for camera),(first ever samsung phone with)type c connector,(first ever phone with)iris scanner which is great,SpO2,fast charging,wireless charging,3500mAh(large battery),HDR display.
 It is the world's best.; OK.It is a (minor)negative point in it.; But it has (first ever phone having)cgg5 on both sides,brighest phone,(first ever phone with)dual edge screen,(too much)improved s pen,IP68 certified(dust and water proof),sAMOLED 5.7 inches(big) screen,1440×2560 pixels(518 ppi pixel density),(first ever and improved)grace ui,always on display,exynos 8890 chipset(octa core with great benchmark),mali-T880m12(great gpu),4 gb ram with 64 gb rom,expandable storage,same cameras of S7E(which won a lot of awards for camera),(first ever samsung phone with)type c connector,(first ever phone with)iris scanner which is great,SpO2,fast charging,wireless charging,3500mAh(large battery),HDR display.; It is the world's best.
Would this version work in Canada? Can someone help me please?; Would this version work in Canada? Can someone help me please?
Julliard, 20 Aug 20168gb ram? LeEco doing that soon. Samsung already late to the 6gb ram party. Not that it need to... moreDon't know what your talking about because the ram on a smartphone has nothing to a laptop ram. 6 gb ram on a smartphone is like 3 gb ram on a laptop. 6 gb laptop ram is faster.; Don't know what your talking about because the ram on a smartphone has nothing to a laptop ram. 6 gb ram on a smartphone is like 3 gb ram on a laptop. 6 gb laptop ram is faster.
Anonymous, 20 Aug 2016Nice try alleged architect. Easy-to-scratch silo is worse. Dropping my phone is an accident, ... moreYou must be dreaming. They won't do it just because you say you want it. That is the way these companies are. They care less what consumers want. They want what they want. What you see is what you get.; You must be dreaming. They won't do it just because you say you want it. That is the way these companies are. They care less what consumers want. They want what they want. What you see is what you get.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 19 Aug 2016Well, so much for Gorilla Glass 5 being unbreakable "80 percent" of the time. http://youtu.... moreNice try alleged architect. Easy-to-scratch silo is worse.
 Dropping my phone is an accident, how do you expect me to record it and post to YouTube?
 My premium 64GB Note 5 drops without a cover and it didn't breaks nor any scratch on the screen.
 I hope Samsung will bring back the Corning Glass 4.; Nice try alleged architect. Easy-to-scratch silo is worse.; Dropping my phone is an accident, how do you expect me to record it and post to YouTube?; My premium 64GB Note 5 drops without a cover and it didn't breaks nor any scratch on the screen.; I hope Samsung will bring back the Corning Glass 4.
TechLord777, 19 Aug 2016Hello. Xee did an underwater-writing-test with the S-Pen of the Galaxy Note 7. In 2014, I al... more8gb ram? LeEco doing that soon. Samsung already late to the 6gb ram party. Not that it need to make such a huge jump or anything and end up getting bash for being gimmicky with 6gb ram. On the bright side, this super fast pace of smartphone tech evolving is a good thing. It makes laptop price drops drastically because laptop these days have lower specs than our phones.; 8gb ram? LeEco doing that soon. Samsung already late to the 6gb ram party. Not that it need to make such a huge jump or anything and end up getting bash for being gimmicky with 6gb ram. On the bright side, this super fast pace of smartphone tech evolving is a good thing. It makes laptop price drops drastically because laptop these days have lower specs than our phones.
Am I the only one who wishes they'd fix the S pen design?? I always put it in backwards & get it stuck! Lol What a crap design, cuz once it goes in wrong, it's nearly impossible to get it out intact. Hoping they fixed this flaw..
 I also like the Note 4's leather back better than the 5's cheap plastic one. The glass on the 7 is such a stupid idea. Can't wait to drop it. Ugh.
 & Why no IR? Or radio? & The curves.. Wish there was a flat version too!; Am I the only one who wishes they'd fix the S pen design?? I always put it in backwards & get it stuck! Lol What a crap design, cuz once it goes in wrong, it's nearly impossible to get it out intact. Hoping they fixed this flaw..; I also like the Note 4's leather back better than the 5's cheap plastic one. The glass on the 7 is such a stupid idea. Can't wait to drop it. Ugh.; & Why no IR? Or radio? & The curves.. Wish there was a flat version too!
Smartphonea we use today are more and more similar....
 In speed and performance all smartphones(in midrande & flagship )are almost the same
 Even Chinese phones touch high brand phones
 So we have to choose correctly same smartphones in terms of TWO CAMERAS (selfie&back) that are the most obvious feature between phones and other electronic devices
 Note7 cameras are very weak and has drawbacks for 2016
 Sony Xperia XA ULTRA ; Lord of the Selfie with srunning 21 mp shoter with very affordable price is the best ONE for 2016
 Note 7 may be good BUT lack innovative fearure
 Note 7 is the same 2013 note3 except "curveddisplay" that make disappoining CURVED image CURVED photos and CURVED people and CURVED text in edge portion
 Moreover this curved display waste screen area: It is smaller than 5.7" in real use due to curvy display
 This curved display offers screen broke and scratchs
 Unfortunately;Corning Gorilla Glass 5 used in note7 is easy to make stripes
 That'why is note7 is well worth to buy??; Smartphonea we use today are more and more similar....; In speed and performance all smartphones(in midrande & flagship )are almost the same; Even Chinese phones touch high brand phones; So we have to choose correctly same smartphones in terms of TWO CAMERAS (selfie&back) that are the most obvious feature between phones and other electronic devices; Note7 cameras are very weak and has drawbacks for 2016; Sony Xperia XA ULTRA ; Lord of the Selfie with srunning 21 mp shoter with very affordable price is the best ONE for 2016; Note 7 may be good BUT lack innovative fearure; Note 7 is the same 2013 note3 except "curveddisplay" that make disappoining CURVED image CURVED photos and CURVED people and CURVED text in edge portion; Moreover this curved display waste screen area: It is smaller than 5.7" in real use due to curvy display; This curved display offers screen broke and scratchs; Unfortunately;Corning Gorilla Glass 5 used in note7 is easy to make stripes; That'why is note7 is well worth to buy??
Jimmy81, 16 Aug 2016I pre-ordered the note 7 in Dubai on July 23rd and received it on August 3rd. It's been alrea... moreDo you have the dual SIM model? Can you access carrier-based WiFi calling on both SIMs?; Do you have the dual SIM model? Can you access carrier-based WiFi calling on both SIMs?
Does anyone know if this DUAL SIM model allows for WiFi Calling ...when the SIMs from the service provider allow it? If I have two carriers and the appropriate SIMs...can I use WiFi calling on both networks.
 
 Careful...I'm not talking about Skype, Viber, etc.
 
 Thank you.; Does anyone know if this DUAL SIM model allows for WiFi Calling ...when the SIMs from the service provider allow it? If I have two carriers and the appropriate SIMs...can I use WiFi calling on both networks.; Careful...I'm not talking about Skype, Viber, etc.; Thank you.
absolut-allen, 19 Aug 2016How do you like the several rumors that the S8 might be bringing back the removable battery? O... moreNice try. But I would love a removable battery. It's where I could and would get a 3x extended battery.
 
 Everyone seems so happy with current water-resistance because of the sealed hardware, and good for security of the smartphone. Until battery starts acting funny. Yeah, Samsung wants people buying every year cycle instead of changing that sealed battery. It doesn't bother them the scarcity of repair centers.
 
 Good choice on the back glass material too - likely to break and boy does it break easy on the first drop, and they'll be turned off with the high price of replair they'll just get a new one. Amazing strategy to make money.; Nice try. But I would love a removable battery. It's where I could and would get a 3x extended battery.; Everyone seems so happy with current water-resistance because of the sealed hardware, and good for security of the smartphone. Until battery starts acting funny. Yeah, Samsung wants people buying every year cycle instead of changing that sealed battery. It doesn't bother them the scarcity of repair centers.; Good choice on the back glass material too - likely to break and boy does it break easy on the first drop, and they'll be turned off with the high price of replair they'll just get a new one. Amazing strategy to make money.
Please display the market price of the mobiles if possible; Please display the market price of the mobiles if possible
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 19 Aug 2016Cool. That brings 5:42H SOT on wifi with full brightness. We shouldn't be draining the battery... moreHow do you like the several rumors that the S8 might be bringing back the removable battery? Of course you know, Note 8 would follow suit if that happens.; How do you like the several rumors that the S8 might be bringing back the removable battery? Of course you know, Note 8 would follow suit if that happens.
ahmed tanveer, 19 Aug 2016If you even buy a cheap(in price) screen protector of 2/3 $,it can take care of all scratches.... moreHow can you put a screen protector on the screen that has edges? For sure it will wrinkle.; How can you put a screen protector on the screen that has edges? For sure it will wrinkle.
ahmed tanveer, 19 Aug 2016Buy a screen protector(cheap or expensive) and this minor problem is solved. Some people did ... moreNo thanks, I don't like putting screen protector on a phone because it will make the resolution ugly! I'd rather buy a cheaper phone with Corning Gorilla Glass 4 than an expensive phone with a downgraded screen. I will wait for the next Note, I hope Corning Gorilla Glass 4 will be back.; No thanks, I don't like putting screen protector on a phone because it will make the resolution ugly! I'd rather buy a cheaper phone with Corning Gorilla Glass 4 than an expensive phone with a downgraded screen. I will wait for the next Note, I hope Corning Gorilla Glass 4 will be back.
Well, so much for Gorilla Glass 5 being unbreakable "80 percent" of the time.
 
 http://youtu.be/DKGfuct01M4 
 
 Those curved corners pretty much cracked on first impact at 1m height than a 6ft drop Corning is claiming. Gorilla Glass is tempered and chemically strengthened glass. The thing with ALL real glass like Corning's is still breakable. The 80 percent claim of not breaking is balcony - it seems the opposite. This is what most if you were asking for - glass on the back for a sort of twisted concept of "premium". WTF.
 
 I've put cases in all of my Galaxy devices, and I strongly insisted that my wife get a case for her Galaxy S7 Edge with ample elevated rubberized perimeter edges. She dropped it once, front glass facing to the concrete floor with no damage, thanks to the Spigen case.
 
 We all know from reports that it would cost $250 to replace that front panel, and probably the water-resistance will never be the same.
 
 Same problem with the Note7, if you decided to go no case at all. You can even forget getting just a bumper frame. Sticker skins or clear thin plastic will never help. Glass protection are just a waste as they break easy, making it harder for touch features, won't stick properly as cases can push them off, and they give tiny rainbow effects.
 
 I suggest thick elevated perimeter rigid cases like OtterBox series, Spigen, Tech21, or anything that prevents those curved glass corners and edges front coming in contact with the hard surface in accidental drops.
 
 Other than the front glass panel, now you even have to worry another 100 percent more of glass at the back - I really have to congratulate those who wanted this. They didn't like the flexible, more sturdy leather textured back. Samsung listened to you.
 
 I'm amazed at some who claim that their "premium" glass-backed smartphone can survive accidental drops WITHOUT ANY CASE like the video. Well, try filming it, and post your claims on YouTube.
 
 Oh, I'm still getting a Note7, and am just waiting for the black onyx to arrive. It's the camera and the S Pen are the main reasons why I'm getting it - not for its glass back, nor fragile corners.; Well, so much for Gorilla Glass 5 being unbreakable "80 percent" of the time.; Those curved corners pretty much cracked on first impact at 1m height than a 6ft drop Corning is claiming. Gorilla Glass is tempered and chemically strengthened glass. The thing with ALL real glass like Corning's is still breakable. The 80 percent claim of not breaking is balcony - it seems the opposite. This is what most if you were asking for - glass on the back for a sort of twisted concept of "premium". WTF.; I've put cases in all of my Galaxy devices, and I strongly insisted that my wife get a case for her Galaxy S7 Edge with ample elevated rubberized perimeter edges. She dropped it once, front glass facing to the concrete floor with no damage, thanks to the Spigen case.; We all know from reports that it would cost $250 to replace that front panel, and probably the water-resistance will never be the same.; Same problem with the Note7, if you decided to go no case at all. You can even forget getting just a bumper frame. Sticker skins or clear thin plastic will never help. Glass protection are just a waste as they break easy, making it harder for touch features, won't stick properly as cases can push them off, and they give tiny rainbow effects.; I suggest thick elevated perimeter rigid cases like OtterBox series, Spigen, Tech21, or anything that prevents those curved glass corners and edges front coming in contact with the hard surface in accidental drops.; Other than the front glass panel, now you even have to worry another 100 percent more of glass at the back - I really have to congratulate those who wanted this. They didn't like the flexible, more sturdy leather textured back. Samsung listened to you.; I'm amazed at some who claim that their "premium" glass-backed smartphone can survive accidental drops WITHOUT ANY CASE like the video. Well, try filming it, and post your claims on YouTube.; Oh, I'm still getting a Note7, and am just waiting for the black onyx to arrive. It's the camera and the S Pen are the main reasons why I'm getting it - not for its glass back, nor fragile corners.
SSSS, 18 Aug 2016Who uses radio on a cellphone? wtf?Me and million others around the world...Any problem?; Me and million others around the world...Any problem?
When it will available in Pakistan; When it will available in Pakistan
Too bad, still no IR (infrared) blaster on this phone. I've been waiting for Samsung to add it back, a great feature to control other compatible electronic devices.; Too bad, still no IR (infrared) blaster on this phone. I've been waiting for Samsung to add it back, a great feature to control other compatible electronic devices.
Forgot to mention: FLAC audio codec: If they had 5.1-Microphones, the Audio and Video recorder (see HTC One M10) could make great use of it. The One M10 just does not have sufficient microhpones.
 Android 7 should give users the possiblity, to choose, which storage applications should be able to access to and which one not: MicroSD, Internal, OTG, and whatever device. Maybe, USB-C-3.1 can exhaust and max out firewire. Or at least make more use of it with an adapter. But let's not drift off-topic.
 
 
 Here is, what shortcuts (costumizable of course) and improvements they could have used: too:
 -2x Home: INSTANTLY start video recording 
 -3x Home: INSTANTLY start slow-motion recording (with previous camera settings, or shortcut-associated settings)
 -Hold physical shutter key for at least half a second: Start burst-shot right away. When the RAM is full, keep shooting slower (long-haul-burst), until ENOSPC, overheat or weak battery comes.
 -2x shutter-key: take a photo and continue running the camera-application.
 -3x shutter-key: Quick snapshot: just take a photo, and do not open the camera application. Treat this photo like a screenshot, but save it in the camera folder. Write into EXIF-data, which kind of shortcut has been used.-
 -Tap-to-shoot-mode: shoot a photo, when the shutter button is PRESSED, not released.
 -Absolute zero-chain-shutter lag: like iPhone: ALWAYS react, when shutter is pressed. Not just sometimes. Example: The Galaxy S5 had a very variable shutter lag. Sometimes, the shutter-key reacted faster during chain-shooting. Sometimes, the camera did not react. Sometimes, it refocuses for no reason, even if the current focus is correct. This can be very irritating and even annoying.
 -Place the camera in the corner (already mentioned)
 
 
 Very important: I noticed, how much smoother 60fps is than 30fps. Combinig this with 2160p would be godlike.
 I could also keep talking about DCi-4K@48fps (13MPx would be better, because the image sensor would even have a few pixels to spare for slight sensor-internal stabilization) and how the S5 is able to take 4000&#10006;3000-pictures during recording a 4:3-video (12 cheated pixels), but that's too much off-topic.; Forgot to mention: FLAC audio codec: If they had 5.1-Microphones, the Audio and Video recorder (see HTC One M10) could make great use of it. The One M10 just does not have sufficient microhpones.; Android 7 should give users the possiblity, to choose, which storage applications should be able to access to and which one not: MicroSD, Internal, OTG, and whatever device. Maybe, USB-C-3.1 can exhaust and max out firewire. Or at least make more use of it with an adapter. But let's not drift off-topic.; Here is, what shortcuts (costumizable of course) and improvements they could have used: too:; -2x Home: INSTANTLY start video recording; -3x Home: INSTANTLY start slow-motion recording (with previous camera settings, or shortcut-associated settings); -Hold physical shutter key for at least half a second: Start burst-shot right away. When the RAM is full, keep shooting slower (long-haul-burst), until ENOSPC, overheat or weak battery comes.; -2x shutter-key: take a photo and continue running the camera-application.; -3x shutter-key: Quick snapshot: just take a photo, and do not open the camera application. Treat this photo like a screenshot, but save it in the camera folder. Write into EXIF-data, which kind of shortcut has been used.-; -Tap-to-shoot-mode: shoot a photo, when the shutter button is PRESSED, not released.; -Absolute zero-chain-shutter lag: like iPhone: ALWAYS react, when shutter is pressed. Not just sometimes. Example: The Galaxy S5 had a very variable shutter lag. Sometimes, the shutter-key reacted faster during chain-shooting. Sometimes, the camera did not react. Sometimes, it refocuses for no reason, even if the current focus is correct. This can be very irritating and even annoying.; -Place the camera in the corner (already mentioned); Very important: I noticed, how much smoother 60fps is than 30fps. Combinig this with 2160p would be godlike.; I could also keep talking about DCi-4K@48fps (13MPx would be better, because the image sensor would even have a few pixels to spare for slight sensor-internal stabilization) and how the S5 is able to take 4000&#10006;3000-pictures during recording a 4:3-video (12 cheated pixels), but that's too much off-topic.
abdullah87, 19 Aug 2016I have love samsung products and I have turned many people to use its products over the past f... moreYeah, that's exactly what I forgot to mention.
 I expected a much larger, 5120-mAh-Battery. 
 But the Note 3 still works very well, as it is. It has a crappy and slow camera without optical image stabilization, but it had USB 3.0! It's not as fast as the Note 7's USB-C 3.1, but it beats up Note 4, S6 (including variants), Note 5 and S7. The Note 3 beats it's successors in many way. For a long time, it was the only 4K-Video-recording, USB 3.0-having, Temperature/Humidity-Sensor-having, 3-Microphone-having, S-Pen-having, SmartScreen+AirView-having device. I also expected the Note 7 to have a pressure-sensitive touchscreen and home-key. Many third-party applications could start so much with it. That's practical.
 But just because a new phone comes out, that does not mean, that an old device gets worse! It's like somebody showing you the middle finger and insulting you. That's just a word! And everybody could do this! If it really was so easy to insult everybody, that would lead to disaster.
 The Note 3 is still the Note 3, the leading flagship from 2013, even if the Note 7 comes out.
 It just RELATIVELY gets worse. But that does not change, what and how you can use your device at all. It does not ABSOLUTELY get worse. 
 
 
 Unicode test: &#9786;&#8252; &#8252;; Yeah, that's exactly what I forgot to mention.; I expected a much larger, 5120-mAh-Battery.; But the Note 3 still works very well, as it is. It has a crappy and slow camera without optical image stabilization, but it had USB 3.0! It's not as fast as the Note 7's USB-C 3.1, but it beats up Note 4, S6 (including variants), Note 5 and S7. The Note 3 beats it's successors in many way. For a long time, it was the only 4K-Video-recording, USB 3.0-having, Temperature/Humidity-Sensor-having, 3-Microphone-having, S-Pen-having, SmartScreen+AirView-having device. I also expected the Note 7 to have a pressure-sensitive touchscreen and home-key. Many third-party applications could start so much with it. That's practical.; But just because a new phone comes out, that does not mean, that an old device gets worse! It's like somebody showing you the middle finger and insulting you. That's just a word! And everybody could do this! If it really was so easy to insult everybody, that would lead to disaster.; The Note 3 is still the Note 3, the leading flagship from 2013, even if the Note 7 comes out.; It just RELATIVELY gets worse. But that does not change, what and how you can use your device at all. It does not ABSOLUTELY get worse.; Unicode test: &#9786;&#8252;	&#8252;
Hello.
 Xee did an underwater-writing-test with the S-Pen of the Galaxy Note 7.
 In 2014, I already had the idea, if I was TechRax, GizmoSlip, etc. to make an underwater writing test with the Note 8.0 (not to be confused with the coming Note 8 or whatever) and the Note 10.1.
 But that's awesome. Finally, a way to use the device underwater.
 They should have done this test with the Note 5 last year. I had that idea, but I wonder, why nobody else had this idea.
 
 Here is, how the device could have been improved:
 -6 or 8 GB of RAM
 -2160p@60fps-recording
 -1080p@120fps (slowing down, and having 60fps to spare)
 -or 1440p@120fps, 1080p@180fps, 720p@360fps, 480p@480fps, 240p@960fps
 -LG-V10-Like keyboard (and NumPad from GT-i8000)
 -LG-V10-like camera-application (set resolution, framerate and bitrate independent from each other + more manual video control + L/R-microphone status)
 -5.1-Cinema-Microphone.
 -Physical shutter button (like Xperia/i8000) (if possible: with integrated zoom knob)
 -camera application would allow only LOSSLESS digital zoom + accessing settings (like FDR-AXP33).
 -Write sensor data in metadata during recording instead of VDiS-boost, which saves ressources, and both versions can be kept
 -Write metadata/EXIF of all still frames of HDR + keep original.
 -Show EXiF in the gallery (was removed in Note 4 for no reason)
 -Costumizable camera application (was removed in S6)
 -Revert all changes of Hyun Yeul Liar. (they reduced menus, removed icons in context-menus and navigation bars, less important noifications, etc. everybody, who intimidates Samsung to do that should watch ksa5HKcqrW8.)
 -Place camera in the Sony/iPhone-corner, so that it can't be covered by accident. Even the best phone camera in the entire world can be covered by accident, if placed badly.
 -if I forgot to mention anything, I will reply to this comment to complete itÂ…
 
 
 I actually use our N9005 much more frequently, tha our G935F, just because of that S-Pen! If you once used that pen, using the finger is a torture. It feels like all other smartphones are so much restricted to the finger, which is not nearly as precise.
 The S7 has triple performance of the Note 3, but there is barely any difference! One can't feel the difference of just a few milleseconds.; Hello.; Xee did an underwater-writing-test with the S-Pen of the Galaxy Note 7.; In 2014, I already had the idea, if I was TechRax, GizmoSlip, etc. to make an underwater writing test with the Note 8.0 (not to be confused with the coming Note 8 or whatever) and the Note 10.1.; But that's awesome. Finally, a way to use the device underwater.; They should have done this test with the Note 5 last year. I had that idea, but I wonder, why nobody else had this idea.; Here is, how the device could have been improved:; -6 or 8 GB of RAM; -2160p@60fps-recording; -1080p@120fps (slowing down, and having 60fps to spare); -or 1440p@120fps, 1080p@180fps, 720p@360fps, 480p@480fps, 240p@960fps; -LG-V10-Like keyboard (and NumPad from GT-i8000); -LG-V10-like camera-application (set resolution, framerate and bitrate independent from each other + more manual video control + L/R-microphone status); -5.1-Cinema-Microphone.; -Physical shutter button (like Xperia/i8000) (if possible: with integrated zoom knob); -camera application would allow only LOSSLESS digital zoom + accessing settings (like FDR-AXP33).; -Write sensor data in metadata during recording instead of VDiS-boost, which saves ressources, and both versions can be kept; -Write metadata/EXIF of all still frames of HDR + keep original.; -Show EXiF in the gallery (was removed in Note 4 for no reason); -Costumizable camera application (was removed in S6); -Revert all changes of Hyun Yeul Liar. (they reduced menus, removed icons in context-menus and navigation bars, less important noifications, etc. everybody, who intimidates Samsung to do that should watch ksa5HKcqrW8.); -Place camera in the Sony/iPhone-corner, so that it can't be covered by accident. Even the best phone camera in the entire world can be covered by accident, if placed badly.; -if I forgot to mention anything, I will reply to this comment to complete itÂ…; I actually use our N9005 much more frequently, tha our G935F, just because of that S-Pen! If you once used that pen, using the finger is a torture. It feels like all other smartphones are so much restricted to the finger, which is not nearly as precise.; The S7 has triple performance of the Note 3, but there is barely any difference! One can't feel the difference of just a few milleseconds.
I have love samsung products and I have turned many people to use its products over the past few years...
 This was the long waiting device for me to buy , for Me the note series mean Functionality! more than anything else, being aesthetic is a bonus! but the following issues were below the expectations 
 
 Battery : not less than 4000mah. 5000mah would be amazing! 
 RAM : I was expecting nothing less than 6 GIG 
 
 I just want to tell samsung if you are worried about the thickness , well the people using big device would much care about the how much battery juice they have than 1-2 mm extra-thickness! and definitely not to carry a charger ! , 30 grams extra with big battery that satisfy the functionality would be a wise decision to go for..
 
 second they used to top the specs , the reason I mentioned the RAM is that , you want to invest in a device that would be in a good shape for the next 2-3 years , android system is RAM hungry and when you buy a NOTE series you wanted to cope up with updates for the next 2-3 years 
 
 I am waiting a device from samsung in which there is Top specs with amazing battery like Note 7 with A9pro battery (5000mah) 
 
 hypothetically speaking
 if they made two versions form the note series big Battery and regular battery , most people are going to go for the bigger battery without concern about the 1-2 mm extra thickness!; I have love samsung products and I have turned many people to use its products over the past few years...; This was the long waiting device for me to buy , for Me the note series mean Functionality! more than anything else, being aesthetic is a bonus! but the following issues were below the expectations; Battery : not less than 4000mah. 5000mah would be amazing!; RAM : I was expecting nothing less than 6 GIG; I just want to tell samsung if you are worried about the thickness , well the people using big device would much care about the how much battery juice they have than 1-2 mm extra-thickness! and definitely not to carry a charger ! , 30 grams extra with big battery that satisfy the functionality would be a wise decision to go for..; second they used to top the specs , the reason I mentioned the RAM is that , you want to invest in a device that would be in a good shape for the next 2-3 years , android system is RAM hungry and when you buy a NOTE series you wanted to cope up with updates for the next 2-3 years; I am waiting a device from samsung in which there is Top specs with amazing battery like Note 7 with A9pro battery (5000mah); hypothetically speaking; if they made two versions form the note series big Battery and regular battery , most people are going to go for the bigger battery without concern about the 1-2 mm extra thickness!
Itumi, 19 Aug 2016Take care of the screen, it is easier to scratch than Note 5 screen.Buy a screen protector(cheap or expensive) and this minor problem is solved.
 Some people did bend test on it and it had no bulk and even did not bend a single cm in test.
 All the other phones bend a little centimeters.; Buy a screen protector(cheap or expensive) and this minor problem is solved.; Some people did bend test on it and it had no bulk and even did not bend a single cm in test.; All the other phones bend a little centimeters.
Anonymous, 19 Aug 2016all this better and newer specs with scratchy screen is nothing :(If you even buy a cheap(in price) screen protector of 2/3 $,it can take care of all scratches.
 Even with this (little)problem,this is the best and the most future proof mobile in the market.; If you even buy a cheap(in price) screen protector of 2/3 $,it can take care of all scratches.; Even with this (little)problem,this is the best and the most future proof mobile in the market.
Ed, 19 Aug 2016I feel like in the next year or maybe this year Samsung will over take apple in sales Samsung ... moreSamsung has overtaken apple in sales.
 Go and watch sales of the whole world=
 1st = Samsung
 2nd = Apple
 3rd = Huawei; Samsung has overtaken apple in sales.; Go and watch sales of the whole world=; 1st = Samsung; 2nd = Apple; 3rd = Huawei
dy111, 19 Aug 2016Just received my new Note 7 and love it already.....cant give proper review cos havent been ab... moreWhich color u got?????; Which color u got?????
Anonymous, 19 Aug 2016I'm mainly on wifi downloading apps... Full power resolution and brightness. It has used 35pc... moreCool. That brings 5:42H SOT on wifi with full brightness. We shouldn't be draining the battery ALL the way to zero. So, if we only get 4:30H SOT if you use 80&#8453;. Even better if brightness is at 50&#8453;.
 
 Looks like I'll need to be carrying a powerbank once i get it.
 
 Official regular release of units for my region is in 12 hours. Update says no black onyx from where in getting it. Patience. I'm giving it a week...
 
 Glass front protector reviews aren't very positive, even with OtterBox's Alpha Glass. They seem to produce speckles of rainbows against the AMOLED pixels, and peel off because of the edges of protective cases. Pro reviews just advise not to get one. It's a lesser issue with plastic glass covers.
 
 I'm sure glad this is NOT like the Note.5 with only 32 GB, and no memory expansion. 256 GB microSD is really a sweet deal.; Cool. That brings 5:42H SOT on wifi with full brightness. We shouldn't be draining the battery ALL the way to zero. So, if we only get 4:30H SOT if you use 80&#8453;. Even better if brightness is at 50&#8453;.; Looks like I'll need to be carrying a powerbank once i get it.; Official regular release of units for my region is in 12 hours. Update says no black onyx from where in getting it. Patience. I'm giving it a week...; Glass front protector reviews aren't very positive, even with OtterBox's Alpha Glass. They seem to produce speckles of rainbows against the AMOLED pixels, and peel off because of the edges of protective cases. Pro reviews just advise not to get one. It's a lesser issue with plastic glass covers.; I'm sure glad this is NOT like the Note.5 with only 32 GB, and no memory expansion. 256 GB microSD is really a sweet deal.
absolut-allen, 18 Aug 2016And yes, as technology moves forward it's makes old tech obsolete. Who uses 8-tracks and recor... moreNo, they have been replaced by better tech, but in the case of radio no. It hasn't been replaced by anything better yet. 
 
 If something else comes with better functionality and is also free, i would say awesome. But fm radio is indeed a missing feature here. feature a high end phone must have.; No, they have been replaced by better tech, but in the case of radio no. It hasn't been replaced by anything better yet.; If something else comes with better functionality and is also free, i would say awesome. But fm radio is indeed a missing feature here. feature a high end phone must have.
I feel like in the next year or maybe this year Samsung will over take apple in sales Samsung is just better now its always been but s5 under they where decent but when the s6 came out they completely stepped up their game they showed we are going to lead innovation something apple can't do everything on apple is so basic thats why i switched when i use my phone i'm in control of what it does lit; I feel like in the next year or maybe this year Samsung will over take apple in sales Samsung is just better now its always been but s5 under they where decent but when the s6 came out they completely stepped up their game they showed we are going to lead innovation something apple can't do everything on apple is so basic thats why i switched when i use my phone i'm in control of what it does lit
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 19 Aug 2016I'd rather have the silver than the gold platinum my carrier has in stock now. Black Onyx is w... moreI'm mainly on wifi downloading apps... Full power resolution and brightness. It has used 35pct for 2 hours screen on.; I'm mainly on wifi downloading apps... Full power resolution and brightness. It has used 35pct for 2 hours screen on.
I feel like the note has a smaller edge than the edge 6 and 7 which i think is good for cases i my self have the edge plus i love the phone to death but i dropped it last week i did have a decent case on i should've got a better one my edge left screen is broken :/ its about 250 to fix so i think if i do end up getting this phone it'll be harder to crack with the case and the Gorilla glass 5 come to think about it if i get a job now i can probably pay the 250 and get the note 7 because i have jump on demand. I really hope with the new GS8 the screen will be shatter proof people say its far fetched but if you think about the moto force is about the same size as the note 7 but like i said with the curved edges it might be hard to make it shatter proof but i think they should adopt that idea for moto.; I feel like the note has a smaller edge than the edge 6 and 7 which i think is good for cases i my self have the edge plus i love the phone to death but i dropped it last week i did have a decent case on i should've got a better one my edge left screen is broken :/ its about 250 to fix so i think if i do end up getting this phone it'll be harder to crack with the case and the Gorilla glass 5 come to think about it if i get a job now i can probably pay the 250 and get the note 7 because i have jump on demand. I really hope with the new GS8 the screen will be shatter proof people say its far fetched but if you think about the moto force is about the same size as the note 7 but like i said with the curved edges it might be hard to make it shatter proof but i think they should adopt that idea for moto.
Sorry folks, no Coral Blue till next year, this is how Sammy going to sell 1st batch onyx black,@800$ now. Why it's a sale gimmick, by 2 months price drop, then blue coral will sell on premium. Just wait S7 edge has dropped 200$ flat, heavens not going to fall.; Sorry folks, no Coral Blue till next year, this is how Sammy going to sell 1st batch onyx black,@800$ now. Why it's a sale gimmick, by 2 months price drop, then blue coral will sell on premium. Just wait S7 edge has dropped 200$ flat, heavens not going to fall.
Bunyip22, 19 Aug 2016Sony z5 premium? LOL Bigger, heavier with smaller screen, 3GB vs 4GB, 32GB vs 64GB, 6... moreall this better and newer specs with scratchy screen is nothing :(; all this better and newer specs with scratchy screen is nothing :(
Can be used in Thailand as well.; Can be used in Thailand as well.
Bunyip22, 19 Aug 2016Yeah, saw that. I've order a thin black spigen case for the back and a thin tempered glass scr... morecan you post link for the screen protector which you ordered?; can you post link for the screen protector which you ordered?
dy111, 19 Aug 2016Just received my new Note 7 and love it already.....cant give proper review cos havent been ab... moreTake care of the screen, it is easier to scratch than Note 5 screen.; Take care of the screen, it is easier to scratch than Note 5 screen.
Just received my new Note 7 and love it already.....cant give proper review cos havent been able to use much yet....but the stylus is awesome and love the sensitivity....look forward to using it in business meetings!!! Seriously the best looking phone going around....; Just received my new Note 7 and love it already.....cant give proper review cos havent been able to use much yet....but the stylus is awesome and love the sensitivity....look forward to using it in business meetings!!! Seriously the best looking phone going around....
Bunyip22, 19 Aug 2016The beast arrived a few hours ago. (exynos in silver, the 256GB is still coming) Initial thou... moreI'd rather have the silver than the gold platinum my carrier has in stock now. Black Onyx is what I really want. I don't feel the blue.
 
 Please do tell us about battery performance with SOT. Reports are at almost 5 hours SOT.; I'd rather have the silver than the gold platinum my carrier has in stock now. Black Onyx is what I really want. I don't feel the blue.; Please do tell us about battery performance with SOT. Reports are at almost 5 hours SOT.
Itumi, 19 Aug 2016Don't forget to spend a little more for a quality screen protector. https://www.youtube.com... moreYeah, saw that. I've order a thin black spigen case for the back and a thin tempered glass screen protector for the front.; Yeah, saw that. I've order a thin black spigen case for the back and a thin tempered glass screen protector for the front.
Bunyip22, 19 Aug 2016The beast arrived a few hours ago. (exynos in silver, the 256GB is still coming) Initial thou... moreDon't forget to spend a little more for a quality screen protector.
 
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=571pu66vEBc; Don't forget to spend a little more for a quality screen protector.
The beast arrived a few hours ago. (exynos in silver, the 256GB is still coming)
 Initial thoughts coming from a GN4 are:
 
 - The camera is super quick and noticeably sharper even at 16:9 9MB compared with the 16MB GN4. Low light is a really big step up and focusing is super fast.
 - The silver looks great on the front, the rear is a bit shiny for my liking and a finger print magnet but i'm getting a really thin black case anyway.
 - Fingerprint scanner is a lot quicker.
 - The torch quick access from notifications is great. Power is variable.
 - I have to change my micro sim to a nano sim ... didn't even think about it
 - The screen looks better at a quick glance.
 - The S-pen feels great, writing notes on the screen without logging in is cool.
 - It is thinner and narrower which is nice but doesn't feel as secure as the faux leather back of the GN4.; The beast arrived a few hours ago. (exynos in silver, the 256GB is still coming); Initial thoughts coming from a GN4 are:; - The camera is super quick and noticeably sharper even at 16:9 9MB compared with the 16MB GN4. Low light is a really big step up and focusing is super fast.; - The silver looks great on the front, the rear is a bit shiny for my liking and a finger print magnet but i'm getting a really thin black case anyway.; - Fingerprint scanner is a lot quicker.; - The torch quick access from notifications is great. Power is variable.; - I have to change my micro sim to a nano sim ... didn't even think about it; - The screen looks better at a quick glance.; - The S-pen feels great, writing notes on the screen without logging in is cool.; - It is thinner and narrower which is nice but doesn't feel as secure as the faux leather back of the GN4.
Anonymous, 18 Aug 2016is it possible s-pen make scratch on the screen? No way. It is not damaging the screen; No way. It is not damaging the screen
absolut-allen, 18 Aug 2016Heavy duty shock absorbing case. That's a no-brainer right? Pretty logical for someone who "wa... moreThat's it, also while walking to the office, at school, in the mall... And on weekends, those family outings taking photos and video of the entire family.
 
 We've been all there relying on the best smartphones as the most used gadget, holding it out of our pockets for recording, communicating, showing pictures, projecting videos into the TV, etcetera.; That's it, also while walking to the office, at school, in the mall... And on weekends, those family outings taking photos and video of the entire family.; We've been all there relying on the best smartphones as the most used gadget, holding it out of our pockets for recording, communicating, showing pictures, projecting videos into the TV, etcetera.
I was about to buy this thing but due to Corning Gorilla Glass 5 easy-to-scratch issue, all the new features collapse and I changed my mind. I will stick to Note 5 until they bring back the Corning Gorilla Glass 4 or better wait if they will make better screen protection with the next Note phone if this is not the last.; I was about to buy this thing but due to Corning Gorilla Glass 5 easy-to-scratch issue, all the new features collapse and I changed my mind. I will stick to Note 5 until they bring back the Corning Gorilla Glass 4 or better wait if they will make better screen protection with the next Note phone if this is not the last.
Bunyip22, 19 Aug 2016Sony z5 premium? LOL Bigger, heavier with smaller screen, 3GB vs 4GB, 32GB vs 64GB, 6... moreScratch-resistant glass, oleophobic coating vs Corning Gorilla Glass 5 that is easy to scratch.
 Dual SIM with dedicated slot vs hybrid dual SIM without dedicated slot.
 LOL!; Scratch-resistant glass, oleophobic coating vs Corning Gorilla Glass 5 that is easy to scratch.; Dual SIM with dedicated slot vs hybrid dual SIM without dedicated slot.; LOL!
Itumi, 18 Aug 2016Cancel your pre order now or repent for two-year contract. http://www.gsmarena.com/note7_gori... moreSame thing I can say for every other smartphone.
 
 Yes, the Note7 is more scratch-prone, but have you seen how it could withstand bending stress? Try doing that with the iPhone.; Same thing I can say for every other smartphone.; Yes, the Note7 is more scratch-prone, but have you seen how it could withstand bending stress? Try doing that with the iPhone.
TheBeast042, 18 Aug 2016Gorilla Glass 5 sucks. https://youtu.be/571pu66vEBcS7 Active has "shatterless" all because its made of some clear plastic. That scratches even more.
 
 I'm not denying the fact that Jimmy demonstrated how more scratch-prone Gorilla Glass 5, the fingerprint scanner are less sturdier compared to others.
 
 What I also read is that the screen's AMOLED matrix is printed directly onto the front glass. It will probably cost you $300 just to have it replaced. This is how they'll take in the extra cash.
 
 Folks, all glass and metal was what you a majority of you were asking for. You got it.
 
 Always a wise thing to get everything covered and protected.; S7 Active has "shatterless" all because its made of some clear plastic. That scratches even more.; I'm not denying the fact that Jimmy demonstrated how more scratch-prone Gorilla Glass 5, the fingerprint scanner are less sturdier compared to others.; What I also read is that the screen's AMOLED matrix is printed directly onto the front glass. It will probably cost you $300 just to have it replaced. This is how they'll take in the extra cash.; Folks, all glass and metal was what you a majority of you were asking for. You got it.; Always a wise thing to get everything covered and protected.
den, 18 Aug 2016These are not water proof, they wont get damaged when wet but if water goes in the speaker the... more"the speaker the sound will never work again..."
 
 Please research. Know how water is being prevented through the speaker first, before commenting your statement.; "the speaker the sound will never work again..."; Please research. Know how water is being prevented through the speaker first, before commenting your statement.
Anonymous, 18 Aug 2016z5 premium it is has scratch resistant glass lol the new spen is thinner it may cause scratch ... moreS Pen tips are usually either plastic or rubberized. The tips aren't made of metal.; S Pen tips are usually either plastic or rubberized. The tips aren't made of metal.
Anonymous, 18 Aug 2016z5 premium it is has scratch resistant glass lol the new spen is thinner it may cause scratch ... moreSony z5 premium? LOL
 
 Bigger, heavier with smaller screen, 
 3GB vs 4GB, 
 32GB vs 64GB, 
 66 vs 90 hour battery life, 
 LCD vs AMOLED.... LOL; Sony z5 premium? LOL; Bigger, heavier with smaller screen,; 3GB vs 4GB,; 32GB vs 64GB,; 66 vs 90 hour battery life,; LCD vs AMOLED.... LOL
Anonymous, 18 Aug 2016What is radio? Its 2016 now. Wake up !Wake up to do what my friend? Chasing pokemons?; Wake up to do what my friend? Chasing pokemons?
Anonymous, 18 Aug 2016huh??? I agree!!! As for the clever ones who don't use radio going to work, i prefer to hear a good radio music station instead of some chatterboxes who think they have to inform everyone else about their personal relationships at 7:00 in the morning!!
 Some of you have misunderstood the use of the mobile phone. If you want to play games or enter in the facebook for hours get a desktop. There is no need to recharge every one hour, you have much larger screen and there is no need to carry over chargers, powerbanks etc. (Ok, you can not chase Pokemons!!!); I agree!!! As for the clever ones who don't use radio going to work, i prefer to hear a good radio music station instead of some chatterboxes who think they have to inform everyone else about their personal relationships at 7:00 in the morning!!; Some of you have misunderstood the use of the mobile phone. If you want to play games or enter in the facebook for hours get a desktop. There is no need to recharge every one hour, you have much larger screen and there is no need to carry over chargers, powerbanks etc. (Ok, you can not chase Pokemons!!!)
Anonymous, 16 Aug 2016galaxy note7 or sony z5 premium?! z5 premium it is has scratch resistant glass lol the new spen is thinner it may cause scratch on screen too !; z5 premium it is has scratch resistant glass lol the new spen is thinner it may cause scratch on screen too !
is it possible s-pen make scratch on the screen?; is it possible s-pen make scratch on the screen?
These are not water proof, they wont get damaged when wet but if water goes in the speaker the sound will never work again, your phone will but your sound wont; These are not water proof, they wont get damaged when wet but if water goes in the speaker the sound will never work again, your phone will but your sound wont
Gosh after watching this video I changed my mind, might as well stick to my Note 5:
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=571pu66vEBc; Gosh after watching this video I changed my mind, might as well stick to my Note 5:
Gorilla Glass 5 sucks.
 https://youtu.be/571pu66vEBc; Gorilla Glass 5 sucks.
oh i really disapointed the screen isn't scratch resistant . why samsung?! and home button still scratchy tipe like note 4 s6 s7 . i would buy this fone but i regret for now .; oh i really disapointed the screen isn't scratch resistant . why samsung?! and home button still scratchy tipe like note 4 s6 s7 . i would buy this fone but i regret for now .
Samsung fan in , 18 Aug 2016When this phone coming to malaysia plz reply broI saw one, my friend bought it, pre order.; I saw one, my friend bought it, pre order.
Anonymous, 18 Aug 2016ok tests show that gorilla glass is a scratch magnet . and no one can fit protector on the edg... moreThis is one thing I think most people are going to have a hard time doing - putting a screen protector on a curved screen. It's a pain to do it on a flat screen.; This is one thing I think most people are going to have a hard time doing - putting a screen protector on a curved screen. It's a pain to do it on a flat screen.
Mizan, 18 Aug 2016When we found it in Bangladesh ?Available in ctg.; Available in ctg.
why there no radio in advance smartphone; why there no radio in advance smartphone
Great :D; Great :D
[deleted post]And yes, as technology moves forward it's makes old tech obsolete. Who uses 8-tracks and records anymore? Even CD's are going out. 
 
 Do you still use floppy disks, dialup internet?; And yes, as technology moves forward it's makes old tech obsolete. Who uses 8-tracks and records anymore? Even CD's are going out.; Do you still use floppy disks, dialup internet?
[deleted post]I always thought the news was on AM radio. Well, at least it is in North America. 
 
 I don't see the point in FM radio being a feature in a phone. There are tons of highly qualified apps out there to deliver all the content you want (Samsung Milk, Pandora, etc). 
 
 Get a car, FM radio all day long.; I always thought the news was on AM radio. Well, at least it is in North America.; I don't see the point in FM radio being a feature in a phone. There are tons of highly qualified apps out there to deliver all the content you want (Samsung Milk, Pandora, etc).; Get a car, FM radio all day long.
anon, 18 Aug 2016No body uses radio anymore. lol.Read my previous post.. anyone else?; Read my previous post.. anyone else?
Cancel your pre order now or repent for two-year contract.
 http://www.gsmarena.com/note7_gorilla_glass_5_di­splay_more_likely_to_scratch-blog-20025.php; Cancel your pre order now or repent for two-year contract.
Ordered a black onyx one already last week. But I noticed something though. The blue coral color is not that widely available, even in the US. Strange. I'm pretty sure its going to be more popular than the silver one.; Ordered a black onyx one already last week. But I noticed something though. The blue coral color is not that widely available, even in the US. Strange. I'm pretty sure its going to be more popular than the silver one.
ok tests show that gorilla glass is a scratch magnet . and no one can fit protector on the edge screen .; ok tests show that gorilla glass is a scratch magnet . and no one can fit protector on the edge screen .
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 17 Aug 2016By simple drop, you mean 1m or 3ft, right? By simple drop, you mean it has to perfectly dro... moreHeavy duty shock absorbing case. That's a no-brainer right? Pretty logical for someone who "walks" around a construction site.; Heavy duty shock absorbing case. That's a no-brainer right? Pretty logical for someone who "walks" around a construction site.
When we found it in Bangladesh ?; When we found it in Bangladesh ?
Samsung fan in , 18 Aug 2016When this phone coming to malaysia plz reply broPlease wait 10th september..Insya'Allah..; Please wait 10th september..Insya'Allah..
manoleon, 17 Aug 2016No radio? I don't understand Samsung's choice not to have radio in some models. It's useful an... moreWhat is radio? Its 2016 now. Wake up !; What is radio? Its 2016 now. Wake up !
@ Night Wolf @, 18 Aug 2016It's Available Here - in Bahrain / Arabian Gulf - (( $810-850 ))it's available here in the always persian gulf ... 799$; it's available here in the always persian gulf ... 799$
I got regs on ten sites, Dubai, Jeddah, London, Hong Kong for pre order. But will never give CC no: just fr 256gb card, at 850$. Nonsense. Let it die it's natural death. Around 750$ by Dec. We will get duo's and coral blue, onyx black plenty. What's the harm!; I got regs on ten sites, Dubai, Jeddah, London, Hong Kong for pre order. But will never give CC no: just fr 256gb card, at 850$. Nonsense. Let it die it's natural death. Around 750$ by Dec. We will get duo's and coral blue, onyx black plenty. What's the harm!
When this phone coming to malaysia plz reply bro; When this phone coming to malaysia plz reply bro
Anonymous, 18 Aug 2016huh??? Yes! How can you listen to the radio when you are a foreigner in China or Saudi Arabia or Germany or Columbia, etc...
 So it is useless when you are outside your own country.; Yes! How can you listen to the radio when you are a foreigner in China or Saudi Arabia or Germany or Columbia, etc...; So it is useless when you are outside your own country.
Great; Great
It's Available Here - in Bahrain / Arabian Gulf - (( $810-850 )); It's Available Here - in Bahrain / Arabian Gulf - (( $810-850 ))
As it turns out, I will not settle for the gold platinum, as I really want black. I could change my mind any time, as the carrier agent told me. They have no definite information when supplies for the black version will be ready. Sigh. So, I am willing to wait, than settle for something that would be regretting as I may even use it for the next two years or so.
 
 The overwhelming demands from pre-orders has created shortages, and some countries have moved their launch dates as much as a month. 
 
 Otterbox is offering a limited free Alpha Glass front screen protector if I would be buying a Commuter or Symmetry case. Tempting, however reviews for the glass protector has been bad, with "rainbow effects" and dust creeping from the middle sides as the only adhesive areas are at the top and bottom to hold onto the device's front glass. Just fair warning to fellow buyers.
 
 Love the protection both Otterbox cases offer though, with very deep front lips to prevent the front glass hitting a flat ground. Back fully protected.; As it turns out, I will not settle for the gold platinum, as I really want black. I could change my mind any time, as the carrier agent told me. They have no definite information when supplies for the black version will be ready. Sigh. So, I am willing to wait, than settle for something that would be regretting as I may even use it for the next two years or so.; The overwhelming demands from pre-orders has created shortages, and some countries have moved their launch dates as much as a month.; Otterbox is offering a limited free Alpha Glass front screen protector if I would be buying a Commuter or Symmetry case. Tempting, however reviews for the glass protector has been bad, with "rainbow effects" and dust creeping from the middle sides as the only adhesive areas are at the top and bottom to hold onto the device's front glass. Just fair warning to fellow buyers.; Love the protection both Otterbox cases offer though, with very deep front lips to prevent the front glass hitting a flat ground. Back fully protected.
Anonymous, 18 Aug 2016USB type C is faster.Type-C is only the connector standard, it has nothing to do with the speed.
 Type-C was introduced with USB 3.0, but still there exist devices that only support USB 2.0 with the Type-C connector (for example the Nexus 5x and 6p).; Type-C is only the connector standard, it has nothing to do with the speed.; Type-C was introduced with USB 3.0, but still there exist devices that only support USB 2.0 with the Type-C connector (for example the Nexus 5x and 6p).
Anonymous, 18 Aug 2016It's useless when you are out of your own country.huh???; huh???
best looks ever on samsung note; best looks ever on samsung note
hope to get one soon; hope to get one soon
ben123, 17 Aug 2016Hi, Can someone confirm that USB 3.1 is used? I do not find any official sorce for that. I ne... moreUSB type C is faster.; USB type C is faster.
manoleon, 17 Aug 2016No radio? I don't understand Samsung's choice not to have radio in some models. It's useful an... moreIt's useless when you are out of your own country.; It's useless when you are out of your own country.
red, 17 Aug 2016I am not buying any new phones /tablets that have non-removable battery.ok dont cry; ok dont cry
Who uses radio on a cellphone? wtf?; Who uses radio on a cellphone? wtf?
Mine comes in tomorrow from AT&T. Can't wait!; Mine comes in tomorrow from AT&T. Can't wait!
No body uses radio anymore. lol.; No body uses radio anymore. lol.
absolut-allen, 17 Aug 2016That's the funny thing about the complaint of a glass back is: Yes, the glass can withstand si... moreBy simple drop, you mean 1m or 3ft, right?
 
 By simple drop, you mean it has to perfectly drop flat on that back cover, not on the corner glass, right?
 
 By simple drop, you mean it shouldn't flip to the exposed front, as Samsung's free clear back will not protect those front corners, right?
 
 People whose phone's glass cracked after a simple drop were just unlucky, and have the burden to pay half the cost of the smartphone for it to be fixed. It won't happen the next time, for sure.
 
 For sure, I'm not in the action of construction workers... That's why I don't need to wear a hardhat, nor safety boots, nor safety harnesses while on construction sites... Nothing's going to happen.; By simple drop, you mean 1m or 3ft, right?; By simple drop, you mean it has to perfectly drop flat on that back cover, not on the corner glass, right?; By simple drop, you mean it shouldn't flip to the exposed front, as Samsung's free clear back will not protect those front corners, right?; People whose phone's glass cracked after a simple drop were just unlucky, and have the burden to pay half the cost of the smartphone for it to be fixed. It won't happen the next time, for sure.; For sure, I'm not in the action of construction workers... That's why I don't need to wear a hardhat, nor safety boots, nor safety harnesses while on construction sites... Nothing's going to happen.
Konvict Antar, 17 Aug 2016Can i know the reason behind this question????maybe for camera and 4k display or chrome color.; maybe for camera and 4k display or chrome color.
Anonymous, 17 Aug 2016Welcome to the world of "fragile" glass phone hypocrite.That's the funny thing about the complaint of a glass back is: Yes, the glass can withstand simple drops. It's not like dropping a drinking glass on the floor.
 
 They have heavy duty cases available for the Note 5, pretty sure they are going to have them for the 7. Even if dude is an architect, he doesn't get in the action like the construction workers do. What's the big deal? 
 
 I happen to think the glass back is sexy, that's why I have a crystal clear case that doesn't hide any phone features, with corner shock absorbers.; That's the funny thing about the complaint of a glass back is: Yes, the glass can withstand simple drops. It's not like dropping a drinking glass on the floor.; They have heavy duty cases available for the Note 5, pretty sure they are going to have them for the 7. Even if dude is an architect, he doesn't get in the action like the construction workers do. What's the big deal?; I happen to think the glass back is sexy, that's why I have a crystal clear case that doesn't hide any phone features, with corner shock absorbers.
No radio? I don't understand Samsung's choice not to have radio in some models. It's useful and costs almost nothing...; No radio? I don't understand Samsung's choice not to have radio in some models. It's useful and costs almost nothing...
N7 still has till slept to launch. But blue color has been colonised. Why it's high time to come out clean!; N7 still has till slept to launch. But blue color has been colonised. Why it's high time to come out clean!
red, 17 Aug 2016I am not buying any new phones /tablets that have non-removable battery.okay. no problem bye former & older series!!!!!!!!!; okay. no problem bye former & older series!!!!!!!!!
N, 17 Aug 2016I would really want to just get a clear cover, or just a normal cases, but those corners are w... moreNote 7 plastic cover has protection on the four corners so no need to worry.
 A quick search on Google image Note 7 clear view cover will show you.
 The problem is, it doesn't have always on display.; Note 7 plastic cover has protection on the four corners so no need to worry.; A quick search on Google image Note 7 clear view cover will show you.; The problem is, it doesn't have always on display.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 17 Aug 2016Oh, wow... I can get mine by tomorrow as exclusive for higher plan subscribers. Problem is, it... moreWelcome to the world of "fragile" glass phone hypocrite.; Welcome to the world of "fragile" glass phone hypocrite.
All high end phones have non-removable battery except lg g5.
 But g5 is nothing in front of note 7.; All high end phones have non-removable battery except lg g5.; But g5 is nothing in front of note 7.
I am not buying any new phones /tablets that have non-removable battery.; I am not buying any new phones /tablets that have non-removable battery.
gajjar parth, 17 Aug 2016look and feel : king performance : king battery life : king camera : king S pen : king ... morenoob battery.....; noob battery.....
Oh, wow... I can get mine by tomorrow as exclusive for higher plan subscribers. Problem is, it only comes in only in platinum gold - I want the black for subtle purpose. There is no gold for US users, and in turn my region does not offer the coral blue.
 
 What a dilemma. I had already imagined carrying the black. Researching cases had always been based on black. Black will match even my laptop, Note 3, or even the upcoming Zerolemon 8500mAh battery with integrated black TPU...
 
 So, is it time for a change? I mean my wife's S7 Edge is platinum gold - I don't hate it.; Oh, wow... I can get mine by tomorrow as exclusive for higher plan subscribers. Problem is, it only comes in only in platinum gold - I want the black for subtle purpose. There is no gold for US users, and in turn my region does not offer the coral blue.; What a dilemma. I had already imagined carrying the black. Researching cases had always been based on black. Black will match even my laptop, Note 3, or even the upcoming Zerolemon 8500mAh battery with integrated black TPU...; So, is it time for a change? I mean my wife's S7 Edge is platinum gold - I don't hate it.
Anonymous, 16 Aug 2016Does it have metal back or is it gorilla glass back with metal on sides only?Gorilla Glass 5 back(& front) with metal on the sides only.; Gorilla Glass 5 back(& front) with metal on the sides only.
Hi,
 Can someone confirm that USB 3.1 is used? I do not find any official sorce for that. I need to have speeds of USB 3.0 or faster in HOST mode.; Hi,; Can someone confirm that USB 3.1 is used? I do not find any official sorce for that. I need to have speeds of USB 3.0 or faster in HOST mode.
pavan, 17 Aug 2016this is eye umlock?it has iris scanning, so yes; it has iris scanning, so yes
Anonymous, 16 Aug 2016galaxy note7 or sony z5 premium?! Can i know the reason behind this question????; Can i know the reason behind this question????
this is eye umlock?; this is eye umlock?
I Already Booked one Black onyx, And still eagerly waiting for it.; I Already Booked one Black onyx, And still eagerly waiting for it.
look and feel : king
 performance : king
 battery life : king
 camera : king
 S pen : king
 
 all in one mobile
 
 king king king
 
 i will finally buy this
 
 thnks gamarena for your review; look and feel : king; performance : king; battery life : king; camera : king; S pen : king; all in one mobile; king king king; i will finally buy this; thnks gamarena for your review
absolut-allen, 17 Aug 2016Just get a clear case and be done with it. I've dropped my Note 5 several times and it's still... moreI would really want to just get a clear cover, or just a normal cases, but those corners are weak spots.
 
 http://youtu.be/7sLcN0pDjqg; I would really want to just get a clear cover, or just a normal cases, but those corners are weak spots.
How much RAM is left after an upboot?; How much RAM is left after an upboot?
I would like to see Samsung create a quality smaller phone (an iPhone SE type version).; I would like to see Samsung create a quality smaller phone (an iPhone SE type version).
Samsung's mobile phone in your note which gives an infrared port, which is not lacking in Note 7 can frustrate consumers; Samsung's mobile phone in your note which gives an infrared port, which is not lacking in Note 7 can frustrate consumers
absolut-allen, 17 Aug 2016Just get a clear case and be done with it. I've dropped my Note 5 several times and it's still... moreAhem, I do go to several construction sites. I'm an architect.; Ahem, I do go to several construction sites. I'm an architect.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 16 Aug 2016I have dropped mine less than 5 times - with a case. I am careful with these fragile tech from... moreJust get a clear case and be done with it. I've dropped my Note 5 several times and it's still fine. Clear case so it shows off the phone.
 
 Unless you work on a construction site or are really clumsy, get over it man.; Just get a clear case and be done with it. I've dropped my Note 5 several times and it's still fine. Clear case so it shows off the phone.; Unless you work on a construction site or are really clumsy, get over it man.
whitedragon, 17 Aug 2016Yeah, watching the Corning advertorials for Gorilla Glass drops, they all thand perfectly flat... moreMy friend's Note 4 (with Spigen credit card case) fell front upper corner first - the surest way to get the phone's only glass part get wreaked. He even had a sheet of protective glass on. I'm not making this up (for people doubting).
 
 Now there's another 100% of glass to protect! It's annoying to also think the curved glass contribute to the likelihood of a breakage. This is why I'm considering Ghosteck's aluminium perimeter frame, front (clear acrylic?) protective panel fused, it's the easiest disassemble, and yet it's water-resistant. The back part's frame has a rubberized perimeter. Normally i like an open front panel for the S Pen direct input, deep perimeter frame against drops, but now the curving glass needs protecting.
 
 OtterBox Defender with that extra clip panel is something to consider too.; My friend's Note 4 (with Spigen credit card case) fell front upper corner first - the surest way to get the phone's only glass part get wreaked. He even had a sheet of protective glass on. I'm not making this up (for people doubting).; Now there's another 100% of glass to protect! It's annoying to also think the curved glass contribute to the likelihood of a breakage. This is why I'm considering Ghosteck's aluminium perimeter frame, front (clear acrylic?) protective panel fused, it's the easiest disassemble, and yet it's water-resistant. The back part's frame has a rubberized perimeter. Normally i like an open front panel for the S Pen direct input, deep perimeter frame against drops, but now the curving glass needs protecting.; OtterBox Defender with that extra clip panel is something to consider too.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 16 Aug 2016I have dropped mine less than 5 times - with a case. I am careful with these fragile tech from... moreYeah, watching the Corning advertorials for Gorilla Glass drops, they all thand perfectly flat; distributing thenforce of the impact equally over the largest surface. Even the real world usage where they show a lady dropping her phone from high... has it flip, and flip, and.... land perfectly flat!
 
 An actual 'non ideal' impact isn't going to survive four out of five drops.
 Cases needed unless it is a desk/briefcase/desk phone..
 I had always wanted a Zagg for my HTC TouchPro2, but at the time they were iPhones only...
 
 The UAG cases look designed to do some pretty clever force distribution...
 Based on your friends case/ story, I realise I have been pretty fortunate with my Note Edge drops.
 I have a lifetime type screen protector that probably needs replacing; if only they hadn't packed up their kiosk and left,,,,; Yeah, watching the Corning advertorials for Gorilla Glass drops, they all thand perfectly flat; distributing thenforce of the impact equally over the largest surface. Even the real world usage where they show a lady dropping her phone from high... has it flip, and flip, and.... land perfectly flat!; An actual 'non ideal' impact isn't going to survive four out of five drops.; Cases needed unless it is a desk/briefcase/desk phone..; I had always wanted a Zagg for my HTC TouchPro2, but at the time they were iPhones only...; The UAG cases look designed to do some pretty clever force distribution...; Based on your friends case/ story, I realise I have been pretty fortunate with my Note Edge drops.; I have a lifetime type screen protector that probably needs replacing; if only they hadn't packed up their kiosk and left,,,,
I just read the review and almost everything is awesome, except for one thing: Battery life endurance rating. If you compare that test between the note 4, note 5, and note 7, you're going to see a decrease in battery life. Maybe i'm wrong, but it's supposed to be better on note 7, if you compare it to the previous notes...; I just read the review and almost everything is awesome, except for one thing: Battery life endurance rating. If you compare that test between the note 4, note 5, and note 7, you're going to see a decrease in battery life. Maybe i'm wrong, but it's supposed to be better on note 7, if you compare it to the previous notes...
Really Samsung, no fm radio... After all your progress with the s7; Really Samsung, no fm radio... After all your progress with the s7
Does whatsapp, message & calls notifications appears on the gear fit2. Can someone help. Thanks; Does whatsapp, message & calls notifications appears on the gear fit2. Can someone help. Thanks
kerginaldo, 16 Aug 2016Why not removable battery? In 12/18 months we need send the device to change the batt. Besides... moreit's not mandatory to change the battery and if u don't over push it it'll last more than 2 years, that's when u start thinking of buying a new one ;); it's not mandatory to change the battery and if u don't over push it it'll last more than 2 years, that's when u start thinking of buying a new one ;)
Jimmy81, 16 Aug 2016I pre-ordered the note 7 in Dubai on July 23rd and received it on August 3rd. It's been alrea... moreHey jimmy wht color options available there in UAE, as I'm from Kuwait - I'm desperate to get the coral blue; Hey jimmy wht color options available there in UAE, as I'm from Kuwait - I'm desperate to get the coral blue
They wud have won hearts, had they included the removable battery; They wud have won hearts, had they included the removable battery
Does it have metal back or is it gorilla glass back with metal on sides only?; Does it have metal back or is it gorilla glass back with metal on sides only?
Will i get a virtual reality if i am in England and order Note 7 within a month or two?; Will i get a virtual reality if i am in England and order Note 7 within a month or two?
Bunyip22, 16 Aug 2016I ordered mine direct through Samsung so may not get a text. Not holding my breath for deliver... moreI have dropped mine less than 5 times - with a case. I am careful with these fragile tech from dropping, however, I have to consider that I may not be the person doing the dropping. I have seen someone with a Note 4 with the most durable Spigen case, and had the screen cracked from a 1M drop.
 
 Don't get me wrong, I can admire how the Note7 feels in the hand without a case. Only thing is, Gorilla glass is still glass. It may be chemically strengthened, but glass breaks. I do not believe their advertisement of it not breaking "80%" of the time. Hey, the majority of the the masses wanted "premium", they got glass. It's an illogical material for the back that will be the side likely to hit a ground.
 
 Super protective cases like Otterbox has been my usual, and currently Zerolemon's heavy case with the extended battery. Now I'd like to be getting the Ghostek Atomic 3.0 (sturdy aluminium frame and additional water-resistance at only 11mm thick). I'm hoping Zerolemon's 8500mAh integrated battery pack will come with a front protection.
 
 For $60-$65 for a heavy case, I personally do not want to pay $300 just for the front screen to be replaced, or extra for the back glass replaced. This was an Apple tactic and the sealed battery as well. Anyone can forget about the water-resistance of this thing once it happens.
 
 I can respect your way if you are going with no case, but make sure you got insurance.; I have dropped mine less than 5 times - with a case. I am careful with these fragile tech from dropping, however, I have to consider that I may not be the person doing the dropping. I have seen someone with a Note 4 with the most durable Spigen case, and had the screen cracked from a 1M drop.; Don't get me wrong, I can admire how the Note7 feels in the hand without a case. Only thing is, Gorilla glass is still glass. It may be chemically strengthened, but glass breaks. I do not believe their advertisement of it not breaking "80%" of the time. Hey, the majority of the the masses wanted "premium", they got glass. It's an illogical material for the back that will be the side likely to hit a ground.; Super protective cases like Otterbox has been my usual, and currently Zerolemon's heavy case with the extended battery. Now I'd like to be getting the Ghostek Atomic 3.0 (sturdy aluminium frame and additional water-resistance at only 11mm thick). I'm hoping Zerolemon's 8500mAh integrated battery pack will come with a front protection.; For $60-$65 for a heavy case, I personally do not want to pay $300 just for the front screen to be replaced, or extra for the back glass replaced. This was an Apple tactic and the sealed battery as well. Anyone can forget about the water-resistance of this thing once it happens.; I can respect your way if you are going with no case, but make sure you got insurance.
Why not removable battery? In 12/18 months we need send the device to change the batt. Besides the back cover in glass is fragile.Just a drop and bye bye N7.Expensive with dubious resources. Not a deal for me.; Why not removable battery? In 12/18 months we need send the device to change the batt. Besides the back cover in glass is fragile.Just a drop and bye bye N7.Expensive with dubious resources. Not a deal for me.
whitedragon, 16 Aug 2016With the note edge I grabbed the official 's-chip' case, which, paired with the samsung fit wr... moreSamsung stopped but then started up pre orders again. Will see :-); Samsung stopped but then started up pre orders again. Will see :-)
Bunyip22, 16 Aug 2016I ordered mine direct through Samsung so may not get a text. Not holding my breath for deliver... moreWith the note edge I grabbed the official 's-chip' case, which, paired with the samsung fit wristwatch, would wake and unlock the phone upon flipping open the cover.
 
 I chose that case to recess the camera bump.
 I am thinking some sort of adhesive case,.. very thin, without removing the 'blackness'!
 
 If I could see the cost of the camera case, I would consider..
 And maybe a nice leather flip one with a bank card holder... as I use a kevo lock (bluetooth device to open) for the front door, i like just taking my phone with me when I go out...
 
 Samsung direct,.. I read something about their supplies recently, not sure, but I think the article suggested that they had stopped taking preorders somthat they could fulfill demand.
 I reckon we will both have our phones come the 19th (latest)..; With the note edge I grabbed the official 's-chip' case, which, paired with the samsung fit wristwatch, would wake and unlock the phone upon flipping open the cover.; I chose that case to recess the camera bump.; I am thinking some sort of adhesive case,.. very thin, without removing the 'blackness'!; If I could see the cost of the camera case, I would consider..; And maybe a nice leather flip one with a bank card holder... as I use a kevo lock (bluetooth device to open) for the front door, i like just taking my phone with me when I go out...; Samsung direct,.. I read something about their supplies recently, not sure, but I think the article suggested that they had stopped taking preorders somthat they could fulfill demand.; I reckon we will both have our phones come the 19th (latest)..
whitedragon, 16 Aug 20165th (I think),.. as soon as Telstra did preorders. I have had two emails from them confirming... moreI ordered mine direct through Samsung so may not get a text. Not holding my breath for delivery this week.
 
 I have never had a case and the GN7 looks too nice for a case.... i haven't damaged a phone yet... touch wood :-); I ordered mine direct through Samsung so may not get a text. Not holding my breath for delivery this week.; I have never had a case and the GN7 looks too nice for a case.... i haven't damaged a phone yet... touch wood :-)
Turning down the resolution to 720p, if it benefited battery longevity of ACTIVE USE to an extent would be very welcomed. 1080p on a 5.7" screen is already too much, that comparing it to a Note II's 720p has no direct impact of seeing a big difference. I'll personally be testing these settings by next week on the Note7.
 
 You do not complain about 1080p on a 15" laptop screen being so low resolutioned. Then imagined it on a 10" - you still won't complain; and now imagined it on a 5.7" - you will complain? This is relative with the distances you view your screens - for example, 32"-1080p screens are meant to be for smaller rooms and optimal viewing distance is between 1.5 to 2 meters (5-6.5 feet), even up to 3m. Right now, I'm more than half a meter away from my 14" 1080p screen - I DO NOT discern the pixels. If it were to be 28" in diagonal length, then I would be standing some 1 meter away and would not see the pixels either.
 
 Now if you are looking at the screen of your 5.7" device, the closest you will place it relative to your eyes would be between .20 to .25 meters (8" to 10"). Normally it would be a foot or 12 inches away (.3m). Again, there is no way you can discern the pixels even more with the resolution being even more finer than your regular laptop. If we take a 32" 1080p TV into an equation to know what distance relative to a 5.7" phone:
 
 (5.7"/32")x2M = .36M (14.16")
 
 That's even farther than how you are actual most closest distance you would be holding your 5.7" screened device (.20m to .25m)! But I'm normally 1.6m away from my 32" 1080p TV (I just measured), and hence a .28M distance relative to a 5.7" phone is optimal enough.
 
 So I say 1440p is overkill for a 5.7" screened device for regular viewing of its screen.
 
 The benefits I see for higher resolution are when you have screenshots, VR (although I question the pixels I see while I view those demos), and for bragging how much resolution your smartphone's screen has. 4k and 8k resolutions for the next generation should benefit VR experiences, and experience would be nicer if the weight of the entire VR gear set would be lesser on the head.; Turning down the resolution to 720p, if it benefited battery longevity of ACTIVE USE to an extent would be very welcomed. 1080p on a 5.7" screen is already too much, that comparing it to a Note II's 720p has no direct impact of seeing a big difference. I'll personally be testing these settings by next week on the Note7.; You do not complain about 1080p on a 15" laptop screen being so low resolutioned. Then imagined it on a 10" - you still won't complain; and now imagined it on a 5.7" - you will complain? This is relative with the distances you view your screens - for example, 32"-1080p screens are meant to be for smaller rooms and optimal viewing distance is between 1.5 to 2 meters (5-6.5 feet), even up to 3m. Right now, I'm more than half a meter away from my 14" 1080p screen - I DO NOT discern the pixels. If it were to be 28" in diagonal length, then I would be standing some 1 meter away and would not see the pixels either.; Now if you are looking at the screen of your 5.7" device, the closest you will place it relative to your eyes would be between .20 to .25 meters (8" to 10"). Normally it would be a foot or 12 inches away (.3m). Again, there is no way you can discern the pixels even more with the resolution being even more finer than your regular laptop. If we take a 32" 1080p TV into an equation to know what distance relative to a 5.7" phone:; (5.7"/32")x2M = .36M (14.16"); That's even farther than how you are actual most closest distance you would be holding your 5.7" screened device (.20m to .25m)! But I'm normally 1.6m away from my 32" 1080p TV (I just measured), and hence a .28M distance relative to a 5.7" phone is optimal enough.; So I say 1440p is overkill for a 5.7" screened device for regular viewing of its screen.; The benefits I see for higher resolution are when you have screenshots, VR (although I question the pixels I see while I view those demos), and for bragging how much resolution your smartphone's screen has. 4k and 8k resolutions for the next generation should benefit VR experiences, and experience would be nicer if the weight of the entire VR gear set would be lesser on the head.
Bunyip22, 16 Aug 2016I pre ordered the GN7 and will get the Samsung 256GB micro SD card.... worth around AU$230. ... more5th (I think),.. as soon as Telstra did preorders.
 I have had two emails from them confirming 'my order has moved up the que', and that they will keep me in the loop.
 The tracking number they sms'd me today wasn't active at the time.
 I will retry after hours (owh, now), to see what it says.
 Thanks for the evo card review link; will read now...
 
 Apparently they haven't implemented ufs2channel link which would have allowed 900meg transfer speeds, and made a significant improvement at a hardware level over s7.
 Suppose notes sell themselves to whoever wants them, and they can make the S line the hardware flagship going forward...
 
 Anyhow, you are likely, in NSW, to get yours a day before me. Which case are you going with, or perhaps some form of wrap around screen protector?
 Zagg used to make awesome stuff (went on military helicopter blades) and that would rock... might even match the lens bump for the smoothest 'pebble' experience possible...; 5th (I think),.. as soon as Telstra did preorders.; I have had two emails from them confirming 'my order has moved up the que', and that they will keep me in the loop.; The tracking number they sms'd me today wasn't active at the time.; I will retry after hours (owh, now), to see what it says.; Thanks for the evo card review link; will read now...; Apparently they haven't implemented ufs2channel link which would have allowed 900meg transfer speeds, and made a significant improvement at a hardware level over s7.; Suppose notes sell themselves to whoever wants them, and they can make the S line the hardware flagship going forward...; Anyhow, you are likely, in NSW, to get yours a day before me. Which case are you going with, or perhaps some form of wrap around screen protector?; Zagg used to make awesome stuff (went on military helicopter blades) and that would rock... might even match the lens bump for the smoothest 'pebble' experience possible...
Anonymous, 16 Aug 2016I don't need to reduce the resolution of my Note 3 to save battery. This is a downgrade!Must be then!
 
 So note four, downgraded to five, downgraded so far that they figured 'lets skips a number'...
 
 Anyone selling a cheap Note 3 then.HECK i should just exchange my daughters note 2 with my note 4 and be done with it.
 
 My sister must feel gyped; she bought a note 5 and gave her note 2 to her niece!
 
 Waterproofing being a first for the note lineup,.. pretty sure they will have phenominal sales.
 Heck they could probably even take out the micro sd and it would still sell.. 
 nah no one would be that silly, thats too cool!; Must be then!; So note four, downgraded to five, downgraded so far that they figured 'lets skips a number'...; Anyone selling a cheap Note 3 then.HECK i should just exchange my daughters note 2 with my note 4 and be done with it.; My sister must feel gyped; she bought a note 5 and gave her note 2 to her niece!; Waterproofing being a first for the note lineup,.. pretty sure they will have phenominal sales.; Heck they could probably even take out the micro sd and it would still sell..; nah no one would be that silly, thats too cool!
Anonymous, 16 Aug 2016galaxy note7 or sony z5 premium?! My z5 premium bricked itself after 3 months, was overheating a lot a few days before it went. 
 
 It's gone back to sony under warranty. 1st and last sony android phone I've ever had. 
 
 Had samsung for years never had an issue, I'm pre ordering a note 7 in onyx black.; My z5 premium bricked itself after 3 months, was overheating a lot a few days before it went.; It's gone back to sony under warranty. 1st and last sony android phone I've ever had.; Had samsung for years never had an issue, I'm pre ordering a note 7 in onyx black.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 16 Aug 2016Still waiting for mine by Saturday. I am very curious about the battery-saving by turning down... moreI don't need to reduce the resolution of my Note 3 to save battery.
 This is a downgrade!; I don't need to reduce the resolution of my Note 3 to save battery.; This is a downgrade!
galaxy note7 or sony z5 premium?!; galaxy note7 or sony z5 premium?!
Jimmy81, 16 Aug 2016I pre-ordered the note 7 in Dubai on July 23rd and received it on August 3rd. It's been alrea... morehi jimmy
 congrats on your new device, hope you enjoy it.
 as i am about to place my order i have some questions if you don't mind, since you ordered your set in Dubai, did it come in the Duos variant? if yes is there any difference between it and the single sim model than the second sim?
 what is the model number, and the country of origin?
 which website did you buy it from?
 what is the bundle or the offer you got? does it include official warranty?
 thanks a lot for your help; hi jimmy; congrats on your new device, hope you enjoy it.; as i am about to place my order i have some questions if you don't mind, since you ordered your set in Dubai, did it come in the Duos variant? if yes is there any difference between it and the single sim model than the second sim?; what is the model number, and the country of origin?; which website did you buy it from?; what is the bundle or the offer you got? does it include official warranty?; thanks a lot for your help
Jimmy81, 16 Aug 2016I pre-ordered the note 7 in Dubai on July 23rd and received it on August 3rd. It's been alrea... moreStill waiting for mine by Saturday. I am very curious about the battery-saving by turning down the screen resolution to 720p or 1080p. Is it so significant in the number of Screen On Time (SOT) that you would have it on than the 1440p? By how much in actual usage rather than trusting the indicator in the settings? I have always said the 1440p, or even 1080p is overkill on a 5.7" screen.
 
 Do you notice the pixelation that it annoys you to go back to 1440p?; Still waiting for mine by Saturday. I am very curious about the battery-saving by turning down the screen resolution to 720p or 1080p. Is it so significant in the number of Screen On Time (SOT) that you would have it on than the 1440p? By how much in actual usage rather than trusting the indicator in the settings? I have always said the 1440p, or even 1080p is overkill on a 5.7" screen.; Do you notice the pixelation that it annoys you to go back to 1440p?
Jimmy81, 16 Aug 2016I pre-ordered the note 7 in Dubai on July 23rd and received it on August 3rd. It's been alrea... morehi, i'm currently using note4 and very satisfied with it too, but caused by some reason i need to upgrade to note7, i already pre-order from samsung but still need few days to reach the phone, i was actually worrying the non-removable battery will cause some trouble to me since i going to use at least 3 years and plan to replace a new battery every year, i mean when they are removing my back case to replace the battery and if there's a rubber seal for water resistance and they lack of experience didnt cover it back nicely?
 
 2ndly its bout the battery consumption and the camera? did they really improve it? the camera seems drop from 16mp to 12mp?; hi, i'm currently using note4 and very satisfied with it too, but caused by some reason i need to upgrade to note7, i already pre-order from samsung but still need few days to reach the phone, i was actually worrying the non-removable battery will cause some trouble to me since i going to use at least 3 years and plan to replace a new battery every year, i mean when they are removing my back case to replace the battery and if there's a rubber seal for water resistance and they lack of experience didnt cover it back nicely?; 2ndly its bout the battery consumption and the camera? did they really improve it? the camera seems drop from 16mp to 12mp?
I pre-ordered the note 7 in Dubai on July 23rd and received it on August 3rd.
 It's been already 13 days using the device. I was very happy and satisfied with my note 4 before upgrading.
 Paid 812$ with a 128 sd mmc and got the emtertainer app with 1350$ worth of offers.
 Got the onyx black.
 
 The device is amazing. Design is very nice, but i prefer the grip of note 4 as it's less exposed to fall from hand.
 The IR is missed as i used it a lot as a remote control, but moving on.
 Regarding the removable battery, you will get over it, the battery is lasting a full business day without power saver mode, brightness set on 40% indoors, 60 to 100% is the same and way too bright.
 The iris scanner is not very effective outdoor, but in the shade and indoors is ridiculously fast and practical, when u use it you will understand.
 The os is very nice, lots of changes, nougat will be available in 2 to 3 months as per samsung ceo yesterday.
 Wifi and BT have better range and i accidentally discovered when wearing my earphones away from the phone as i was still connected 5 to 6 meters more than where i used to get disconnected.
 The stylus for who use it is improved.
 The first day using it the apps were crashing, then they all upgraded and never had an issue till today.
 One of issues is the speaker location, my finger is always covering it, u can't hold the device and type other ways, it should of been on the meft not right side.
 Camera is very good, display is ridiculous.
 Power saving modes will limit the brightness, and decrease the display quality from 4k to HD and are customizable and effective.
 There's no flashlight widget, you will have to activate if needed by using the pannel.
 Speaker is not that impressive.
 Didn't expose it to water so far, no need, but it's a plus in case you hang out with clumsy or drunk peeps who keep dropping their beer left and right :).
 Phone is great, i am very pleased, happy with the upgrade.
 If you are using an S7, its not worth it i vuess since the difference is only iris scanner, stylus, guerilla 5.
 The 100mAh difference between the 2 is not noticeable, it's dumb to use that or even mention it.
 If you are using a note 4 or 5,my advice is do it.
 Let me know if u have any specific questions.; I pre-ordered the note 7 in Dubai on July 23rd and received it on August 3rd.; It's been already 13 days using the device. I was very happy and satisfied with my note 4 before upgrading.; Paid 812$ with a 128 sd mmc and got the emtertainer app with 1350$ worth of offers.; Got the onyx black.; The device is amazing. Design is very nice, but i prefer the grip of note 4 as it's less exposed to fall from hand.; The IR is missed as i used it a lot as a remote control, but moving on.; Regarding the removable battery, you will get over it, the battery is lasting a full business day without power saver mode, brightness set on 40% indoors, 60 to 100% is the same and way too bright.; The iris scanner is not very effective outdoor, but in the shade and indoors is ridiculously fast and practical, when u use it you will understand.; The os is very nice, lots of changes, nougat will be available in 2 to 3 months as per samsung ceo yesterday.; Wifi and BT have better range and i accidentally discovered when wearing my earphones away from the phone as i was still connected 5 to 6 meters more than where i used to get disconnected.; The stylus for who use it is improved.; The first day using it the apps were crashing, then they all upgraded and never had an issue till today.; One of issues is the speaker location, my finger is always covering it, u can't hold the device and type other ways, it should of been on the meft not right side.; Camera is very good, display is ridiculous.; Power saving modes will limit the brightness, and decrease the display quality from 4k to HD and are customizable and effective.; There's no flashlight widget, you will have to activate if needed by using the pannel.; Speaker is not that impressive.; Didn't expose it to water so far, no need, but it's a plus in case you hang out with clumsy or drunk peeps who keep dropping their beer left and right :).; Phone is great, i am very pleased, happy with the upgrade.; If you are using an S7, its not worth it i vuess since the difference is only iris scanner, stylus, guerilla 5.; The 100mAh difference between the 2 is not noticeable, it's dumb to use that or even mention it.; If you are using a note 4 or 5,my advice is do it.; Let me know if u have any specific questions.
whitedragon, 16 Aug 2016Sweet,.. just received an SMS to confirm it is in the mail, and should land by/on launch day..... moreThat's cool Whitedragon... I haven't got a text yet. When did you order yours? The website said shipping on the 18th so i'm not expecting it this week... (regional NSW). I went with silver.
 Cheers; That's cool Whitedragon... I haven't got a text yet. When did you order yours? The website said shipping on the 18th so i'm not expecting it this week... (regional NSW). I went with silver.; Cheers
I pre ordered the GN7 and will get the Samsung 256GB micro SD card.... worth around AU$230.
 
 The reviews on the Samsung Evo+ 256GB are seriously good. It will be great to have 64GB + 256GB on my phone with a great camera/video.... ahhh... the days where 4GB of storage was pretty cool :-) 
 
 http://www.techspot.com/review/1207-samsung-evo-­256gb-microsd/; I pre ordered the GN7 and will get the Samsung 256GB micro SD card.... worth around AU$230.; The reviews on the Samsung Evo+ 256GB are seriously good. It will be great to have 64GB + 256GB on my phone with a great camera/video.... ahhh... the days where 4GB of storage was pretty cool :-)
whitedragon, 15 Aug 2016Aaman(27), thankyou for your kind words.. They actually matter more than an upvote, because t... moreI'm afraid I can't be active all the time. But I will contribute whenever I can. 
 
 Oh, and I knew Tcool wasn't actually you.; I'm afraid I can't be active all the time. But I will contribute whenever I can.; Oh, and I knew Tcool wasn't actually you.
Anonymous, 15 Aug 2016samsung design is same as original samsung galaxy s but people say sony phones are same . s... moreWhere do you think iPhones are made? China!; Where do you think iPhones are made? China!
whitedragon, 05 Aug 2016Whilst I am sure no one really cares, just formally acknowledging I have a Note 7 (black) on w... moreSweet,.. just received an SMS to confirm it is in the mail, and should land by/on launch day...
 
 Not believing this (I live in the middle of nowhere in a huge state in my country -far, far away from civilisation/where the phone is coming from), and the courier company show that even if it goes into the post tomorrow, I should have it before the weekend.
 
 Sooo much better than I had hoped, which was, they would post it on release day and I would get it, well after, which according to my calendar would have put it on Monday the 29th...
 
 If I get this prior to this weekend? Phwoar! Big grins.
 Beers on me! (not actually 'on me', cause women don't drink beer and that is the only way I could make that statement, ahem, 'work')
 
 But, well, you know what I mean....; Sweet,.. just received an SMS to confirm it is in the mail, and should land by/on launch day...; Not believing this (I live in the middle of nowhere in a huge state in my country -far, far away from civilisation/where the phone is coming from), and the courier company show that even if it goes into the post tomorrow, I should have it before the weekend.; Sooo much better than I had hoped, which was, they would post it on release day and I would get it, well after, which according to my calendar would have put it on Monday the 29th...; If I get this prior to this weekend? Phwoar! Big grins.; Beers on me! (not actually 'on me', cause women don't drink beer and that is the only way I could make that statement, ahem, 'work'); But, well, you know what I mean....
Anonymous, 16 Aug 2016Yeah you are right, using VR headset is one of a kind experience. It is the feeling of being i... moreSome people would say the same about drugs.....
 
 No doubt VR is cool but many people don't have the need for VR, dont want to play VR games or watch VR movies. I prefer to spend my spare time doing something with my family or outdoors rather than wasting time on games or watching average movies (VR or not).; Some people would say the same about drugs.....; No doubt VR is cool but many people don't have the need for VR, dont want to play VR games or watch VR movies. I prefer to spend my spare time doing something with my family or outdoors rather than wasting time on games or watching average movies (VR or not).
Savor , 15 Aug 2016The battery saving features to lower screen resolution to 720p and 1080p is a big deal to me. ... moreYeah you are right, using VR headset is one of a kind experience. It is the feeling of being in a wild place while safe and comfortable inside your room. Not to mention the 3D movies available in Oculus store and other VR games. There's still a lot of whole new world out there in the VR dimension. It's a never ending adventure.
 Just feel sorry for the people who refuse to use the VR headset and closed minded with this new innovation.; Yeah you are right, using VR headset is one of a kind experience. It is the feeling of being in a wild place while safe and comfortable inside your room. Not to mention the 3D movies available in Oculus store and other VR games. There's still a lot of whole new world out there in the VR dimension. It's a never ending adventure.; Just feel sorry for the people who refuse to use the VR headset and closed minded with this new innovation.
Bunyip22, 16 Aug 2016I agree, the visual difference between 1440 and 1080 on a 5.7" screen is tiny. The only time i... moreI've already experienced VR. Either 1440p is still grainy for it, or the app resolution is lowered since a smartphone's hardware can't take it.; I've already experienced VR. Either 1440p is still grainy for it, or the app resolution is lowered since a smartphone's hardware can't take it.
Savor , 15 Aug 2016The battery saving features to lower screen resolution to 720p and 1080p is a big deal to me. ... moreI agree, the visual difference between 1440 and 1080 on a 5.7" screen is tiny. The only time i can notice the difference on my GN3 and GN4 is for really small font and the difference is minute.
 
 Its really only an advantage for VR. I will probably run the Note 7 at 1080p for better battery life and performance.; I agree, the visual difference between 1440 and 1080 on a 5.7" screen is tiny. The only time i can notice the difference on my GN3 and GN4 is for really small font and the difference is minute.; Its really only an advantage for VR. I will probably run the Note 7 at 1080p for better battery life and performance.
Savor , 15 Aug 2016The battery saving features to lower screen resolution to 720p and 1080p is a big deal to me. ... moreVR is not relaxing. The phone and contraption is heavy on the head that it strains your neck after all the rotations you do. It's grainy in quality. It's useless for people with no perfect vision.
 
 There's a reason why there are so many warnings and disclaimers Samsung has put before you use it. They even warn you not to use it for more than half an hour.; VR is not relaxing. The phone and contraption is heavy on the head that it strains your neck after all the rotations you do. It's grainy in quality. It's useless for people with no perfect vision.; There's a reason why there are so many warnings and disclaimers Samsung has put before you use it. They even warn you not to use it for more than half an hour.
The battery saving features to lower screen resolution to 720p and 1080p is a big deal to me. People complaining QHD kills too much battery can shut up now. The gif maker feature and ability to leave notes on the screen almost like a Post-It reminder is a nice touch. 
 
 Erica Griffin on YouTube said it is more symmetrical than her S7 edge. Comfortable to hold. But the main reason why I want it? VR. Still in the early days but something to relax to and escape from the harsh realities in life. Netflix VR is pretty awesome. Imagine how mature VR gets in 3-4 years? 
 
 Apple iPhone users still years behind VR with their 750p and 1080p screens. Samsung can go 4K next year and then have the feature to lower resolution. My only complaint is the glass back but I will just put a black carbon fiber dbrand skin on it.; The battery saving features to lower screen resolution to 720p and 1080p is a big deal to me. People complaining QHD kills too much battery can shut up now. The gif maker feature and ability to leave notes on the screen almost like a Post-It reminder is a nice touch.; Erica Griffin on YouTube said it is more symmetrical than her S7 edge. Comfortable to hold. But the main reason why I want it? VR. Still in the early days but something to relax to and escape from the harsh realities in life. Netflix VR is pretty awesome. Imagine how mature VR gets in 3-4 years?; Apple iPhone users still years behind VR with their 750p and 1080p screens. Samsung can go 4K next year and then have the feature to lower resolution. My only complaint is the glass back but I will just put a black carbon fiber dbrand skin on it.
George Bailey, 15 Aug 2016Where is Note 6 ? they skipped it to match the model with the S series like S7 & Note 7, S8 & Note 8,,,,,,etc.; they skipped it to match the model with the S series like S7 & Note 7, S8 & Note 8,,,,,,etc.
samsung design is same as original samsung galaxy s but people say sony phones are same .
 
 samsung is great and and hitech company but sony is great too and apple i love all of them but please don't talk about chinnesse devices like huawei and xiaomi and others.; samsung design is same as original samsung galaxy s but people say sony phones are same .; samsung is great and and hitech company but sony is great too and apple i love all of them but please don't talk about chinnesse devices like huawei and xiaomi and others.
whitedragon, 15 Aug 20164k vs 2.5k samsung... Samsung use a 'diamond array' for pixel structure. DisplayMate review ... morePretty sure what you meant was Samsung's Diamond PenTile matrix. And no, it's actually less sharp than panels with RGB pixels. Unless it's displaying pure green, in which case it would be at the same degree of sharpness as RGB displays.; Pretty sure what you meant was Samsung's Diamond PenTile matrix. And no, it's actually less sharp than panels with RGB pixels. Unless it's displaying pure green, in which case it would be at the same degree of sharpness as RGB displays.
The Caveman, 15 Aug 2016Yep, looks like it. No morse code receiver or built-in landing platform for carrier pigeons ei... moreI literally laughed out loud at your comment. Your username checks out too. Well done!; I literally laughed out loud at your comment. Your username checks out too. Well done!
George Bailey, 15 Aug 2016Where is Note 6 ? Note 6 = Note 5 Edge; Note 6 = Note 5 Edge
George Bailey, 15 Aug 2016Where is Note 6 ? They skipped the number #6 to make the Note series with the S line. But if you want, you can make the Note Edge the real Note5 and the Note5 as the Note6. Samsung comes up with so many variants. There is even the S6 edge+ which S7 edge and Note7 took design cues from that can count as a Note minus S-Pen. 
 
 I didn't realize Note7 has the ability to lower resolution to 720p and 1080p. That will be a godsend to people who want to save more battery life. And helps with future 4K phones if it has this feature too. Samsung hit a grand slam with this one. Shut up and take my money already, Samsung!; They skipped the number #6 to make the Note series with the S line. But if you want, you can make the Note Edge the real Note5 and the Note5 as the Note6. Samsung comes up with so many variants. There is even the S6 edge+ which S7 edge and Note7 took design cues from that can count as a Note minus S-Pen.; I didn't realize Note7 has the ability to lower resolution to 720p and 1080p. That will be a godsend to people who want to save more battery life. And helps with future 4K phones if it has this feature too. Samsung hit a grand slam with this one. Shut up and take my money already, Samsung!
Where is Note 6 ?; Where is Note 6 ?
Xperia4k, 15 Aug 2016now, everyone are going crazy about the super HD quality of this guy, but when sony launched a... moreNote7 is only Quad HD, not Ultra HD. 
 
 It isn't just about the resolution but the quality of the display. DisplayMate said Note7 has the best display ever on a smartphone. Sony at whatever resolution have never been tops with the quality of their displays. 
 
 This is the best smartphone of 2016. Don't let Samsung haters deny you from the best because of their feelings for other brands. The only "7" of 2016 to upgrade to. Go for broke with this one. All-in.; Note7 is only Quad HD, not Ultra HD.; It isn't just about the resolution but the quality of the display. DisplayMate said Note7 has the best display ever on a smartphone. Sony at whatever resolution have never been tops with the quality of their displays.; This is the best smartphone of 2016. Don't let Samsung haters deny you from the best because of their feelings for other brands. The only "7" of 2016 to upgrade to. Go for broke with this one. All-in.
Xperia4k, 15 Aug 2016now, everyone are going crazy about the super HD quality of this guy, but when sony launched a... moreBecause it was thrash.; Because it was thrash.
Ed, 15 Aug 2016I have note 5. I've been waiting eagerly for Note 7 and when it arrived I saw no major updates... moreA lot of the 'upgrades' are quite subtle.
 
 Curious; what software benefits from 6Gb of ram?
 I ask this question often, and whilst I understand a developer might want that feature for running unoptimised code and some crazy tech stuff (generally from a desk, whilst phone is on wall power at 'max speed',..),.. I cannot think of a single consumer application.
 
 Most large memory access stuff would be better off on a desktop via remote access. (And the RAM needed for that is minimal) so wicked large excel spreadsheets aside (desktop use), what can a phone do / how is a phone improved by this much RAM?
 
 Really just gives Apple users bragging rights about how unoptimised android apps must be!
 
 With regards battery technologies.. not all batteries are created equally. A lot of Chinese phones batteries', even at a higher mAh spec sheet number, might not yield any actual extra runtime.
 
 (This has been my experience as a battery purchaser for a few decades- not all cells are created equal!); A lot of the 'upgrades' are quite subtle.; Curious; what software benefits from 6Gb of ram?; I ask this question often, and whilst I understand a developer might want that feature for running unoptimised code and some crazy tech stuff (generally from a desk, whilst phone is on wall power at 'max speed',..),.. I cannot think of a single consumer application.; Most large memory access stuff would be better off on a desktop via remote access. (And the RAM needed for that is minimal) so wicked large excel spreadsheets aside (desktop use), what can a phone do / how is a phone improved by this much RAM?; Really just gives Apple users bragging rights about how unoptimised android apps must be!; With regards battery technologies.. not all batteries are created equally. A lot of Chinese phones batteries', even at a higher mAh spec sheet number, might not yield any actual extra runtime.; (This has been my experience as a battery purchaser for a few decades- not all cells are created equal!)
I have note 5. I've been waiting eagerly for Note 7 and when it arrived I saw no major updates. Mainly cosmetics. I'd wait for Note 8 hoping to see a major overhaul.
 I was hoping to see at least a 6GB ram with a 4000 mhps.; I have note 5. I've been waiting eagerly for Note 7 and when it arrived I saw no major updates. Mainly cosmetics. I'd wait for Note 8 hoping to see a major overhaul.; I was hoping to see at least a 6GB ram with a 4000 mhps.
whitedragon, 15 Aug 2016Battery life on your device would suffer greatly vs using fm radio.... I used to love insta... moreYeah true internet radio consumes more phone battery juice, but I use Chromecast Audio, so no worry.
 I am so happy that there is unlimited fast LTE data subscription with strong network signal coverage everywhere here, internet radio is not a problem, likewise cloud storage.
 That is why I prefer to use two SIM cards rather than expansion memory.
 Cheers!; Yeah true internet radio consumes more phone battery juice, but I use Chromecast Audio, so no worry.; I am so happy that there is unlimited fast LTE data subscription with strong network signal coverage everywhere here, internet radio is not a problem, likewise cloud storage.; That is why I prefer to use two SIM cards rather than expansion memory.; Cheers!
Tcool, 15 Aug 2016I use TuneIn radio app with my unlimited LTE subscription. There is network coverage everywhere.Battery life on your device would suffer greatly vs using fm radio....
 
 I used to love installing speaker wire in the wall cavities of a house being built, with no power on site, using the fm radio through loudspeaker on the tradesmen Nokia tough phones (5120, 5140 etc)..
 
 Not everyone has unlimited LTE,.. in fact most people I know would have a few GBs per month. In my country data costs a truckload. To be fair, we get tech rollouts usually ahead of the US.. a few people have 'prepaid unlimited on 3g' (a limited time plan offered by one of the carriers),.. in fact the carriers like to offer very little data with these premium phones, hoping that users 'accidentally' go over.
 
 Many 'news' investigation type shows bring light to the fact.
 
 Glad you are covered.
 The Note 7 is an internationally sold phone. Globally, unlimited data connections, would be the exception, not the rule.; Battery life on your device would suffer greatly vs using fm radio....; I used to love installing speaker wire in the wall cavities of a house being built, with no power on site, using the fm radio through loudspeaker on the tradesmen Nokia tough phones (5120, 5140 etc)..; Not everyone has unlimited LTE,.. in fact most people I know would have a few GBs per month. In my country data costs a truckload. To be fair, we get tech rollouts usually ahead of the US.. a few people have 'prepaid unlimited on 3g' (a limited time plan offered by one of the carriers),.. in fact the carriers like to offer very little data with these premium phones, hoping that users 'accidentally' go over.; Many 'news' investigation type shows bring light to the fact.; Glad you are covered.; The Note 7 is an internationally sold phone. Globally, unlimited data connections, would be the exception, not the rule.
i am eagarly waiting for samsung galaxy note7.; i am eagarly waiting for samsung galaxy note7.
pre-ordared cant wait more to have it in hand :-(; pre-ordared cant wait more to have it in hand :-(
now, everyone are going crazy about the super HD quality of this guy, but when sony launched a 4k display phone, everyone said that its a trash and useless; now, everyone are going crazy about the super HD quality of this guy, but when sony launched a 4k display phone, everyone said that its a trash and useless
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 14 Aug 2016I personally do not use the speaker for audio of the video I'm watching, or music in listening... moreFor the first time I have to agree with you with not using the phone loudspeaker for listening to audio or watching videos. But that doesn't mean we are at peace.; For the first time I have to agree with you with not using the phone loudspeaker for listening to audio or watching videos. But that doesn't mean we are at peace.
whitedragon, 15 Aug 2016Sir, Yes-Sir! You seem to have learned to take it in your stride when you are being 'infilt... moreYou noticed that, huh. He doesn't seem to know what image he's using though.
 
 Anyway, Bunyip22 and I were the adamant protesters of the lack of features Samsung has stripped the Galaxy Note line with the Note(point)5. I call it the "point 5" because it seems it can do half of what a real Galaxy Note is. 32GB was the only model available in both our regions. 32GB which comes out with 26GB of space for files and apps in late 2015 - it had been designed for advanced internet networks, and Samsung "hoped" everyone had that internet speed so out files would be in the cloud services? And it was from the frustrations that I opted to just upgrade my Note 3 with extended battery and 128GB of memory expansion, and hold off till something else like Microsoft outing a Surface phone with a pen.
 
 Then the Note7 came out, and brought the memory expansion - something our friend points out unimportant as Samsung took it out. Well, it was due to the poor sales of 2015 for the obvious reason that its core customers like me did not get an S6 or the Note.5 that brought back memory expansion. Ironically, they are even giving out their highest, 256GB capacity for free. This is what criticism can do - positive changes can happen, and all the different polls kept saying that 70% of respondents they want memory expansion.
 
 Well. we got memory expansion back... and looks like I'd have to live with the glass back. I've been extensively researching on the best option for me, and Ghostek's Atomic 3 series gives another layer of water-resistance (safe for going to salt water), and the toughest drop protection known, as they include aluminium frame, while everything is sealed. It's still in pre-order. But I wonder about how it will affect the S Pen interaction. It looks very good. Otterbox's, and Spigen's are coming soon as well.
 
 I know from the statistics I've been doing of the S7 Edge and now a latest review video confirms the 3500mAh will last only some 4.5 hours of SOT. Seeing that I average some 6 hours of SOT daily (with no restrictions of how I use my Note 3 with extended battery), I'm forced to carry a powerbank to plug to power up the sealed battery in the middle of the day. I hope to be doing this until Zerolemon will be out with an powerpack battery-case solution in 3 to 4 months as they usually do.
 
 I will be doing a battery statistics chart, of course - expecting it to be very similar with the S7 Edge's as they are almost the same specs. I saw a couple of videos showing how the resolution of the screen is lowered to extend the battery to up to 3 hours, but did not say if this is with the SOT - which I greatly doubt.
 
 My Note 3 becomes a secondary device left at home. I just find the focusing takes too long for shots, and after experiencing months with the S7 Edge's fantastic camera, I told myself it's time to move to the best mobile camera to date. Only a few months will tell me if I need to go back to the Note 3 if i really do want extended battery in my main daily drive. Hence, Zerolemon's some integrated 8500mAh battery case should be able to convince me.
 
 Only a few more days till we all get this baby. Oh, I hope it does not have any surprising design flaws...; You noticed that, huh. He doesn't seem to know what image he's using though.; Anyway, Bunyip22 and I were the adamant protesters of the lack of features Samsung has stripped the Galaxy Note line with the Note(point)5. I call it the "point 5" because it seems it can do half of what a real Galaxy Note is. 32GB was the only model available in both our regions. 32GB which comes out with 26GB of space for files and apps in late 2015 - it had been designed for advanced internet networks, and Samsung "hoped" everyone had that internet speed so out files would be in the cloud services? And it was from the frustrations that I opted to just upgrade my Note 3 with extended battery and 128GB of memory expansion, and hold off till something else like Microsoft outing a Surface phone with a pen.; Then the Note7 came out, and brought the memory expansion - something our friend points out unimportant as Samsung took it out. Well, it was due to the poor sales of 2015 for the obvious reason that its core customers like me did not get an S6 or the Note.5 that brought back memory expansion. Ironically, they are even giving out their highest, 256GB capacity for free. This is what criticism can do - positive changes can happen, and all the different polls kept saying that 70% of respondents they want memory expansion.; Well. we got memory expansion back... and looks like I'd have to live with the glass back. I've been extensively researching on the best option for me, and Ghostek's Atomic 3 series gives another layer of water-resistance (safe for going to salt water), and the toughest drop protection known, as they include aluminium frame, while everything is sealed. It's still in pre-order. But I wonder about how it will affect the S Pen interaction. It looks very good. Otterbox's, and Spigen's are coming soon as well.; I know from the statistics I've been doing of the S7 Edge and now a latest review video confirms the 3500mAh will last only some 4.5 hours of SOT. Seeing that I average some 6 hours of SOT daily (with no restrictions of how I use my Note 3 with extended battery), I'm forced to carry a powerbank to plug to power up the sealed battery in the middle of the day. I hope to be doing this until Zerolemon will be out with an powerpack battery-case solution in 3 to 4 months as they usually do.; I will be doing a battery statistics chart, of course - expecting it to be very similar with the S7 Edge's as they are almost the same specs. I saw a couple of videos showing how the resolution of the screen is lowered to extend the battery to up to 3 hours, but did not say if this is with the SOT - which I greatly doubt.; My Note 3 becomes a secondary device left at home. I just find the focusing takes too long for shots, and after experiencing months with the S7 Edge's fantastic camera, I told myself it's time to move to the best mobile camera to date. Only a few months will tell me if I need to go back to the Note 3 if i really do want extended battery in my main daily drive. Hence, Zerolemon's some integrated 8500mAh battery case should be able to convince me.; Only a few more days till we all get this baby. Oh, I hope it does not have any surprising design flaws...
What is the quality of this Note 7? All plastic inside?!!! Even the sim compartment is delicate plastic ?!!! Edge screen is not better. It senses where your finger touch on edges while holding it. It is Waterproof; so sealed all over. And so what is the sound quality of Note 7 ? One should hear the ring tones atleast while on public road or in a bus or so. Otherwise all incoming calls will be missing. This is what is now with all Samsung phones. I owned S7 edge few months before and did not want to keep it even for 24 hours. Immediately disposed it off for heavy loss.; What is the quality of this Note 7? All plastic inside?!!! Even the sim compartment is delicate plastic ?!!! Edge screen is not better. It senses where your finger touch on edges while holding it. It is Waterproof; so sealed all over. And so what is the sound quality of Note 7 ? One should hear the ring tones atleast while on public road or in a bus or so. Otherwise all incoming calls will be missing. This is what is now with all Samsung phones. I owned S7 edge few months before and did not want to keep it even for 24 hours. Immediately disposed it off for heavy loss.
Samsung galaxy note series is my dream phone.
 I expect always some different from Samsung and samsung can.; Samsung galaxy note series is my dream phone.; I expect always some different from Samsung and samsung can.
Savor, 14 Aug 2016VR is the future but it needs resolution of 2K or 4K to look less pixelated. VR will be anothe... more4k vs 2.5k samsung...
 Samsung use a 'diamond array' for pixel structure.
 DisplayMate review confirms that this makes the resolution 'resolve' much higher.. appearing much sharper than it really is.
 
 Would this work for VR in the same manner.. most likely (won't know until I have tried)..
 What I do know is that mobile phones don't really want to push graphics at a decent frame rate @ 8 million pixels per frame (4k).
 
 For augmented reality John Carmack and other industry veterans are acknowledging that high refresh rate is important. Otherwise the immersion break between movement and update is disconcerting to the user and causes all sorts of 'motion type sicknesses'.
 
 I have a few Headsets, and have am familiar with VR.
 Having been a member of Canberras' legendary "KC's Virtual Reality Cafe" back in the day (1993? era). I recall the day I was sneaking up on my mum in Pterodactyl first person shooter.. I would say 'look behind you', give her just enough time to turn around, before blasting her in the face. (Innuendo free mindset I have, Freud has nothing on this convo).. She would yell out "You little, ahem, 'poo'" and other profanities, much to the chagrin of the people sitting around enjoying their lunch...
 
 Anyhow my Sony HMD-T3W is apparently very low res.. yes there is a notion of 'screen door affect'; at 1280x720 there should be.. but most people acknowledge it is better than a range of other 'higher resolution' technologies.
 
 It does depend on the technology though...
 Light emitters that beam onto the eye surface using a mirror array, apparently, even at 1280x720, reveal not 'screen door effect'.
 
 Sometimes things are only noticable to a trained eye.
 
 MP3s at 320kb are missing second harmonics of a cymbal crash.. most would never notice.
 If you are looking for it? Very evident (on right equipment)!
 
 Diamond array QHD might just be the right balance... not too high a resolution to actually render graphics to as well as not having 'evident' pixel edges.
 
 Theory vs reality.
 Theory is often proved wrong, eg world is flat. World is centre of universe.
 Lets hear from some users..
 I know Sammy are going for a wide field of view.. not sure how the curved edge will pan out for them on these here Note 7s.
 Review anybody?; 4k vs 2.5k samsung...; Samsung use a 'diamond array' for pixel structure.; DisplayMate review confirms that this makes the resolution 'resolve' much higher.. appearing much sharper than it really is.; Would this work for VR in the same manner.. most likely (won't know until I have tried)..; What I do know is that mobile phones don't really want to push graphics at a decent frame rate @ 8 million pixels per frame (4k).; For augmented reality John Carmack and other industry veterans are acknowledging that high refresh rate is important. Otherwise the immersion break between movement and update is disconcerting to the user and causes all sorts of 'motion type sicknesses'.; I have a few Headsets, and have am familiar with VR.; Having been a member of Canberras' legendary "KC's Virtual Reality Cafe" back in the day (1993? era). I recall the day I was sneaking up on my mum in Pterodactyl first person shooter.. I would say 'look behind you', give her just enough time to turn around, before blasting her in the face. (Innuendo free mindset I have, Freud has nothing on this convo).. She would yell out "You little, ahem, 'poo'" and other profanities, much to the chagrin of the people sitting around enjoying their lunch...; Anyhow my Sony HMD-T3W is apparently very low res.. yes there is a notion of 'screen door affect'; at 1280x720 there should be.. but most people acknowledge it is better than a range of other 'higher resolution' technologies.; It does depend on the technology though...; Light emitters that beam onto the eye surface using a mirror array, apparently, even at 1280x720, reveal not 'screen door effect'.; Sometimes things are only noticable to a trained eye.; MP3s at 320kb are missing second harmonics of a cymbal crash.. most would never notice.; If you are looking for it? Very evident (on right equipment)!; Diamond array QHD might just be the right balance... not too high a resolution to actually render graphics to as well as not having 'evident' pixel edges.; Theory vs reality.; Theory is often proved wrong, eg world is flat. World is centre of universe.; Lets hear from some users..; I know Sammy are going for a wide field of view.. not sure how the curved edge will pan out for them on these here Note 7s.; Review anybody?
Ballsy, 15 Aug 2016Because there are numerous apps that tune in to radio station one of them is called IHeart Rad... moreI use TuneIn radio app with my unlimited LTE subscription. There is network coverage everywhere.; I use TuneIn radio app with my unlimited LTE subscription. There is network coverage everywhere.
The Caveman, 15 Aug 2016Yep, looks like it. No morse code receiver or built-in landing platform for carrier pigeons ei... moreWould be amusing kind of watching them 'slide off'.
 
 +1
 
 A lot of carriers do not want to sell phones with FM receivers (or the user might not use 'data connection' for music and entertainment). True.; Would be amusing kind of watching them 'slide off'.; +1; A lot of carriers do not want to sell phones with FM receivers (or the user might not use 'data connection' for music and entertainment). True.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 14 Aug 2016I personally do not use the speaker for audio of the video I'm watching, or music in listening... moreSir, Yes-Sir!
 
 You seem to have learned to take it in your stride when you are being 'infiltrated' and harassed by a given element that can frequent these boards.
 
 It is so funny watching them flip flop based on whatever 'toy' they have,.. whilst claiming others want them 'for bragging rights'.
 Anyhow, enough negativity.. this was a compliment to yourself- in fact my post to Bunyip was on exactly this topic.. I dug seeing 'the old crew' reforming.
 
 Just didn't feel safe writing to you as your graphic seems to get lifted by a person who claims that others 'lift avatar' and 'fake pages' (to make them look bad)- of course only the inverse is true.
 
 I only take task about it as I know the last time I took a big hiatus from GSMARENA is was to do with the forums quality going 'way south' once they get onboard.
 
 Given they don't even have or want the phone (only versions of it that don't exist so as to 'make out like it is deficient') it is just all to crazy.
 I can handle internet trolls,.. but the fact that they get posts removed easily, yet their banal banter and multiple accounts keep on bringing everybody down.. is just weird!
 I get that moderators cannot read through all the threads on a website this large.. and so they only read the posts 'being reported'.
 Regular people never seem to report them,.. so they continue to exist; always clocking up their post count with inane comments.
 
 Your comment count,.. earned properly, from sharing useful knowledge and adding to the discourse; is part of why you are a board veteran. The best thing is how you keep the flow civil and nice.
 
 I had complimented Aaman, but my post has been awaiting moderation for 'too long'. I don't think it will make it.. oh well.; Sir, Yes-Sir!; You seem to have learned to take it in your stride when you are being 'infiltrated' and harassed by a given element that can frequent these boards.; It is so funny watching them flip flop based on whatever 'toy' they have,.. whilst claiming others want them 'for bragging rights'.; Anyhow, enough negativity.. this was a compliment to yourself- in fact my post to Bunyip was on exactly this topic.. I dug seeing 'the old crew' reforming.; Just didn't feel safe writing to you as your graphic seems to get lifted by a person who claims that others 'lift avatar' and 'fake pages' (to make them look bad)- of course only the inverse is true.; I only take task about it as I know the last time I took a big hiatus from GSMARENA is was to do with the forums quality going 'way south' once they get onboard.; Given they don't even have or want the phone (only versions of it that don't exist so as to 'make out like it is deficient') it is just all to crazy.; I can handle internet trolls,.. but the fact that they get posts removed easily, yet their banal banter and multiple accounts keep on bringing everybody down.. is just weird!; I get that moderators cannot read through all the threads on a website this large.. and so they only read the posts 'being reported'.; Regular people never seem to report them,.. so they continue to exist; always clocking up their post count with inane comments.; Your comment count,.. earned properly, from sharing useful knowledge and adding to the discourse; is part of why you are a board veteran. The best thing is how you keep the flow civil and nice.; I had complimented Aaman, but my post has been awaiting moderation for 'too long'. I don't think it will make it.. oh well.
wtfff, 14 Aug 2016why does this not have an FM radio ?????? do we live in the stone age or something ???Yep, looks like it. No morse code receiver or built-in landing platform for carrier pigeons either. So disappointing...; Yep, looks like it. No morse code receiver or built-in landing platform for carrier pigeons either. So disappointing...
wtfff, 14 Aug 2016why does this not have an FM radio ?????? do we live in the stone age or something ???why you need fm radio? you live in the stone age or something?; why you need fm radio? you live in the stone age or something?
Pc Rockzz, 14 Aug 2016Yess Sony is better... Does ur Samsung has 4k display with any of its phone Sony has ur Sams... morehahaha...sony fanboy defending sony's poor product..; hahaha...sony fanboy defending sony's poor product..
Aaman27, 14 Aug 2016I've been seeing your posts for a while here in this(Note7's) thread. And I've noticed you exp... moreAaman(27), thankyou for your kind words..
 They actually matter more than an upvote, because the upvotes I get,get downvoted by a consortium of 'one'.
 
 So sharing the sentiment and contributing words towards a postitive community reinforces what I have most come to miss about this website.
 I know many of the origional members, and many since them, still come by for phone specifications, and every so often even go so far as to comment... although all to often they exit again once a 'flame war' with a 'fan-boy/girl' begins. A certain amount of maturity is lacking, which is fair, as with phone prices dropping (a good thing), so too has the entry point for the readerbase here.
 
 Yes my sentiments with regards to the InfraRed Blaster were shared simply trying to inform other readers that just because they do not see a use for something, doesn't mean that others might not have a need for it.
 Same argument is often leveraged for FM radio, not everyone having data plans sufficient for internet radio etc...
 
 I would hope with a wide readerbase here we would have representatives from many 'walks of life',. and that we are in a safe place to express such sentiments. 
 Typically tertiary students (university as an example) are versed in the difficulties of other nations and 'world events' and are typically shown to have less cultural bias, and a more holistic paradigm, being inclusive of others 'points of view'.
 I believe the world is going in the right direction, at a personal level, and that 'we' the people hold sway and influence by rolemodelling peace and happiness. 
 I do think 'tolerance' is a dirty word because I do not feel I have to tolerate much; being generally emphatic towards the needs of others..
 
 Yet...
 I AM NOT affiliated with Tcool, (the earlier thanks from them was not me),.. I say this as a regular poster quit this website recently believing I was that person. (And it was all too confusing having such subversive tactics littered through the forums. Fair enough.) I did write an explanatory (short) post after they threatened to leave, but it was removed. (Any guesses who?)
 
 So whilst that earlier post was removed, I see nothing offensive here(nor really on the other one that was removed :), and would hope that the moderators show some common sense and let this one stay on board.
 
 I don't care much for IR blasters. I do feel they add something.. but I have already given posts on GSMARENA how I never used my Note Edge once with this feature.. (An old Galaxy /Nexus S maybe). 
 I have, as a technician when being on callout and seeing the difficulty a family has finding or fighting with the remote,.. suggested to the parents that their flagship S(4) be used as a universal.
 I have done this severeal times, as an aside, to PC tech work.
 Get a snicker out of it, because it is one of the many things a well versed technologist can show people how to get better use out of their products.
 
 Anyhow my carrier has confirmed 'my preorder has moved up in the que' (perhaps suggesting later preorders were taken without ability to confirm product)- I got in on day one.
 Unfortunately living in rural Western Australia (phones coming from Eastern states), even though the launch day is 19th.. I won't get it until the 29th. (Just a guess.. no doubt I will post the day it lands;)).
 
 For me waterproof phone matters a large amount, and I am an Spen user.
 In fact my daughter is the real Spen user, and her art is phenominal. And her accolades at school for her drawing styles is on the rise. I thank Samsung for throwning in a free version of Artrage on my Note Edge. (ArtRage was from the people who made KidPix/other early windows 95 art software that blew me away back then,.. and was my only reason, at the time, to relinquish DOS)
 
 A waterproof camera has been sorely missing from my life ever since Sony factory recalled my TX5, and then lost it (more than three years ago). I have spent exhaustive time trying to track it down,.. many phone calls and emails.. and the best they are willing to offer me is a discount off a new purchase. TO which I had told them in advance 'that is a far from satisfactory option'; with them rejecting all fair requests on my part,.. this will be one I will endeaver to put equal time to what I lost hunting for that device into raising consumer awareness about their ethos. The stupid thing is I have spent $100,000 on Sony products in my lifetime so far. Since losing that camera. $0. 
 To be fair this is the first time I have in anyway highlighted that story to the internet. ( I have reffered to my beloved TX5 camera many times.. - it caught the first time my daughter ever swam on it.. to me.. in the pool.. camera bobbing below the water surface a few times as she left the wall of the pool and came to 'daddy'. It was her camera,.. and my five year old would give me directions like 'pan left' and 'focus on this' in her early days of using it. What Sony took from my life by leaving us without her camera for years is just silly. So finally getting a replacement.
 
 Woohoo.
 
 Aaman, again thankyou.. hope I didn't bore you by writing so much.. I just figured I would make one last reach out to Sony today,.. and I guess it has been on my mind since going to bed last night.
 Cheers for wanting an active, useful community. 
 (Would) Be nice, ay!; Aaman(27), thankyou for your kind words..; They actually matter more than an upvote, because the upvotes I get,get downvoted by a consortium of 'one'.; So sharing the sentiment and contributing words towards a postitive community reinforces what I have most come to miss about this website.; I know many of the origional members, and many since them, still come by for phone specifications, and every so often even go so far as to comment... although all to often they exit again once a 'flame war' with a 'fan-boy/girl' begins. A certain amount of maturity is lacking, which is fair, as with phone prices dropping (a good thing), so too has the entry point for the readerbase here.; Yes my sentiments with regards to the InfraRed Blaster were shared simply trying to inform other readers that just because they do not see a use for something, doesn't mean that others might not have a need for it.; Same argument is often leveraged for FM radio, not everyone having data plans sufficient for internet radio etc...; I would hope with a wide readerbase here we would have representatives from many 'walks of life',. and that we are in a safe place to express such sentiments.; Typically tertiary students (university as an example) are versed in the difficulties of other nations and 'world events' and are typically shown to have less cultural bias, and a more holistic paradigm, being inclusive of others 'points of view'.; I believe the world is going in the right direction, at a personal level, and that 'we' the people hold sway and influence by rolemodelling peace and happiness.; I do think 'tolerance' is a dirty word because I do not feel I have to tolerate much; being generally emphatic towards the needs of others..; Yet...; I AM NOT affiliated with Tcool, (the earlier thanks from them was not me),.. I say this as a regular poster quit this website recently believing I was that person. (And it was all too confusing having such subversive tactics littered through the forums. Fair enough.) I did write an explanatory (short) post after they threatened to leave, but it was removed. (Any guesses who?); So whilst that earlier post was removed, I see nothing offensive here(nor really on the other one that was removed :), and would hope that the moderators show some common sense and let this one stay on board.; I don't care much for IR blasters. I do feel they add something.. but I have already given posts on GSMARENA how I never used my Note Edge once with this feature.. (An old Galaxy /Nexus S maybe).; I have, as a technician when being on callout and seeing the difficulty a family has finding or fighting with the remote,.. suggested to the parents that their flagship S(4) be used as a universal.; I have done this severeal times, as an aside, to PC tech work.; Get a snicker out of it, because it is one of the many things a well versed technologist can show people how to get better use out of their products.; Anyhow my carrier has confirmed 'my preorder has moved up in the que' (perhaps suggesting later preorders were taken without ability to confirm product)- I got in on day one.; Unfortunately living in rural Western Australia (phones coming from Eastern states), even though the launch day is 19th.. I won't get it until the 29th. (Just a guess.. no doubt I will post the day it lands;)).; For me waterproof phone matters a large amount, and I am an Spen user.; In fact my daughter is the real Spen user, and her art is phenominal. And her accolades at school for her drawing styles is on the rise. I thank Samsung for throwning in a free version of Artrage on my Note Edge. (ArtRage was from the people who made KidPix/other early windows 95 art software that blew me away back then,.. and was my only reason, at the time, to relinquish DOS); A waterproof camera has been sorely missing from my life ever since Sony factory recalled my TX5, and then lost it (more than three years ago). I have spent exhaustive time trying to track it down,.. many phone calls and emails.. and the best they are willing to offer me is a discount off a new purchase. TO which I had told them in advance 'that is a far from satisfactory option'; with them rejecting all fair requests on my part,.. this will be one I will endeaver to put equal time to what I lost hunting for that device into raising consumer awareness about their ethos. The stupid thing is I have spent $100,000 on Sony products in my lifetime so far. Since losing that camera. $0.; To be fair this is the first time I have in anyway highlighted that story to the internet. ( I have reffered to my beloved TX5 camera many times.. - it caught the first time my daughter ever swam on it.. to me.. in the pool.. camera bobbing below the water surface a few times as she left the wall of the pool and came to 'daddy'. It was her camera,.. and my five year old would give me directions like 'pan left' and 'focus on this' in her early days of using it. What Sony took from my life by leaving us without her camera for years is just silly. So finally getting a replacement.; Woohoo.; Aaman, again thankyou.. hope I didn't bore you by writing so much.. I just figured I would make one last reach out to Sony today,.. and I guess it has been on my mind since going to bed last night.; Cheers for wanting an active, useful community.; (Would) Be nice, ay!
wtfff, 14 Aug 2016why does this not have an FM radio ?????? do we live in the stone age or something ???..now internet era.....look at the mirror maybe you can see who is still live in stone age :); ..now internet era.....look at the mirror maybe you can see who is still live in stone age :)
wtfff, 14 Aug 2016why does this not have an FM radio ?????? do we live in the stone age or something ???Because there are numerous apps that tune in to radio station one of them is called IHeart Radio. Have you heard of it? Listen to the stations that you want to! Don't need FM.; Because there are numerous apps that tune in to radio station one of them is called IHeart Radio. Have you heard of it? Listen to the stations that you want to! Don't need FM.
Why this phone system memory 27GB out of 64GB??; Why this phone system memory 27GB out of 64GB??
great job from samsung; great job from samsung
!!!!!!!!!!!
 Why Note 7 not comming with Infrared port i think they miss it on note 6; !!!!!!!!!!!; Why Note 7 not comming with Infrared port i think they miss it on note 6
wtfff, 14 Aug 2016why does this not have an FM radio ?????? do we live in the stone age or something ???FM radio is stone age tech on a phone. 
 
 I wouldn't mind it but would probably only use it once or twice a year. 
 Most people have good amounts of data and coverage and prefer digital radio nowadays.; FM radio is stone age tech on a phone.; I wouldn't mind it but would probably only use it once or twice a year.; Most people have good amounts of data and coverage and prefer digital radio nowadays.
wtfff, 14 Aug 2016why does this not have an FM radio ?????? do we live in the stone age or something ???FM radio *is* the stone age, actually :); FM radio *is* the stone age, actually :)
wtfff, 14 Aug 2016why does this not have an FM radio ?????? do we live in the stone age or something ???You are kidding right? Why on earth would you want an FM radio when you can stream every station on the planet?; You are kidding right? Why on earth would you want an FM radio when you can stream every station on the planet?
Mugil555, 14 Aug 2016Where is blue coral colour for india??Y samsung partiality for asian countries compared to usa... moreI agree with you; I agree with you
Savor , 14 Aug 2016Sony is better? Haha.. At what? Overpricing their products because they can? I used to idoliz... moreYess Sony is better... 
 Does ur Samsung has 4k display with any of its phone Sony has ur Samsung has VR which is just compatable to Samsung not to others LG VR is compatible to all phone's 
 Z5Premium had better battery life then ur Samsung S7 or S6 or Note 5 go n check 
 4k display better Battery life. Waterproof aswell which is only on Ur S7 or Note7 lolz; Yess Sony is better...; Does ur Samsung has 4k display with any of its phone Sony has ur Samsung has VR which is just compatable to Samsung not to others LG VR is compatible to all phone's; Z5Premium had better battery life then ur Samsung S7 or S6 or Note 5 go n check; 4k display better Battery life. Waterproof aswell which is only on Ur S7 or Note7 lolz
why does this not have an FM radio ?????? do we live in the stone age or something ???; why does this not have an FM radio ?????? do we live in the stone age or something ???
Now available in UAE.; Now available in UAE.
Blue Coral, fr Yankees, 820 choose why, always under dogs impression.
 We pay, why not have n most populated middle East Africa, south east Asia. Just exclusivities fr Yankees doodles?; Blue Coral, fr Yankees, 820 choose why, always under dogs impression.; We pay, why not have n most populated middle East Africa, south east Asia. Just exclusivities fr Yankees doodles?
123, 14 Aug 2016Which means blue coral is Snapdragon 820 only. Pitty! :(as far as i know, some asian countries have exynos blue coral.; as far as i know, some asian countries have exynos blue coral.
Which means blue coral is Snapdragon 820 only. Pitty! :(; Which means blue coral is Snapdragon 820 only. Pitty! :(
Blue coral is US only for now ! :( :(; Blue coral is US only for now ! :( :(
Mugil555, 14 Aug 2016Where is blue coral colour for india??Y samsung partiality for asian countries compared to usa... morewell, while it sucks that you don't have the blue color version but the exynos is better than the snapdragon so it shouldn't be all that bad.; well, while it sucks that you don't have the blue color version but the exynos is better than the snapdragon so it shouldn't be all that bad.
VR is the future but it needs resolution of 2K or 4K to look less pixelated. VR will be another way for people at home to consume media whether watching movies, simulation, and adult entertainment. We are just in the early days of VR similar to iPhones in 2007 and early Android from 2008. Expect growing pains now but wait about 5+ years once the technology matures enough for people to immerse themselves in. This is no gimmick like Force Touch. 
 
 Samsung has usually been tops in battery test for Quad HD phones. They top Full HD phones with larger batteries like ones from Huawei. That's what you call true battery optimization. They have foresight similar to LG getting into the VR market now. Planting the early seeds for it. So let's have 4K display soon because VR is the next best thing to replace some TV sets, home theater, and video game consoles at home. VR will be another outlet for media consumption. 
 
 Black onyx for me to match the color closer to the new Gear VR. Black matches any color. Don't like the shimmering reflective colors. You will eventually grow tired of the other colors. Black looks better with AMOLED. Always bet on black! Best smartphone Samsung ever made. Sorry, S7 edge with your Gorilla Glass 4, no S-Pen, and no Type-C. You have been demoted to second best now. The Note series regains its throne as the true Samsung flagship.; VR is the future but it needs resolution of 2K or 4K to look less pixelated. VR will be another way for people at home to consume media whether watching movies, simulation, and adult entertainment. We are just in the early days of VR similar to iPhones in 2007 and early Android from 2008. Expect growing pains now but wait about 5+ years once the technology matures enough for people to immerse themselves in. This is no gimmick like Force Touch.; Samsung has usually been tops in battery test for Quad HD phones. They top Full HD phones with larger batteries like ones from Huawei. That's what you call true battery optimization. They have foresight similar to LG getting into the VR market now. Planting the early seeds for it. So let's have 4K display soon because VR is the next best thing to replace some TV sets, home theater, and video game consoles at home. VR will be another outlet for media consumption.; Black onyx for me to match the color closer to the new Gear VR. Black matches any color. Don't like the shimmering reflective colors. You will eventually grow tired of the other colors. Black looks better with AMOLED. Always bet on black! Best smartphone Samsung ever made. Sorry, S7 edge with your Gorilla Glass 4, no S-Pen, and no Type-C. You have been demoted to second best now. The Note series regains its throne as the true Samsung flagship.
Aaman27, 14 Aug 2016I've been seeing your posts for a while here in this(Note7's) thread. And I've noticed you exp... moreThank you and appreciated.; Thank you and appreciated.
Bunyip22, 14 Aug 2016I have always had black phones. However i think they will show finger prints more than silver.... moreBlue coral is the best!; Blue coral is the best!
Where is blue coral colour for india??Y samsung partiality for asian countries compared to usa and europe&china u ditched snapdragon for us.6 gb 128 gb storage for china.Every year u introduced flagship model but lot of specification variation for each continents.Colour option also not universal fo reveryone.Dis time prebooking for india no freebies consider to other countries very worst from samsung india.Surely we need 128GB sd card or grear VR for feee.We need all colour options include blue coral to india.kindly favour to our request; Where is blue coral colour for india??Y samsung partiality for asian countries compared to usa and europe&china u ditched snapdragon for us.6 gb 128 gb storage for china.Every year u introduced flagship model but lot of specification variation for each continents.Colour option also not universal fo reveryone.Dis time prebooking for india no freebies consider to other countries very worst from samsung india.Surely we need 128GB sd card or grear VR for feee.We need all colour options include blue coral to india.kindly favour to our request
Pusht, 14 Aug 2016Why why why BLUE is missed out from mea and asia pacific region, says later. I will sendlegal ... moreI don't know how Samsung figured out which get the Blue.; I don't know how Samsung figured out which get the Blue.
whitedragon, 14 Aug 2016Yes you always argue this way.. and for some reason A) if you cannot see a use for it then i... moreI've been seeing your posts for a while here in this(Note7's) thread. And I've noticed you explain things patiently with eloquence, without an offensive vibe. I like people when they don't talk in an offensive manner. It reveals their (good) character. Please, keep on posting with relevant and useful info about the device in question.(Real life experience is significantly valuable info)
 
 And also, I realise a flagship device should cater to(almost) every needs, which is the very point of being a flagship and charging the desired price for it. But some people start talking like, "No IR Blaster, No FM Radio, No 6GB RAM, the device sucks!" 
 
 I agree that it's very useful for some, and it's such an annoying exclusion, since you've considered buying it. But, for some, it's not needed at all. They won't even think twice about it, and their number is(way) greater. 
 
 So, my point is, don't tell the mobile is trash just because it doesn't have a few features that it should've had, and which are important to you, considering how great a package this actually is. 
 
 For example, How great the display is, how many features jam packed together. With this many great features together, a person should not tell the is trash just because it doesn't have IR Blaster, FM Radio etc. regardless of how important it is to the concerned person.(I'm, of course, not referring you, though)
 
 And, no person should ridicule anyone expressing disappointment at the exclusion of the aforementioned features, as well!; I've been seeing your posts for a while here in this(Note7's) thread. And I've noticed you explain things patiently with eloquence, without an offensive vibe. I like people when they don't talk in an offensive manner. It reveals their (good) character. Please, keep on posting with relevant and useful info about the device in question.(Real life experience is significantly valuable info); And also, I realise a flagship device should cater to(almost) every needs, which is the very point of being a flagship and charging the desired price for it. But some people start talking like, "No IR Blaster, No FM Radio, No 6GB RAM, the device sucks!"; I agree that it's very useful for some, and it's such an annoying exclusion, since you've considered buying it. But, for some, it's not needed at all. They won't even think twice about it, and their number is(way) greater.; So, my point is, don't tell the mobile is trash just because it doesn't have a few features that it should've had, and which are important to you, considering how great a package this actually is.; For example, How great the display is, how many features jam packed together. With this many great features together, a person should not tell the is trash just because it doesn't have IR Blaster, FM Radio etc. regardless of how important it is to the concerned person.(I'm, of course, not referring you, though); And, no person should ridicule anyone expressing disappointment at the exclusion of the aforementioned features, as well!
whitedragon, 14 Aug 2016Yes you always argue this way.. and for some reason A) if you cannot see a use for it then i... moreLOL! I am not stupid to turn off the lights without the remote controller of the projector on my side. Nup said.; LOL! I am not stupid to turn off the lights without the remote controller of the projector on my side. Nup said.
Why why why BLUE is missed out from mea and asia pacific region, says later. I will sendlegal notice, where is Blue two tone color. Everybody dont buy till you get one. Promised.; Why why why BLUE is missed out from mea and asia pacific region, says later. I will sendlegal notice, where is Blue two tone color. Everybody dont buy till you get one. Promised.
Sony is better? Haha.. At what? Overpricing their products because they can? I used to idolize Sony but they became a joke as early as 2006. Most people supporting Sony are probably PlayStation fanboys who believes Sony will someday return to their former glory and never will. Admit defeat. Samsung and LG are better than Sony. Sony is a has been with an ego to still be in denial. Koreans have got the Japanese beat already. Let it go, Sony fanboys. 
 
 People forget that QHD was introduced back in 2014 with the LG G3 and Oppo Find 7. What people don't realize is Samsung has mastered the art of QHD with battery life. Look at the GSM Arena battery test list and several Samsung are tops especially with video playback. Their optimization fot video playback and QHD is fantastic. While we see phones with only Full HD that still struggle with a 3000 mAh battery pack. LG G3, G4, and G5 have always struggled with QHD. 
 
 By next year when the S8 comes out, expect Ultra HD but expect the early 4K to take a hit on battery. This Note7 might be Samsung's final QHD flagship ever before we go through a couple of years with battery woes. So then you might ask, why need anything beyond 1080p? Why kill battery life? Easy answer - virtual reality. Quad HD should be bare minimum for VR headsets while 4K will be the driving force to VR. 
 
 "This begs the question of why you would possibly need a 4K panel on your smartphone. The emergence of virtual reality (VR) is the major driving force. A 1080p or even a 2K screen might be fine for everyday use, but pop that phone into Google Cardboard or a Samsung Gear VR headset, and it becomes quite pixelated, since the resolution is split across two eyes. ItÂ’s called the screen door effect. For example, a 1080p screen becomes 960 x 1080 pixels in a VR unit. This might seem like enough, but donÂ’t forget that the display appears much larger in a VR headset, thereby diluting the quality of the image.
 
 Most people who try VR for the first time say how cool it is, but they almost always notice that the picture needs improvement. A 4K screen will play a big part in improving the experience by giving a 1920 x 2160 pixel resolution per eye."; Sony is better? Haha.. At what? Overpricing their products because they can? I used to idolize Sony but they became a joke as early as 2006. Most people supporting Sony are probably PlayStation fanboys who believes Sony will someday return to their former glory and never will. Admit defeat. Samsung and LG are better than Sony. Sony is a has been with an ego to still be in denial. Koreans have got the Japanese beat already. Let it go, Sony fanboys.; People forget that QHD was introduced back in 2014 with the LG G3 and Oppo Find 7. What people don't realize is Samsung has mastered the art of QHD with battery life. Look at the GSM Arena battery test list and several Samsung are tops especially with video playback. Their optimization fot video playback and QHD is fantastic. While we see phones with only Full HD that still struggle with a 3000 mAh battery pack. LG G3, G4, and G5 have always struggled with QHD.; By next year when the S8 comes out, expect Ultra HD but expect the early 4K to take a hit on battery. This Note7 might be Samsung's final QHD flagship ever before we go through a couple of years with battery woes. So then you might ask, why need anything beyond 1080p? Why kill battery life? Easy answer - virtual reality. Quad HD should be bare minimum for VR headsets while 4K will be the driving force to VR.; "This begs the question of why you would possibly need a 4K panel on your smartphone. The emergence of virtual reality (VR) is the major driving force. A 1080p or even a 2K screen might be fine for everyday use, but pop that phone into Google Cardboard or a Samsung Gear VR headset, and it becomes quite pixelated, since the resolution is split across two eyes. ItÂ’s called the screen door effect. For example, a 1080p screen becomes 960 x 1080 pixels in a VR unit. This might seem like enough, but donÂ’t forget that the display appears much larger in a VR headset, thereby diluting the quality of the image.; Most people who try VR for the first time say how cool it is, but they almost always notice that the picture needs improvement. A 4K screen will play a big part in improving the experience by giving a 1920 x 2160 pixel resolution per eye."
whitedragon, 14 Aug 2016Bunyip22; good to see you... Loving that this board is getting onboard more and more of the... moreI have always had black phones. However i think they will show finger prints more than silver.
 Plus the silver looks pretty nice. :-); I have always had black phones. However i think they will show finger prints more than silver.; Plus the silver looks pretty nice. :-)
Anonymous, 14 Aug 2016no !!!! i think Sony is better . quad hd need more performance on gpu just look at antutu benc... moreIf you dot know.. Samsung Note 7 have new future function can change resolution to 720(HD), 1080(FHD) and standard 1440(QHD).. Very useful.. And you can set your Phone resolution ratio, frame rate limit and texture guality when you playing all games.. and you can can set all each one type of games what you want went playing..; If you dot know.. Samsung Note 7 have new future function can change resolution to 720(HD), 1080(FHD) and standard 1440(QHD).. Very useful.. And you can set your Phone resolution ratio, frame rate limit and texture guality when you playing all games.. and you can can set all each one type of games what you want went playing..
Anonymous, 14 Aug 2016no !!!! i think Sony is better . quad hd need more performance on gpu just look at antutu benc... moreif sony release a phone with stylus you can compare it with galaxy note 7. galaxy note 7 buyers buy this phone becaue its stylus no for other things . u can campare your xperia x with galaxy s7 or galaxy a7 but not with this one.; if sony release a phone with stylus you can compare it with galaxy note 7. galaxy note 7 buyers buy this phone becaue its stylus no for other things . u can campare your xperia x with galaxy s7 or galaxy a7 but not with this one.
whitedragon, 14 Aug 2016Bunyip22; good to see you... Loving that this board is getting onboard more and more of the... moreI personally do not use the speaker for audio of the video I'm watching, or music in listening to. If it's muffled because it got wet, then it's good that IP is working. I don't get people complaining about it off they keep getting it wet.
 
 Looks like all the regular Galaxy Note commenters are assembling on the Note7 page. I've been here since the first Note.; I personally do not use the speaker for audio of the video I'm watching, or music in listening to. If it's muffled because it got wet, then it's good that IP is working. I don't get people complaining about it off they keep getting it wet.; Looks like all the regular Galaxy Note commenters are assembling on the Note7 page. I've been here since the first Note.
Anonymous, 14 Aug 2016no !!!! i think Sony is better . quad hd need more performance on gpu just look at antutu benc... moreTrue.; True.
Bunyip22, 14 Aug 2016Silver GN7 has been pre-ordered with free 256GB card. Shipping 18/08. If the camera wasn't su... moreBunyip22; good to see you...
 
 Loving that this board is getting onboard more and more of the old Note 4 crew. (Thread commentors from back in the day)
 Starting to feel like I never left this place.
 
 Lots of familiar faces.
 Glad to hear. 
 I am going Black Onyx, and going to purchase a Cobalt Blue Stylus to use and give the 'included black' stylus to the older Notes in the house (daughter has Note 2, and my old Note Edge); apparently the Note 7 stylus works wonders on the other Notes.,,,
 
 From the independant reviews I have read on the Note7, the grip/feel is excellent, the phone sits in the hand much better than the S7/S7E... One reviewer stating it was the nicest phone they had ever held (and they were an ardent tech journalist of many years heritage)
 
 Waterproofing can affect sound output level for speakerphone etc.. we will have to wait and see...; Bunyip22; good to see you...; Loving that this board is getting onboard more and more of the old Note 4 crew. (Thread commentors from back in the day); Starting to feel like I never left this place.; Lots of familiar faces.; Glad to hear.; I am going Black Onyx, and going to purchase a Cobalt Blue Stylus to use and give the 'included black' stylus to the older Notes in the house (daughter has Note 2, and my old Note Edge); apparently the Note 7 stylus works wonders on the other Notes.,,,; From the independant reviews I have read on the Note7, the grip/feel is excellent, the phone sits in the hand much better than the S7/S7E... One reviewer stating it was the nicest phone they had ever held (and they were an ardent tech journalist of many years heritage); Waterproofing can affect sound output level for speakerphone etc.. we will have to wait and see...
Tcool, 14 Aug 2016The only use of IR blaster is as a remote control of appliances nothing more. Nobody is stupi... moreYes you always argue this way.. and for some reason 
 A) if you cannot see a use for it then it must be useless
 B)if your current device doesn't have it, you argue that because it is gone, it must not be good.
 
 HighDefDVD, and BetaMax are good examples of technology that was 'better' that went away.
 As did SuperAudioCDs/DVDAudio etc.. 
 doesn't mean that because the market went one way that the features are useless or 'no good'
 
 I am not wanting every phone to have an InfraRed Sender,.. but flagships being at the highest cost, can generally include the most parts into one device.
 I understand some tech takes up considerable space,.. or I would want a projector built into my phone ala the Galaxy Beam phones.
 I think that FM receivers and, more so, transceivers are great tech that could be around in more devices.
 
 Sometimes a company doesn't include certain technology as it doesn't want to cannibalise sales in other areas (eg Sony Phones not sounding as good as their Walkmans 'intentionally'),.. sometimes it is to see which features users are willing to lean towards (say release several devices but only give certain parts of the feature set to each model, and see which ones sell).
 
 Please do not reject outright that an InfraRed transmitter, given how much stuff in our world has 'remotes' is useless tech in a device that we always carry on us.
 Just because your hifi is not like mine...
 I have on my loungeroom 'rack'; from top to bottom, Surround Amp, HDDVD player, Bluray player, CD player, CD player, gaming console, 300 disc carousel, Power Amp.
 
 I also have a stereo system in every room of the house bar the kitchen (yes the bathroom has a lifestyle Nakamichi slimline thing; that I have lost the remote for, and would benefit from a waterproof phone with IR sending).
 
 The projector room/home theatre can benefit from a backlit remote and the any room with multiple devices to turn on (none of the TVs use the inbuilt speakers,.. all being pared with amp/speaker combos), benefit from remotes that allow me to set Macros (chains of command from one button press).
 
 During a movie in the loungeroom, in darkness, having my phone choose the next thing on presto, but also doubling as a remote where I can change volume on the amp, and stop the DVD player, is really handy.
 
 Don't knock it till you've tried it!!; Yes you always argue this way.. and for some reason; A) if you cannot see a use for it then it must be useless; B)if your current device doesn't have it, you argue that because it is gone, it must not be good.; HighDefDVD, and BetaMax are good examples of technology that was 'better' that went away.; As did SuperAudioCDs/DVDAudio etc..; doesn't mean that because the market went one way that the features are useless or 'no good'; I am not wanting every phone to have an InfraRed Sender,.. but flagships being at the highest cost, can generally include the most parts into one device.; I understand some tech takes up considerable space,.. or I would want a projector built into my phone ala the Galaxy Beam phones.; I think that FM receivers and, more so, transceivers are great tech that could be around in more devices.; Sometimes a company doesn't include certain technology as it doesn't want to cannibalise sales in other areas (eg Sony Phones not sounding as good as their Walkmans 'intentionally'),.. sometimes it is to see which features users are willing to lean towards (say release several devices but only give certain parts of the feature set to each model, and see which ones sell).; Please do not reject outright that an InfraRed transmitter, given how much stuff in our world has 'remotes' is useless tech in a device that we always carry on us.; Just because your hifi is not like mine...; I have on my loungeroom 'rack'; from top to bottom, Surround Amp, HDDVD player, Bluray player, CD player, CD player, gaming console, 300 disc carousel, Power Amp.; I also have a stereo system in every room of the house bar the kitchen (yes the bathroom has a lifestyle Nakamichi slimline thing; that I have lost the remote for, and would benefit from a waterproof phone with IR sending).; The projector room/home theatre can benefit from a backlit remote and the any room with multiple devices to turn on (none of the TVs use the inbuilt speakers,.. all being pared with amp/speaker combos), benefit from remotes that allow me to set Macros (chains of command from one button press).; During a movie in the loungeroom, in darkness, having my phone choose the next thing on presto, but also doubling as a remote where I can change volume on the amp, and stop the DVD player, is really handy.; Don't knock it till you've tried it!!
GK, 14 Aug 2016What is the quality of this Note 7? All plastic inside?!!! Even the sim compartment is delic... moreYour comments are unsupported and silly. If you read all the review and see the video on YouTube you will appreciate that Note 7 is probably the best phone Samsung have ever released.; Your comments are unsupported and silly. If you read all the review and see the video on YouTube you will appreciate that Note 7 is probably the best phone Samsung have ever released.
For years, the Note series had proven time and time again as being the true Samsung flagship. Then Galaxy Note edge arrived in 2014 and it looked weird until S6 edge made it look cool last year. So Note5 was neglected because it wasn't as cool as its dual edge siblings and removed sd slot. For the last four months, S7 edge has been the king of the heap. The real king has returned with the same dual curved display. 
 
 Note7 is the best smartphone of 2016. Not the iPhone 7 (or 6SameEdition). No longer the S7 edge which doesn't have the best display anymore, no Type-C, Gorilla Glass 5, S-Pen, and iris scanner, and so on and so on. If S7 edge was just an appetizer, Note7 is the main course for 2016. Get it, folks. Samsung is offering 256gn card or Gear Fit 2. AT&T is offering Gear Fit or a Galaxy Tab E. Will take the sd card and tablet, thank you very much. Not into wearables.
 
 This is miles ahead of iPhone 7. Best smartphone of 2016. I don't care if Note7 doesn't sell as well as S7 edge or won't win awards for best phone of the year. Note isn't as popular as S phones. The real phone connoisseurs know the Note series have normally been superior to the S-line. Planning to get Gear VR to watch my Netflix on the go. This changes my way of streaming my Netflix films and shows. The future is here and it is written in Note7's S-Pen... 
 
 Note7 (black onyx) 
 256gb micro-sd card + 64 internal storage 
 Gear VR + Netflix or Hulu
 Long 13+ hr video playback on battery
 Best display on the market
 = pure win! 
 
 Best multimedia device of all-time! This is THE ONE to get, folks! The best of the best.; For years, the Note series had proven time and time again as being the true Samsung flagship. Then Galaxy Note edge arrived in 2014 and it looked weird until S6 edge made it look cool last year. So Note5 was neglected because it wasn't as cool as its dual edge siblings and removed sd slot. For the last four months, S7 edge has been the king of the heap. The real king has returned with the same dual curved display.; Note7 is the best smartphone of 2016. Not the iPhone 7 (or 6SameEdition). No longer the S7 edge which doesn't have the best display anymore, no Type-C, Gorilla Glass 5, S-Pen, and iris scanner, and so on and so on. If S7 edge was just an appetizer, Note7 is the main course for 2016. Get it, folks. Samsung is offering 256gn card or Gear Fit 2. AT&T is offering Gear Fit or a Galaxy Tab E. Will take the sd card and tablet, thank you very much. Not into wearables.; This is miles ahead of iPhone 7. Best smartphone of 2016. I don't care if Note7 doesn't sell as well as S7 edge or won't win awards for best phone of the year. Note isn't as popular as S phones. The real phone connoisseurs know the Note series have normally been superior to the S-line. Planning to get Gear VR to watch my Netflix on the go. This changes my way of streaming my Netflix films and shows. The future is here and it is written in Note7's S-Pen...; Note7 (black onyx); 256gb micro-sd card + 64 internal storage; Gear VR + Netflix or Hulu; Long 13+ hr video playback on battery; Best display on the market; = pure win!; Best multimedia device of all-time! This is THE ONE to get, folks! The best of the best.
Khawaja, 14 Aug 2016What you missed: 1. Looks way better than note 5 2. Lovely to hold and has a great grip 4. ... moreI haven't held a GN7 but i think you might be wrong about great grip.
 The GN4 has great grip with the plastic back.
 
 I have held a S6 edge with glass back and thin sides and it certainly wasn't grippy... i doubt the s7 will have lots of grip either.; I haven't held a GN7 but i think you might be wrong about great grip.; The GN4 has great grip with the plastic back.; I have held a S6 edge with glass back and thin sides and it certainly wasn't grippy... i doubt the s7 will have lots of grip either.
Silver GN7 has been pre-ordered with free 256GB card. Shipping 18/08.
 If the camera wasn't such a big step up over the GN4 i might have stayed with the GN4. 
 Will let you know how it goes.; Silver GN7 has been pre-ordered with free 256GB card. Shipping 18/08.; If the camera wasn't such a big step up over the GN4 i might have stayed with the GN4.; Will let you know how it goes.
GK, 14 Aug 2016What is the quality of this Note 7? All plastic inside?!!! Even the sim compartment is delic... moreGee you say silly things.
 Should all the phone be metal and weigh 250g?
 You really think that water proofing affects the sound quality? LOL; Gee you say silly things.; Should all the phone be metal and weigh 250g?; You really think that water proofing affects the sound quality? LOL
sajibebd, 14 Aug 2016dude get some real jobRight said!; Right said!
I'm sure glad the memory expansion is back, as contrast to last year's Galaxy Note. No way I'd get this without being able to use my 128 GB microSD.
 
 Only 64 GB of internal will not be enough, as someone is telling us it is. Now we can have 256 GB microSD this year, and a 512 GB card in the future.; I'm sure glad the memory expansion is back, as contrast to last year's Galaxy Note. No way I'd get this without being able to use my 128 GB microSD.; Only 64 GB of internal will not be enough, as someone is telling us it is. Now we can have 256 GB microSD this year, and a 512 GB card in the future.
4gb Ram?? seriously ? no more note series disappointed .; 4gb Ram?? seriously ? no more note series disappointed .
What is the quality of this Note 7? All plastic inside?!!! Even the sim compartment is delicate plastic ?!!! Edge screen is not better. It senses where your finger touch on edges while holding it. It is Waterproof; so sealed all over. And so what is the sound quality of Note 7 ? One should hear the ring tones atleast while on public road or in a bus or so. Otherwise all incoming calls will be missing. This is what is now with all Samsung phones. I owned S7 edge few months before and did not want to keep it even for 24 hours. Immediately disposed it off for heavy loss.; What is the quality of this Note 7? All plastic inside?!!! Even the sim compartment is delicate plastic ?!!! Edge screen is not better. It senses where your finger touch on edges while holding it. It is Waterproof; so sealed all over. And so what is the sound quality of Note 7 ? One should hear the ring tones atleast while on public road or in a bus or so. Otherwise all incoming calls will be missing. This is what is now with all Samsung phones. I owned S7 edge few months before and did not want to keep it even for 24 hours. Immediately disposed it off for heavy loss.
no !!!! i think Sony is better . quad hd need more performance on gpu just look at antutu benchmarking lags in 3d part is very high and framerate is low but on xperia x you can get more framerate for games. x series is one of the best sony mobiles without any extra features that just for advertising. on note 7 in front and back there are two light sensor!! it is can be good but it s can be a mistaken part in some cases just an extra features just for advertising.; no !!!! i think Sony is better . quad hd need more performance on gpu just look at antutu benchmarking lags in 3d part is very high and framerate is low but on xperia x you can get more framerate for games. x series is one of the best sony mobiles without any extra features that just for advertising. on note 7 in front and back there are two light sensor!! it is can be good but it s can be a mistaken part in some cases just an extra features just for advertising.
how about its battery performance without using power backpack which have smaller battery than S7 edge but big screen?????????; how about its battery performance without using power backpack which have smaller battery than S7 edge but big screen?????????
Khawaja, 14 Aug 2016What you missed: 1. Looks way better than note 5 2. Lovely to hold and has a great grip 4. ... moreIt looks way better than the Note 5? Because it has an edge screen? Yay. Lol; It looks way better than the Note 5? Because it has an edge screen? Yay. Lol
AlenAlosious, 14 Aug 2016The Galaxy Note 7's highlight features are its iris scanner, the first time Samsung has introd... moreWhat you missed:
 1. Looks way better than note 5
 2. Lovely to hold and has a great grip
 4. S-Pen nib's thickness has been decreased to less than half of previous S-Pen and S-Pen now feels more smooth and natural to write with
 3. Supports HDR video playback (technology presently only found on high end TVs)
 4. According to DisplayMate note 7 has the best mobile screen on the market; What you missed:; 1. Looks way better than note 5; 2. Lovely to hold and has a great grip; 4. S-Pen nib's thickness has been decreased to less than half of previous S-Pen and S-Pen now feels more smooth and natural to write with; 3. Supports HDR video playback (technology presently only found on high end TVs); 4. According to DisplayMate note 7 has the best mobile screen on the market
The Galaxy Note 7's highlight features are its iris scanner, the first time Samsung has introduced the feature on one of its smartphones, apart from the improved S Pen stylus and dual-edge 5.7-inch QHD (1440x2560 pixels) Super Amoled display with Corning Gorilla Glass 5. The smartphone (and the S Pen stylus bundled alongside) is also IP68 certified for dust and water resistance, just like the Samsung Galaxy S7 and Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge from earlier this year. As with previous flagship models, the phablet packs a fingerprint sensor on the home button and is also compatible with the Samsung Pay mobile payment service.
 
 Here's what the Note 7 has that the Note 5 doesn't:
 
 1.Curved screens (sharper, less sloping than the S7 Edge)
 2.USB-C charger port (Samsung's first phone to adopt the new standard)
 3.Iris scanner to unlock the phone with your eyes
 4.Gorilla Glass 5 screen (the first phone with Corning's new screen tech)
 5.More sensitive, accurate S Pen stylus
 6.Water-resistant phone body and S Pen
 7.MicroSD card slot (like the S7 phones)
 8.Larger battery (3,500 mAh versus Note 5's 3,000 mAh)
 9.Better low-light camera
 10.New S Pen tricks, like magnification and GIF-making
 11.Stylus won't get stuck if you jam it in backwards
 12.Coral Blue color choice (it's great); The Galaxy Note 7's highlight features are its iris scanner, the first time Samsung has introduced the feature on one of its smartphones, apart from the improved S Pen stylus and dual-edge 5.7-inch QHD (1440x2560 pixels) Super Amoled display with Corning Gorilla Glass 5. The smartphone (and the S Pen stylus bundled alongside) is also IP68 certified for dust and water resistance, just like the Samsung Galaxy S7 and Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge from earlier this year. As with previous flagship models, the phablet packs a fingerprint sensor on the home button and is also compatible with the Samsung Pay mobile payment service.; Here's what the Note 7 has that the Note 5 doesn't:; 1.Curved screens (sharper, less sloping than the S7 Edge); 2.USB-C charger port (Samsung's first phone to adopt the new standard); 3.Iris scanner to unlock the phone with your eyes; 4.Gorilla Glass 5 screen (the first phone with Corning's new screen tech); 5.More sensitive, accurate S Pen stylus; 6.Water-resistant phone body and S Pen; 7.MicroSD card slot (like the S7 phones); 8.Larger battery (3,500 mAh versus Note 5's 3,000 mAh); 9.Better low-light camera; 10.New S Pen tricks, like magnification and GIF-making; 11.Stylus won't get stuck if you jam it in backwards; 12.Coral Blue color choice (it's great)
Note 7 Support Fast battery charging Quick Charge 2.0 or 3.0?; Note 7 Support Fast battery charging Quick Charge 2.0 or 3.0?
whitedragon, 14 Aug 2016 A few factors to consider... Assuming the remote play PS4 stuff isn't your interest (prett... moredude get some real job; dude get some real job
I will upgrade to Note 7 because my Note 5 doesn't have my favorite plastic back material. LOL!; I will upgrade to Note 7 because my Note 5 doesn't have my favorite plastic back material. LOL!
whitedragon, 14 Aug 2016Actually having had this feature for near to two decades across a range of devices that have g... moreThe only use of IR blaster is as a remote control of appliances nothing more.
 Nobody is stupid enough to loose the remote controller of their appliances so what is the essence of bringing it back to the unit?
 If is important enough like your principle of bringing back the microSD card support, for sure it will also return. But it didn't. Stick to your principle!; The only use of IR blaster is as a remote control of appliances nothing more.; Nobody is stupid enough to loose the remote controller of their appliances so what is the essence of bringing it back to the unit?; If is important enough like your principle of bringing back the microSD card support, for sure it will also return. But it didn't. Stick to your principle!
why samsung why... all im asking is a bigger battery without using an external and thats it. s7edge has bigger battery and yes its small difference but atleast higher battery capacity would have closed the deal.; why samsung why... all im asking is a bigger battery without using an external and thats it. s7edge has bigger battery and yes its small difference but atleast higher battery capacity would have closed the deal.
Hope that Samsung will release a Black with gold outline of this phone. I really love seeing the S7 Edge of mine with the Injustice Edition.; Hope that Samsung will release a Black with gold outline of this phone. I really love seeing the S7 Edge of mine with the Injustice Edition.
Tcool, 13 Aug 2016Not majority uses IR blaster, it is not essential for a smartphone.Actually having had this feature for near to two decades across a range of devices that have gotten 'progressively smarter',.. it is an important feature to many.
 
 Whilst I have seen your rants backing 'that if the manufacturer doesn't include it, it isn't important',.. please do not be so dismissive of people expressing their opinions.
 
 When you got the Note 5, you were happy to make a lot of sacrifices, but surely getting back microSD expansion was a good thing?!
 
 Future products should reimplement this feature.
 I will not sell on my Note Edge, having to retire it to dedicated loungeroom duties as a remote control.
 I looked at equivalent replacement; even second hand flagship remotes that do not offer quite the potential that a smartphone with InfraRed can, cost a few hundred dollars, or, in the ballpark of what I would net selling my Note Edge.
 
 So I keep it.
 Do I want Samsung to spend a few extra cents implementing the tech in future phones? Absolutely!
 
 Do I think that the Note 7 iris scanner can double as an IR sender? Absolutely! Maybe nit on official OS roms, but no doubt it could be done...
 
 No point telling people that 'what they want' isn't relevant, unless it is unrealistic, and based on lack of education (like the majority wanting 6Gb of RAM in a phone). If they haven't considered why their 'need' might not be so, sure, suggest politely an alternative point of view, and maybe they will consider...
 Can lead a horse to water, but you cannot make it think.; Actually having had this feature for near to two decades across a range of devices that have gotten 'progressively smarter',.. it is an important feature to many.; Whilst I have seen your rants backing 'that if the manufacturer doesn't include it, it isn't important',.. please do not be so dismissive of people expressing their opinions.; When you got the Note 5, you were happy to make a lot of sacrifices, but surely getting back microSD expansion was a good thing?!; Future products should reimplement this feature.; I will not sell on my Note Edge, having to retire it to dedicated loungeroom duties as a remote control.; I looked at equivalent replacement; even second hand flagship remotes that do not offer quite the potential that a smartphone with InfraRed can, cost a few hundred dollars, or, in the ballpark of what I would net selling my Note Edge.; So I keep it.; Do I want Samsung to spend a few extra cents implementing the tech in future phones? Absolutely!; Do I think that the Note 7 iris scanner can double as an IR sender? Absolutely! Maybe nit on official OS roms, but no doubt it could be done...; No point telling people that 'what they want' isn't relevant, unless it is unrealistic, and based on lack of education (like the majority wanting 6Gb of RAM in a phone). If they haven't considered why their 'need' might not be so, sure, suggest politely an alternative point of view, and maybe they will consider...; Can lead a horse to water, but you cannot make it think.
NiJon, 13 Aug 2016as a Sony user and part fan.. Should I think about getting a samsung instead? the recently lea... more A few factors to consider...
 
 Assuming the remote play PS4 stuff isn't your interest (pretty sure Sony tablets/phones/vita /play tv are needed for that)...
 
 You would be happy with either of these Samsung phones,.. their build quality is in the same ballpark in a way that Sony X series might not be..
 
 Price wise, any concerns?
 
 S7/S7 Edge are great phones.
 The N7 (Note 7) does offer a few, and somewhat 'slight' improvements over the S7 counterparts if you have no vision for wanting the SPen, but maybe not enough to warrant a much higher cost..
 
 Simply put; the Note series exists for spen usage (wasn't always the case, but as the 'S' series grew in screen size/battery capacity; most 'metrics' are now equal or at parity).
 
 If there is a big price difference (which might prove likely with the release of this new Note) you will have to make a decision whether, if not using the Spen, these incremental changes are worthwhile.
 
 I will not give a full rundown of changes, as nor has Samsung..
 
 But from just one review by displaymate, I can see there is sufficient 'tock' in the screen technology ('tochnology'), to make the purchase worthwhile for some...
 
 A)The HDR chipset/processing and capable screen.
 This is a biggie. At first I was dismissive of this feature for a few reasons... I couldn't imagine any practical way to get really large files/potentially having to be uncompressed 'bluray rips'(which I have no issue making) directly onto the phone. No one wants to give up that much storage, and I wouldn't like to have to stream that much bandwidth to something I am holding so close to my body. Turns out it is not the case. Some video streaming services offer HDR materials, and, worst case scenario, the hardware will 'upscale' (not resolution but colour gamut /increased range) using the actual hardware to improve potentially all viseo files. This is different (to my understanding) of what Sony does with its colour profiling akin to their TV lineup, to create a 'vivid' colour playback.
 HDR is about to become a 'battleground' for display/screen retailers and manufacturers.
 Given there is no standard in place for this format, many 'HDR compatible/capable' screens simply won't be anything special. To implement this technology well on an LCD screen would prove very costly, so will likley, in most instances, prove to be 'spec sheet bragging' with no actual meaningful gain. Hopefully cheap screens do not destroy consumer perspective about what true HDR screens can do... like the one in the Note 7.
 
 In fact when I first read that the N7 would have HDR, I believed it would be a marketing point; I just didn't believe that the screen could have a contrast range good enough to really implement this well... then I found out that these OLED pixels, combined, were capable of pushing out 800-to over 1000 nit brightness. 
 The N7 is one of the best screens on the planet right now and a noticable improvement over Note 4/5 screen tech.
 
 B) Now, that extra brightness plays into another 'spec sheet' claim that I was dismissive of; the feature to drop from QHD (quad high definition) to FHD (full high def) and even HD (xbox gaming resolution, ahem, "High Def"). I just figured OLED (organically emitting light displays) which do not have a backlight, would just get 'really dark' as less pixels fired (the pixels themselves being what illuminates the image)). With that much brightness available (greater than 1000nits), even the 'HD' mode will be bright enough.
 
 Don't worry to much about reolution... even sonys' impressive 'true 4k' implementation on their Z lineup @800pixels per inch, offers no realworld increase in sharpness over the 'diamond array' 500pixels per inch screen on the Samsung OLED flagships.
 
 Now displaymate have been one of the go to benchmarking websites for tech journalists and industry for many years. Many years ago they made some suggestions to the industry about how to implement better screens in their devices; one of these suggestion has made a first time appearance (to my knowledge) on the new Note 7... "Dual camera light balance"...
 The front camera assesses light landing on the surface of the screen, and the rear camera accesses light in the users 'field of view'/behind the screen. And most Samsung flagships seem to offer RGBW light metering. This will prove pretty epic.
 
 Also with Samsungs four profiles, DCI/Adobe/and regular consumption colour gamuts are supported (and achieved).
 
 Until DxOmark checks out the camera, and until some audio benchmarks (or an iFixit breakdown happens) we will not truly know if Samsung has improved in these other areas as well.
 
 Given they didn't tout the screen improvement (they did mention that the phone got a chip from their flagship TVs for HDR), we might get a few incremental improvements on these other fronts.
 I have been reading on headfi webpage that a killer dac is being implemented 'offboard' the snapdragon chipset (not many example of this happening, Sony Z3/HTC 10/Axon 7 being examples of dedicated outboard DACs). Camera lens refinement might be possible too, given their penchant for add on lenses with the Note 7 release.
 
 What is clear is that Samsung haven't been marketing to tech enthusiasts,.. so a lot of stuff is still 'unrevealed'.
 It is a flagship from a world technology leader.
 I think you might be happy with any of these purchases...
 
 Preorder if your area gives the 256Gb card.
 4k video record hoses space pretty quickly, and I will have a pretty large FLAC collection onboard at any given time....; A few factors to consider...; Assuming the remote play PS4 stuff isn't your interest (pretty sure Sony tablets/phones/vita /play tv are needed for that)...; You would be happy with either of these Samsung phones,.. their build quality is in the same ballpark in a way that Sony X series might not be..; Price wise, any concerns?; S7/S7 Edge are great phones.; The N7 (Note 7) does offer a few, and somewhat 'slight' improvements over the S7 counterparts if you have no vision for wanting the SPen, but maybe not enough to warrant a much higher cost..; Simply put; the Note series exists for spen usage (wasn't always the case, but as the 'S' series grew in screen size/battery capacity; most 'metrics' are now equal or at parity).; If there is a big price difference (which might prove likely with the release of this new Note) you will have to make a decision whether, if not using the Spen, these incremental changes are worthwhile.; I will not give a full rundown of changes, as nor has Samsung..; But from just one review by displaymate, I can see there is sufficient 'tock' in the screen technology ('tochnology'), to make the purchase worthwhile for some...; A)The HDR chipset/processing and capable screen.; This is a biggie. At first I was dismissive of this feature for a few reasons... I couldn't imagine any practical way to get really large files/potentially having to be uncompressed 'bluray rips'(which I have no issue making) directly onto the phone. No one wants to give up that much storage, and I wouldn't like to have to stream that much bandwidth to something I am holding so close to my body. Turns out it is not the case. Some video streaming services offer HDR materials, and, worst case scenario, the hardware will 'upscale' (not resolution but colour gamut /increased range) using the actual hardware to improve potentially all viseo files. This is different (to my understanding) of what Sony does with its colour profiling akin to their TV lineup, to create a 'vivid' colour playback.; HDR is about to become a 'battleground' for display/screen retailers and manufacturers.; Given there is no standard in place for this format, many 'HDR compatible/capable' screens simply won't be anything special. To implement this technology well on an LCD screen would prove very costly, so will likley, in most instances, prove to be 'spec sheet bragging' with no actual meaningful gain. Hopefully cheap screens do not destroy consumer perspective about what true HDR screens can do... like the one in the Note 7.; In fact when I first read that the N7 would have HDR, I believed it would be a marketing point; I just didn't believe that the screen could have a contrast range good enough to really implement this well... then I found out that these OLED pixels, combined, were capable of pushing out 800-to over 1000 nit brightness.; The N7 is one of the best screens on the planet right now and a noticable improvement over Note 4/5 screen tech.; B) Now, that extra brightness plays into another 'spec sheet' claim that I was dismissive of; the feature to drop from QHD (quad high definition) to FHD (full high def) and even HD (xbox gaming resolution, ahem, "High Def"). I just figured OLED (organically emitting light displays) which do not have a backlight, would just get 'really dark' as less pixels fired (the pixels themselves being what illuminates the image)). With that much brightness available (greater than 1000nits), even the 'HD' mode will be bright enough.; Don't worry to much about reolution... even sonys' impressive 'true 4k' implementation on their Z lineup @800pixels per inch, offers no realworld increase in sharpness over the 'diamond array' 500pixels per inch screen on the Samsung OLED flagships.; Now displaymate have been one of the go to benchmarking websites for tech journalists and industry for many years. Many years ago they made some suggestions to the industry about how to implement better screens in their devices; one of these suggestion has made a first time appearance (to my knowledge) on the new Note 7... "Dual camera light balance"...; The front camera assesses light landing on the surface of the screen, and the rear camera accesses light in the users 'field of view'/behind the screen. And most Samsung flagships seem to offer RGBW light metering. This will prove pretty epic.; Also with Samsungs four profiles, DCI/Adobe/and regular consumption colour gamuts are supported (and achieved).; Until DxOmark checks out the camera, and until some audio benchmarks (or an iFixit breakdown happens) we will not truly know if Samsung has improved in these other areas as well.; Given they didn't tout the screen improvement (they did mention that the phone got a chip from their flagship TVs for HDR), we might get a few incremental improvements on these other fronts.; I have been reading on headfi webpage that a killer dac is being implemented 'offboard' the snapdragon chipset (not many example of this happening, Sony Z3/HTC 10/Axon 7 being examples of dedicated outboard DACs). Camera lens refinement might be possible too, given their penchant for add on lenses with the Note 7 release.; What is clear is that Samsung haven't been marketing to tech enthusiasts,.. so a lot of stuff is still 'unrevealed'.; It is a flagship from a world technology leader.; I think you might be happy with any of these purchases...; Preorder if your area gives the 256Gb card.; 4k video record hoses space pretty quickly, and I will have a pretty large FLAC collection onboard at any given time....
mir, 14 Aug 2016You won't go wrong with either device.The note 7 is just an S7E with a pen, iris scanner and USB-C, so yeah either device you'll be ok!; The note 7 is just an S7E with a pen, iris scanner and USB-C, so yeah either device you'll be ok!
NiJon, 13 Aug 2016as a Sony user and part fan.. Should I think about getting a samsung instead? the recently lea... moreYou won't go wrong with either device.; You won't go wrong with either device.
Note 7 INJUSTICE, 13 Aug 2016nicely penned whitedragon.. i have no issues about the lauch price.. my issue is about the pre... moreYeah, the free stuff is pretty inconsistent. They are pushing VR gear, yet it's heavy, grainy in quality (a compelling reason for 8k resolution for the future) and tiring after only a few minutes. I didn't like the experience.
 
 Mu carrier is giving out free wireless Battery backpack charger (waterproofed), and clear back case. Don't like them, as the wireless charger can charges only about 2000mAh out of the 3100mAh capacity it has, and clear case will never protect the front.
 
 The best case for this is a Goshtek super protective case which I will preorder. That thing doubles even the water-resistant resistance, way better than the SAME COST Otterbox for shock - it has a sturdy aluminum frame. It looks WAY better!
 
 I wanted the 256 GB microSD, or the Gear Fit 2 offer. That's like $200 on each option.; Yeah, the free stuff is pretty inconsistent. They are pushing VR gear, yet it's heavy, grainy in quality (a compelling reason for 8k resolution for the future) and tiring after only a few minutes. I didn't like the experience.; Mu carrier is giving out free wireless Battery backpack charger (waterproofed), and clear back case. Don't like them, as the wireless charger can charges only about 2000mAh out of the 3100mAh capacity it has, and clear case will never protect the front.; The best case for this is a Goshtek super protective case which I will preorder. That thing doubles even the water-resistant resistance, way better than the SAME COST Otterbox for shock - it has a sturdy aluminum frame. It looks WAY better!; I wanted the 256 GB microSD, or the Gear Fit 2 offer. That's like $200 on each option.
-microSD, up to 256 GB (uses SIM 2 slot) - dual-SIM model- That is a no go for someone, who want or need a 2Sim phone! I am so sorry, Samsung; -microSD, up to 256 GB (uses SIM 2 slot) - dual-SIM model- That is a no go for someone, who want or need a 2Sim phone! I am so sorry, Samsung
whitedragon, 12 Aug 2016Note 7 prices... Australia $1350; $1036 US dollars UK £750; $970 US dollars Europe ... morenicely penned whitedragon.. i have no issues about the lauch price.. my issue is about the preorder gifts.. there should be equality in all countries related to it..; nicely penned whitedragon.. i have no issues about the lauch price.. my issue is about the preorder gifts.. there should be equality in all countries related to it..
The.NEI.G.H.B.O.R., 13 Aug 2016I don't know why most people complain about TouchWiz - Samsung needs to do it to run stuff Van... moreI actually like TouchWiz. I personnaly think this is the best OEM modification ever made to Android, but people can think what they want... I mean, like you said, they've improved Android with new features that other manufacturers ported again (Multiwindow, for example, has been ported by LG, for instance) and that will be finally supported by AOSP (like Vulkan)! Nature UX really changed Android for the best.
 
 Its not like comparing Windows ME to Windows 7, where we all know which one is the worst...; I actually like TouchWiz. I personnaly think this is the best OEM modification ever made to Android, but people can think what they want... I mean, like you said, they've improved Android with new features that other manufacturers ported again (Multiwindow, for example, has been ported by LG, for instance) and that will be finally supported by AOSP (like Vulkan)! Nature UX really changed Android for the best.; Its not like comparing Windows ME to Windows 7, where we all know which one is the worst...
Anonymous, 13 Aug 2016for camera first xperia x ( non performance) next htc 10 next note 7 for all features first no... moreS7 camera is better than htc 10 and xperia.Read the reviews.; S7 camera is better than htc 10 and xperia.Read the reviews.
NiJon, 13 Aug 2016S7E = S7 Edge S7N = S7 Note seemed logical to me? :P s7 note ?!!! it is galaxy note 7; s7 note ?!!! it is galaxy note 7
Mikah, 13 Aug 2016I believe the SGN7E is the same as Huawei P9 plus besides the fact that it is a phablet. But I... moreYeah and cheaper but better.; Yeah and cheaper but better.
Alexshah, 13 Aug 2016No IR Blaster? I am used to samsung IR Blaster via Peel. This is sad. I hope Samsung will incl... moreNot majority uses IR blaster, it is not essential for a smartphone.; Not majority uses IR blaster, it is not essential for a smartphone.
Equinox Hydroid, 13 Aug 2016what do you mean by S7N ?!S7E = S7 Edge
 S7N = S7 Note
 
 seemed logical to me? :P; S7E = S7 Edge; S7N = S7 Note; seemed logical to me? :P
NiJon, 13 Aug 2016as a Sony user and part fan.. Should I think about getting a samsung instead? the recently lea... morewhat do you mean by S7N ?!; what do you mean by S7N ?!
Mikah, 13 Aug 2016I believe the SGN7E is the same as Huawei P9 plus besides the fact that it is a phablet. But I... moreExcept the Note7's camera is the very same as the S7 Edge ranked #1 overall still shots and video recording by DxOMark Mobile.; Except the Note7's camera is the very same as the S7 Edge ranked #1 overall still shots and video recording by DxOMark Mobile.
Attention! 
 There is no 6gb version..
 All models contain 2 sim slots and the second can take an Sd card.; Attention!; There is no 6gb version..; All models contain 2 sim slots and the second can take an Sd card.
as a Sony user and part fan.. Should I think about getting a samsung instead? the recently leaks from sony doesnt appeal to me and so im starting to look at the S7E and S7N atm.. just not sure which one to get..
 
 currently using a xperia Z5; as a Sony user and part fan.. Should I think about getting a samsung instead? the recently leaks from sony doesnt appeal to me and so im starting to look at the S7E and S7N atm.. just not sure which one to get..; currently using a xperia Z5
Anonymous, 13 Aug 2016which one? camera is important for me pls answer. note 7 or s7 or xperia x or xperia x perform... morefor camera first xperia x ( non performance) next htc 10 next note 7 for all features first note 7 next xperia x next htc 10.; for camera first xperia x ( non performance) next htc 10 next note 7 for all features first note 7 next xperia x next htc 10.
Anonymous, 13 Aug 2016xperia x performance ! but if you need stylus and taking note with handwriting and bigger scre... moreok tnx alot . but still i cant choose :'(; ok tnx alot . but still i cant choose :'(
Vipul Bariya, 13 Aug 2016I am using an S7 Edge currently. Should I upgrade for Note 7 coz mostly all features are same.... morei think it won't be a proper upgrade! but in case you need the S-pen then go for it; i think it won't be a proper upgrade! but in case you need the S-pen then go for it
Anonymous, 13 Aug 2016which one? camera is important for me pls answer. note 7 or s7 or xperia x or xperia x perform... morexperia x performance ! but if you need stylus and taking note with handwriting and bigger screen note7 is better. they are all good just don't buy lg g5 and xiaomi mi5 and huaweip9 . and for photography with many details moto x force is amasing.; xperia x performance ! but if you need stylus and taking note with handwriting and bigger screen note7 is better. they are all good just don't buy lg g5 and xiaomi mi5 and huaweip9 . and for photography with many details moto x force is amasing.
Alexshah, 13 Aug 2016No IR Blaster? I am used to samsung IR Blaster via Peel. This is sad. I hope Samsung will incl... moreOne of the reasons I still love my V10, first smartphone I'm fine keeping with all the new handsets out.; One of the reasons I still love my V10, first smartphone I'm fine keeping with all the new handsets out.
Tcool, 13 Aug 2016LOL! Putting more features and reducing the price at the same time? Keep on dreaming.But it could be possible it would cause s massive increase in sales; But it could be possible it would cause s massive increase in sales
Anonymous, 13 Aug 2016which one? camera is important for me pls answer. note 7 or s7 or xperia x or xperia x perform... moreI would buy S7 Edge, same camera as note 7, and cheaper. Bigger battery in S7 Edge; I would buy S7 Edge, same camera as note 7, and cheaper. Bigger battery in S7 Edge
No IR Blaster? I am used to samsung IR Blaster via Peel. This is sad. I hope Samsung will include this module in the coming future model.; No IR Blaster? I am used to samsung IR Blaster via Peel. This is sad. I hope Samsung will include this module in the coming future model.
I believe the SGN7E is the same as Huawei P9 plus besides the fact that it is a phablet. But I go for P9 plus camerawise; I believe the SGN7E is the same as Huawei P9 plus besides the fact that it is a phablet. But I go for P9 plus camerawise
Anonymous, 13 Aug 2016which one? camera is important for me pls answer. note 7 or s7 or xperia x or xperia x perform... moreCamerawise go for Huawei P9 plus, it has dual 12Mp Leica lens which is superb.; Camerawise go for Huawei P9 plus, it has dual 12Mp Leica lens which is superb.
Vipul Bariya, 13 Aug 2016I am using an S7 Edge currently. Should I upgrade for Note 7 coz mostly all features are same.... moreDear User:
 If you already using S7 Edge Smart Phone,
 Because Of Same Hardware And Most Futures,
 I Recommend You To Wait For Our New Phone Of S Series.
 
 New Things Are Comming
 
 Be With Us; Dear User:; If you already using S7 Edge Smart Phone,; Because Of Same Hardware And Most Futures,; I Recommend You To Wait For Our New Phone Of S Series.; New Things Are Comming; Be With Us
AVIRAJ, 13 Aug 2016no fm radio ?No Dear User:
 Samsung Never Used FM Radio On Note Series Or S Series; No Dear User:; Samsung Never Used FM Radio On Note Series Or S Series
which one? camera is important for me pls answer. note 7 or s7 or xperia x or xperia x performance or xperia z5 premium or htc 10 or or or and more ors. choosing is very hard .; which one? camera is important for me pls answer. note 7 or s7 or xperia x or xperia x performance or xperia z5 premium or htc 10 or or or and more ors. choosing is very hard .
no fm radio ?; no fm radio ?
Dual SIM with separate dedicated memory slot is required, since it is not available in this model i totally reject it buying such costly phone.; Dual SIM with separate dedicated memory slot is required, since it is not available in this model i totally reject it buying such costly phone.
For dual sim model dedicated memory slot is necessary . Otherwise buying of this model is just a waste of money .; For dual sim model dedicated memory slot is necessary . Otherwise buying of this model is just a waste of money .
I have SGS7 Edge , and I'm happy
 .SG Note7 will be the next because of the stylus . Currently, the best phablet on the market.; I have SGS7 Edge , and I'm happy; .SG Note7 will be the next because of the stylus . Currently, the best phablet on the market.
Vipul Bariya, 13 Aug 2016I am using an S7 Edge currently. Should I upgrade for Note 7 coz mostly all features are same.... more6GB Ram version will be available in world(not sure about india) after some time.
 But,i(personally) advice you not to upgrade to Note 7 from S7E.
 Note 7 is the best in market now and most future proof but comparing it to S7E.
 They only have 3/4 differences.
 So,don't waste your money.; 6GB Ram version will be available in world(not sure about india) after some time.; But,i(personally) advice you not to upgrade to Note 7 from S7E.; Note 7 is the best in market now and most future proof but comparing it to S7E.; They only have 3/4 differences.; So,don't waste your money.
I am using an S7 Edge currently. Should I upgrade for Note 7 coz mostly all features are same. I was expecting 6GB ram, 4000 mah battery & something more with the camera in Note 7 ? But it has nearly all the same specs of S7 Edge ? 
 
 Also would like to know when is the blue colour going to be available in India ?; I am using an S7 Edge currently. Should I upgrade for Note 7 coz mostly all features are same. I was expecting 6GB ram, 4000 mah battery & something more with the camera in Note 7 ? But it has nearly all the same specs of S7 Edge ?; Also would like to know when is the blue colour going to be available in India ?
saif, 12 Aug 2016i agree...one more thing why samsung dont give Blue Coral colour in indiaIt is some kind of regional discrimination.; It is some kind of regional discrimination.
THE MONK, 13 Aug 2016I still maintain the fact that if dey put an ir blaster a bigger battery made it slimmer also ... moreLOL! Putting more features and reducing the price at the same time?
 Keep on dreaming.; LOL! Putting more features and reducing the price at the same time?; Keep on dreaming.
I love Samsung Galaxy s7 and the features are amazing; I love Samsung Galaxy s7 and the features are amazing
whitedragon, 12 Aug 2016Note 7 prices... Australia $1350; $1036 US dollars UK £750; $970 US dollars Europe ... moreCorrection: For Canadian market, if you Pre-Order the Note 7, you can get the VR PLUS either a Level Speaker or a Gear Fit 2. Actually only two places offers this promotion: Vidéotron and Costco (Rogers gives a 64 GB microSD, while you can get either the speaker or the Gear Fit 2 +200$ off if you trade-in, while Bell only offers either the speaker or the Gear Fit 2 +200$ off if you trade-in); Correction: For Canadian market, if you Pre-Order the Note 7, you can get the VR PLUS either a Level Speaker or a Gear Fit 2. Actually only two places offers this promotion: Vidéotron and Costco (Rogers gives a 64 GB microSD, while you can get either the speaker or the Gear Fit 2 +200$ off if you trade-in, while Bell only offers either the speaker or the Gear Fit 2 +200$ off if you trade-in)
I think de best phone right now should be the zte axon 7 6gb ram version just no ir blaster; I think de best phone right now should be the zte axon 7 6gb ram version just no ir blaster
I still maintain the fact that if dey put an ir blaster a bigger battery made it slimmer also put in quick charge 3.0,fm radio and reduced the price it would be the perfect phone; I still maintain the fact that if dey put an ir blaster a bigger battery made it slimmer also put in quick charge 3.0,fm radio and reduced the price it would be the perfect phone
azr181, 12 Aug 2016What is best in this mobile cost is very high i not understand?????All the software, hardware and sensors aren't free to make you know!
 The camera is one of the best for smartphones yet (the same as the S7)
 4 GB of LPDDR4 RAM, which is kinda expensive
 Big juicy battery too...
 The display is 4 times the display of HDTVs (not FHD) with HDR support (a premium feature only newest 4K TVs had)
 64 GB of UFSII, which is very fast and expensive
 Many sensors like IR...
 Cool design with IP68
 Kinda lightweight.
 New TouchWiz UI UX (Grace)
 New S Pen that supports 4096 different levels of pressure; All the software, hardware and sensors aren't free to make you know!; The camera is one of the best for smartphones yet (the same as the S7); 4 GB of LPDDR4 RAM, which is kinda expensive; Big juicy battery too...; The display is 4 times the display of HDTVs (not FHD) with HDR support (a premium feature only newest 4K TVs had); 64 GB of UFSII, which is very fast and expensive; Many sensors like IR...; Cool design with IP68; Kinda lightweight.; New TouchWiz UI UX (Grace); New S Pen that supports 4096 different levels of pressure
I think this note is the most successful note that Samsung ever made .. NO DOUBT .
 OFF LIMITS TO APPLE FANBOYS PLEASE ...; I think this note is the most successful note that Samsung ever made .. NO DOUBT .; OFF LIMITS TO APPLE FANBOYS PLEASE ...
ProJames, 12 Aug 2016Yeah I forgot the HDR, but the UI will for sure be implented on the S7 with 7.0 (Upgrade from ... moreI don't know why most people complain about TouchWiz - Samsung needs to do it to run stuff Vanilla Android has not done. Samsung was the first to develop multi-windows for it. S Pen features. Camera software.; I don't know why most people complain about TouchWiz - Samsung needs to do it to run stuff Vanilla Android has not done. Samsung was the first to develop multi-windows for it. S Pen features. Camera software.
note7 with 6gb ram would be perfect; note7 with 6gb ram would be perfect
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 12 Aug 2016Let's not forget the new Secret Folder, better camera UI with intuitive swipe functions for ea... moreYeah I forgot the HDR, but the UI will for sure be implented on the S7 with 7.0 (Upgrade from Nature UX to Grace UX. Remember TouchWiz UX is a name that regroups many other UI, such as TouchWiz Home and the camera UI); Yeah I forgot the HDR, but the UI will for sure be implented on the S7 with 7.0 (Upgrade from Nature UX to Grace UX. Remember TouchWiz UX is a name that regroups many other UI, such as TouchWiz Home and the camera UI)
yes. in Cambodia have three color but no blue coral??; yes. in Cambodia have three color but no blue coral??
madan, 11 Aug 2016I agree wth u mr.dr.xyz..i agree...one more thing why samsung dont give Blue Coral colour in india; i agree...one more thing why samsung dont give Blue Coral colour in india
ParthaGhosh, 12 Aug 2016it Model/phone all over function is fully awesome . Features are best from others. But, S... more...and the ability to toast bread!
 
 I think previous dual sim phones, with micro sd card slots were not waterproof. (Actually I bought an Asperia with that feature, for the father of my daughters' brother - say that ten times quickly)
 I get the request though!
 I like what they have done with this release... it really looks like they are trying.
 
 Extra power, case add on.
 Better 'sharpenss' in zoomed photos (eg only practical benefit of more megapixels/phone cameras not very good for 'poster prints' (vs any real camera)); buy lens case.
 Dual sim,.. check
 Micro sd.
 Incremental OLED improvement. Check
 Stacks of cool features that haven't even been mentioned, but had to be 'uncovered' by technical reviewers. Check and mate!
 
 I really hope the exynos version has awesome sound(for headphones). Cirruslogic buying wolfson and Exynos being paired up this way; I am excited for someone confirming what they hear! (Audio journalist preferably), though I will be very happy for GSMArenas analysis...
 
 This phone could nearly be'one box to rule them all'.
 
 If they have nailed perfect screen/camera and audio... then lets just hope it can still make good phone calls...
 
 A poster earlier on in this thread mentioned they dropped a microphone? Is this confirmed?
 
 Speakers and microphones can be used for inverse functions (learned at sixteen when I misplugged a mic into my soundblasters 'wrong hole'),.. maybe some trickery.
 
 Dual mic noise reduction is pretty important to call quality.
 
 They couldn't have thrown the baby out with the bath water, and forgot to make this thing do (great) phone calls?
 
 Audio is the only wild card for me presently, based on what I have read. This thing could be pretty damn perfect.
 Gonna get a cobalt blue stylus for my black onyx, and use the black stylus on the older Notes in the house....; ...and the ability to toast bread!; I think previous dual sim phones, with micro sd card slots were not waterproof. (Actually I bought an Asperia with that feature, for the father of my daughters' brother - say that ten times quickly); I get the request though!; I like what they have done with this release... it really looks like they are trying.; Extra power, case add on.; Better 'sharpenss' in zoomed photos (eg only practical benefit of more megapixels/phone cameras not very good for 'poster prints' (vs any real camera)); buy lens case.; Dual sim,.. check; Micro sd.; Incremental OLED improvement. Check; Stacks of cool features that haven't even been mentioned, but had to be 'uncovered' by technical reviewers. Check and mate!; I really hope the exynos version has awesome sound(for headphones). Cirruslogic buying wolfson and Exynos being paired up this way; I am excited for someone confirming what they hear! (Audio journalist preferably), though I will be very happy for GSMArenas analysis...; This phone could nearly be'one box to rule them all'.; If they have nailed perfect screen/camera and audio... then lets just hope it can still make good phone calls...; A poster earlier on in this thread mentioned they dropped a microphone? Is this confirmed?; Speakers and microphones can be used for inverse functions (learned at sixteen when I misplugged a mic into my soundblasters 'wrong hole'),.. maybe some trickery.; Dual mic noise reduction is pretty important to call quality.; They couldn't have thrown the baby out with the bath water, and forgot to make this thing do (great) phone calls?; Audio is the only wild card for me presently, based on what I have read. This thing could be pretty damn perfect.; Gonna get a cobalt blue stylus for my black onyx, and use the black stylus on the older Notes in the house....
What is best in this mobile cost is very high i not understand?????; What is best in this mobile cost is very high i not understand?????
it Model/phone all over function is fully awesome .
 Features are best from others. 
 
 But, Sim Slot and Memory Card slot is not good Enough.
 why we are not use in both sim card with Memory card Slot use ?
 
 So, I request front of Samsung company and C.E.O , sir & team please next time launch models which will be this comfortable feature. (DUAL SIM WITH MEMORY CARD SLOT)......; it Model/phone all over function is fully awesome .; Features are best from others.; But, Sim Slot and Memory Card slot is not good Enough.; why we are not use in both sim card with Memory card Slot use ?; So, I request front of Samsung company and C.E.O , sir & team please next time launch models which will be this comfortable feature. (DUAL SIM WITH MEMORY CARD SLOT)......
It is launched in India but sales will start on 2nd Sept 2016; It is launched in India but sales will start on 2nd Sept 2016
Note 7 INJUSTICE, 11 Aug 2016Hello Samsung, Firstly i would congratulate with your Note 7 launch in INDIA. I am Dr.XYZ fr... moreNote 7 prices...
 
 Australia $1350; $1036 US dollars
 UK £750; $970 US dollars
 Europe 820; $916 US dollars
 France (yes Euro) 859; $959 US
 Canada $1050; $811 US
 Indian rupee (my ipad doesn't have the symbol on the keyboard, no disrespect intended...)
 59,900 is $896 US dollars
 
 
 Quick research (from an ipad, on the couch)
 All markets have differing inclusions,.. eg France had coral blue, canada gets cool speakers AND VR
 
 USA gets choice of watch or micro sd...
 Sure in australia we get a micro sd card,.. but from what I see, with no Coral Blue option, we get hosed here.
 Now I am no Doctor/have no Ph. D....
 But given all the territories that are getting large delays on the release,.. India is doing alright launch wise.
 
 I get that you are excited, but in the context of a global market, Sammy IS looking after you.
 
 My Note Edge got Lollipop a day ago. India many many moons ago!
 
 In the immortal words of a man who killed himself "Don't Worry, Be Happy"; Note 7 prices...; Australia $1350; $1036 US dollars; UK £750; $970 US dollars; Europe 820; $916 US dollars; France (yes Euro) 859; $959 US; Canada $1050; $811 US; Indian rupee (my ipad doesn't have the symbol on the keyboard, no disrespect intended...); 59,900 is $896 US dollars; Quick research (from an ipad, on the couch); All markets have differing inclusions,.. eg France had coral blue, canada gets cool speakers AND VR; USA gets choice of watch or micro sd...; Sure in australia we get a micro sd card,.. but from what I see, with no Coral Blue option, we get hosed here.; Now I am no Doctor/have no Ph. D....; But given all the territories that are getting large delays on the release,.. India is doing alright launch wise.; I get that you are excited, but in the context of a global market, Sammy IS looking after you.; My Note Edge got Lollipop a day ago. India many many moons ago!; In the immortal words of a man who killed himself "Don't Worry, Be Happy"
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 12 Aug 2016We have HDR10 with the Note7 - the first in any mobile. "...the implication is that we all ... moreWow well worth getting just like the premium Note 5 64GB not 32GB.
 Same material, same non-removable battery, both no IR.; Wow well worth getting just like the premium Note 5 64GB not 32GB.; Same material, same non-removable battery, both no IR.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 12 Aug 2016We have HDR10 with the Note7 - the first in any mobile. "...the implication is that we all ... moreYeah I will get one the blue coral color.; Yeah I will get one the blue coral color.
Anonymous, 12 Aug 2016It is not important to you. But for many people it isIt is important to you but for many people it is not!; It is important to you but for many people it is not!
whitedragon, 12 Aug 2016Wowsers, I don't get why you would give up all the local bonuses for Egypt (an earlier poster ... moreWell, the specs junkies want their fix...; Well, the specs junkies want their fix...
Moh, 12 Aug 2016Guys, please answer me before I commit in the n7. Does it matter from which country you buy t... moreWowsers, I don't get why you would give up all the local bonuses for Egypt (an earlier poster gave a long list of what the preorder bonuses there included,.. made me want one from Egypt!)
 
 6Gb of ram won't do anything for the phone,.. it is just samsung marketing into the chinese market where they are having a 'spec war'.
 It keeps them sounding relevant, and they know they would lose sales against silly specced alternatives.
 Same as they labelled it Note 7 (rather than Note 6); purely for marketing reasons ; why do you think the chinese alternatives are giving silly RAM? (purely for marketing reasons!); Wowsers, I don't get why you would give up all the local bonuses for Egypt (an earlier poster gave a long list of what the preorder bonuses there included,.. made me want one from Egypt!); 6Gb of ram won't do anything for the phone,.. it is just samsung marketing into the chinese market where they are having a 'spec war'.; It keeps them sounding relevant, and they know they would lose sales against silly specced alternatives.; Same as they labelled it Note 7 (rather than Note 6); purely for marketing reasons ; why do you think the chinese alternatives are giving silly RAM? (purely for marketing reasons!)
Tcool, 12 Aug 2016I will buy it when the price go down and by that time 128GB version will be available. 128GB ... moreWhilst the price is 'up' it comes with 320Gb (not 128Gb, not 64Gb not 32Gb,..not 16Gb, not 8Gb,..... not 128kb...not 8 bytes,.. and not one 'bit' more...)
 
 Greater than 300Gb usable.. 64Gb (54Gb usable, plus the 256Gb micro SD)
 
 Those micro sd cards are a great gift, an excellent addition, and a bonus for preorders!
 
 Or wait, save a dollar, and get 64Gb or, pay more, and get 128Gb...; Whilst the price is 'up' it comes with 320Gb (not 128Gb, not 64Gb not 32Gb,..not 16Gb, not 8Gb,..... not 128kb...not 8 bytes,.. and not one 'bit' more...); Greater than 300Gb usable.. 64Gb (54Gb usable, plus the 256Gb micro SD); Those micro sd cards are a great gift, an excellent addition, and a bonus for preorders!; Or wait, save a dollar, and get 64Gb or, pay more, and get 128Gb...
Tcool, 12 Aug 2016Note 7 base storage is 64GB everywhere not 32GB like the S7 Edge.I want comparing it with the S7... I was comparing it to the Note.5. :-); I want comparing it with the S7... I was comparing it to the Note.5. :-)
We want Blue Colour, nothing else, you always do it lke now, held it then release when no demand. Not this time Sammy, 850$ set Chinese never dream off, even same ditto!; We want Blue Colour, nothing else, you always do it lke now, held it then release when no demand. Not this time Sammy, 850$ set Chinese never dream off, even same ditto!
We have HDR10 with the Note7 - the first in any mobile.
 
 "...the implication is that we all get to enjoy better color granularity, which is to say a much more nuanced color spectrum, and therefore a more compelling image".
 
 Wow, well worth getting it!; We have HDR10 with the Note7 - the first in any mobile.; "...the implication is that we all get to enjoy better color granularity, which is to say a much more nuanced color spectrum, and therefore a more compelling image".; Wow, well worth getting it!
Azcaliente602, 12 Aug 2016Im not too impressed with the amount of ram jn this newer device however i am impressed that i... moreDude... 4 Gb Ram is too good okay? It is not as much as the one plus 3 which has a rocking 6 gb ram.. now think fir a while.. with 6 gb ram what are you gonna do? And as far as the camera are concerned it never matters on mp.. the s6 has a 16mp shooter while s7 has a 12 mp which is the same as the note.. nd its better than the s6.. so yea; Dude... 4 Gb Ram is too good okay? It is not as much as the one plus 3 which has a rocking 6 gb ram.. now think fir a while.. with 6 gb ram what are you gonna do? And as far as the camera are concerned it never matters on mp.. the s6 has a 16mp shooter while s7 has a 12 mp which is the same as the note.. nd its better than the s6.. so yea
sk, 12 Aug 2016see this guys .... LeEco Le 2s pictured, said to have 8GB of RAM and Snapdragon 821.... co... morebigger doesn't necessarily mean better. look at the s7/s7 edge with the dual pixel camera. it has fewer mp's but it's the best cameraphone around. it's all about software integration. and from the looks of it, the note 7 is a total beast at it.; bigger doesn't necessarily mean better. look at the s7/s7 edge with the dual pixel camera. it has fewer mp's but it's the best cameraphone around. it's all about software integration. and from the looks of it, the note 7 is a total beast at it.
Azcaliente602, 12 Aug 2016Im not too impressed with the amount of ram jn this newer device however i am impressed that i... morethat 12mp camera is objectively the best in the business. don't let the numbers fool you.; that 12mp camera is objectively the best in the business. don't let the numbers fool you.
Note series has always been close to my heart. I am using it since Note3 and loving it all the way through. Note 7 is special and surely I will get it even if its a little beyond my reach ;); Note series has always been close to my heart. I am using it since Note3 and loving it all the way through. Note 7 is special and surely I will get it even if its a little beyond my reach ;)
Azcaliente602, 12 Aug 2016Im not too impressed with the amount of ram jn this newer device however i am impressed that i... moreMegaPixel dont mean anything .; MegaPixel dont mean anything .
Moh, if you wanna buy this phone from China, you can get some problems with "Operator lock" or "Regional lock", when you will use Note7 in Egypt. And if you will get this problem with your new phone, it will be long story: you will go to Samsung service, they can unlock phone, but for some payment ( this payment can be about 20% from phone price) and it will be during 5-7 days. Not so cool; Moh, if you wanna buy this phone from China, you can get some problems with "Operator lock" or "Regional lock", when you will use Note7 in Egypt. And if you will get this problem with your new phone, it will be long story: you will go to Samsung service, they can unlock phone, but for some payment ( this payment can be about 20% from phone price) and it will be during 5-7 days. Not so cool
Anonymous, 11 Aug 2016Get a quality generic VR headset.I have a sony hmd t3w.
 Would like to one day add headtracking.
 
 Personally I dont like the idea of gamers having phones so close to their face for prolonged periods.
 If we turned all the radios off, perhaps.
 I know most guidelines suggest 45min headset wear before a break, some saying 30 min
 
 Perhaps if the radios were turned off..; I have a sony hmd t3w.; Would like to one day add headtracking.; Personally I dont like the idea of gamers having phones so close to their face for prolonged periods.; If we turned all the radios off, perhaps.; I know most guidelines suggest 45min headset wear before a break, some saying 30 min; Perhaps if the radios were turned off..
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 12 Aug 2016Let's not forget the new Secret Folder, better camera UI with intuitive swipe functions for ea... moreI will buy it when the price go down and by that time 128GB version will be available.
 128GB not 64GB not 32GB, but 128GB.; I will buy it when the price go down and by that time 128GB version will be available.; 128GB not 64GB not 32GB, but 128GB.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 12 Aug 2016Let's not forget the new Secret Folder, better camera UI with intuitive swipe functions for ea... moreNote 7 base storage is 64GB everywhere not 32GB like the S7 Edge.; Note 7 base storage is 64GB everywhere not 32GB like the S7 Edge.
Moh, 12 Aug 2016Guys, please answer me before I commit in the n7. Does it matter from which country you buy t... moreIt doesn't matter as long as you will unlock the region lock of the phone before bringing it to other country.; It doesn't matter as long as you will unlock the region lock of the phone before bringing it to other country.
Moh, 12 Aug 2016Guys, please answer me before I commit in the n7. Does it matter from which country you buy t... moreThe best way to find out is to check the frequency bands of the phone your planning to get against from china against the international model, since China does use a different frequency for some of it's carriers and at times a non GSM compatible technology called CDMA in their phones... also if something goes wrong with the phone you'll have a lot of warranty headaches..better to buy it where you live...; The best way to find out is to check the frequency bands of the phone your planning to get against from china against the international model, since China does use a different frequency for some of it's carriers and at times a non GSM compatible technology called CDMA in their phones... also if something goes wrong with the phone you'll have a lot of warranty headaches..better to buy it where you live...
Anonymous, 11 Aug 2016crappy phone like note 5 . funny stylus i hate it when taking notes or drawing its feeling is ... moreYes exactly. I think many of this people before hiting this page and send a comment didn't have one of this note phones before. note series are good phones but just good not excellent .when i see pressure sensetive in 4096 level for its stylus i just smile! when you use thats non-perfect stylus u press it with very little pressure for fine lines or heavy pressure for thicker lines. you just use two level of that 4096 level! samsung marketing is the best.; Yes exactly. I think many of this people before hiting this page and send a comment didn't have one of this note phones before. note series are good phones but just good not excellent .when i see pressure sensetive in 4096 level for its stylus i just smile! when you use thats non-perfect stylus u press it with very little pressure for fine lines or heavy pressure for thicker lines. you just use two level of that 4096 level! samsung marketing is the best.
ugly design ! why samsung dont leave that ugly front buttons like lg and sony. i hate that symbols for recent and back keys that you can't ever change with themes and mods.; ugly design ! why samsung dont leave that ugly front buttons like lg and sony. i hate that symbols for recent and back keys that you can't ever change with themes and mods.
Guys, please answer me before I commit in the n7.
 Does it matter from which country you buy the mob from?
 I plan to buy it from China but will use in Egypt. All my previous mobiles where based on United Arab Emirates os.
 Does it matter?
 Thanks all.; Guys, please answer me before I commit in the n7.; Does it matter from which country you buy the mob from?; I plan to buy it from China but will use in Egypt. All my previous mobiles where based on United Arab Emirates os.; Does it matter?; Thanks all.
One of the best phone right now if not the best. I just can't afford it.; One of the best phone right now if not the best. I just can't afford it.
Im not too impressed with the amount of ram jn this newer device however i am impressed that it contains 8 processesors which should reduce the amount of use of ram. Really 12 mp? Now thatz gotta go; Im not too impressed with the amount of ram jn this newer device however i am impressed that it contains 8 processesors which should reduce the amount of use of ram. Really 12 mp? Now thatz gotta go
Does it support double sim... i mean 2 lines working at the same time ?; Does it support double sim... i mean 2 lines working at the same time ?
Hey GSMARENA. why are you not write any kind of information about USB-host, Mhl Support, TV-0ut support , Charging uot USB support and things like this? This information is reali impprtant and usefull.; Hey GSMARENA. why are you not write any kind of information about USB-host, Mhl Support, TV-0ut support , Charging uot USB support and things like this? This information is reali impprtant and usefull.
sk, 12 Aug 2016see this guys .... LeEco Le 2s pictured, said to have 8GB of RAM and Snapdragon 821.... co... moreAgreed. I pre-ordered the Samsung galaxy note 7, and it would be nice if Samsung gave us more ram likes its competitors, but I don't need 6GB of ram to play games on my phone, and etc. I was rather disappointed when I found out the Note 7 in China will have 6GB of ram. :( . At least the 4GB is DDR4.; Agreed. I pre-ordered the Samsung galaxy note 7, and it would be nice if Samsung gave us more ram likes its competitors, but I don't need 6GB of ram to play games on my phone, and etc. I was rather disappointed when I found out the Note 7 in China will have 6GB of ram. :( . At least the 4GB is DDR4.
Anonymous, 11 Aug 2016crappy phone like note 5 . funny stylus i hate it when taking notes or drawing its feeling is ... moreThen leave this page. Hahaha!; Then leave this page. Hahaha!
SaltandPepper, 12 Aug 2016Nope, blue coral is also available in North America (US and Canada)Still racial discrimination, why not globally?; Still racial discrimination, why not globally?
see this guys .... LeEco Le 2s pictured, said to have 8GB of RAM and Snapdragon 821....
 
 companies are coming out with 8 GB RAM... and samsung is still stuck with 4 GB ... shame...; see this guys .... LeEco Le 2s pictured, said to have 8GB of RAM and Snapdragon 821....; companies are coming out with 8 GB RAM... and samsung is still stuck with 4 GB ... shame...
pink colour; pink colour
[deleted post]Nope, blue coral is also available in North America (US and Canada); Nope, blue coral is also available in North America (US and Canada)
naval, 11 Aug 2016why no blue color?If you read the specs again you will notice "Blue Coral" as one of the colors.; If you read the specs again you will notice "Blue Coral" as one of the colors.
Nice one; Nice one
ProJames, 12 Aug 2016Note 7 vs S7: Note 7 has an other version of TouchWiz (even more minimalistic) S7 has the Gr... moreLet's not forget the new Secret Folder, better camera UI with intuitive swipe functions for easier handling on camera modes, more S Pen levels of pressure at 4096 and more pen functions, new power modes with changing the screen resolution, stronger aluminium 7000 series frame construction, HDR mode on camera and screen, and screen on with your jotted memory.
 
 Memory expansion takes a very compelling reason to upgrade from the last year's failed Galaxy Note. Who the heck wanted just 32 GB? 64 GB was NOT available everywhere.; Let's not forget the new Secret Folder, better camera UI with intuitive swipe functions for easier handling on camera modes, more S Pen levels of pressure at 4096 and more pen functions, new power modes with changing the screen resolution, stronger aluminium 7000 series frame construction, HDR mode on camera and screen, and screen on with your jotted memory.; Memory expansion takes a very compelling reason to upgrade from the last year's failed Galaxy Note. Who the heck wanted just 32 GB? 64 GB was NOT available everywhere.
Note 7 vs S7:
 Note 7 has an other version of TouchWiz (even more minimalistic)
 S7 has the Grey TouchWiz that is almost the same as the Lollipop TouchWiz
 Note 7 has 3500mAh
 S7 has 3600mAh
 Both screens and camera are the same.
 Both SoC are the same.
 Both cameras are the same.
 Note 7 frontal camera is equipped with IR for Iris unlock.
 All other sensors are the same.
 Note 7 has the S Pen
 
 Why buy this one over the S7?: The Iris unlock and less pronounced edge, along with the usual S Pen, USB-C
 Why not: Slightly smaller battery, almost the same as the S7
 
 Why upgrade over the Note 5: Will get updates that the Note 5 won't, expandable storage, better camera, improved SoC and battery, IP68, USB-C
 Why not: If you aren't looking for the latest gimmick, you'll be ok.; Note 7 vs S7:; Note 7 has an other version of TouchWiz (even more minimalistic); S7 has the Grey TouchWiz that is almost the same as the Lollipop TouchWiz; Note 7 has 3500mAh; S7 has 3600mAh; Both screens and camera are the same.; Both SoC are the same.; Both cameras are the same.; Note 7 frontal camera is equipped with IR for Iris unlock.; All other sensors are the same.; Note 7 has the S Pen; Why buy this one over the S7?: The Iris unlock and less pronounced edge, along with the usual S Pen, USB-C; Why not: Slightly smaller battery, almost the same as the S7; Why upgrade over the Note 5: Will get updates that the Note 5 won't, expandable storage, better camera, improved SoC and battery, IP68, USB-C; Why not: If you aren't looking for the latest gimmick, you'll be ok.
Tcool, 11 Aug 2016It is not important, no need.It is not important to you. But for many people it is; It is not important to you. But for many people it is
I have owned all Notes and loved them. This is a very nice phone with all the new bells and whistles. Price is too high for me to afford this one. So, I will not get Note 7 unless price comes down in a near future.; I have owned all Notes and loved them. This is a very nice phone with all the new bells and whistles. Price is too high for me to afford this one. So, I will not get Note 7 unless price comes down in a near future.
Saubhagya S7 Edge, 11 Aug 2016Was so much eager for prebooking the BLACK ONYX NOTE 7 But with this over priced tag i will n... moreMeh nope.; Meh nope.
crappy phone like note 5 . funny stylus i hate it when taking notes or drawing its feeling is so bad. design is not good . 94 precent daily hit for what?! i waiting for next xperia flagship. if sony can t take my heart i go for htc 10. maybe xperia x or xiaomi mi5 pro but samsung no never ever.; crappy phone like note 5 . funny stylus i hate it when taking notes or drawing its feeling is so bad. design is not good . 94 precent daily hit for what?! i waiting for next xperia flagship. if sony can t take my heart i go for htc 10. maybe xperia x or xiaomi mi5 pro but samsung no never ever.
Who ever are ore booking are crazy fly brained people. Why not book me one. Blue Coral not even imported! Maybe sell on premium. Only brandnew, otherwise cpu,gpu same as S7edge just released months back.; Who ever are ore booking are crazy fly brained people. Why not book me one. Blue Coral not even imported! Maybe sell on premium. Only brandnew, otherwise cpu,gpu same as S7edge just released months back.
I don't care about getting the "free" VR gear with the Note7. Doesn't anyone think it's that heavy, grainy in resolution, and a whole lot cumbersome to use? I've tried it a couple of times and it's strainful to the neck, eyes with not even reaching 5 minutes of using with the demo units in stores.
 
 It's not even the true VR experience like HTC Vive, and that too is still crude with wires running behind your head to a required high-end PC. It's not as wonderful as it looks.
 
 Unless 360° cameras are actually imbedded to the smartphone, becomes better in resolution, less strainful to use, less embarrassing and cheaper than the $300+ pricetag for a 360° camera, I'll just wait a little bit more for the entire thing to mature.
 
 My carrier is instead giving out free clear case and that wireless 3100mAh battery backpack case (quite ironic). I plan to get a real higher capacity non-wireless one from Zerolemon once they make it in 3 to 4 months. I would have been a lot happier with the 256 GB microSD card or Gear Fit 2 offer they are giving to the US customers.; I don't care about getting the "free" VR gear with the Note7. Doesn't anyone think it's that heavy, grainy in resolution, and a whole lot cumbersome to use? I've tried it a couple of times and it's strainful to the neck, eyes with not even reaching 5 minutes of using with the demo units in stores.; It's not even the true VR experience like HTC Vive, and that too is still crude with wires running behind your head to a required high-end PC. It's not as wonderful as it looks.; Unless 360° cameras are actually imbedded to the smartphone, becomes better in resolution, less strainful to use, less embarrassing and cheaper than the $300+ pricetag for a 360° camera, I'll just wait a little bit more for the entire thing to mature.; My carrier is instead giving out free clear case and that wireless 3100mAh battery backpack case (quite ironic). I plan to get a real higher capacity non-wireless one from Zerolemon once they make it in 3 to 4 months. I would have been a lot happier with the 256 GB microSD card or Gear Fit 2 offer they are giving to the US customers.
Note 7 INJUSTICE, 11 Aug 2016Hello Samsung, Firstly i would congratulate with your Note 7 launch in INDIA. I am Dr.XYZ fr... moreI agree wth u mr.dr.xyz..; I agree wth u mr.dr.xyz..
why no blue color?; why no blue color?
Was so much eager for prebooking the BLACK ONYX NOTE 7
 But with this over priced tag i will now stay away from the NOTE 7..from Pre Book At least. 
 
 As its so sure that it will witness a big price drop in coming month.
 
 and What we get is again that Stupid VR and that too not free ...will have to pay 2k more.
 
 Wish the price was 57900 and 256/128 gig memory card was given free or a gear fit 2/GearBox as being done in USA/Canada/UAE
 
 Pathetic price and painful PRE BOOK OFFER AND SO MUCH DELAY IN DELIVERY ..
 Such partiality with INDIANS.
 WHY SAMSUNG WHY?? 
 
 
 Such bad pricing in the BIGGEST MARKET IN THE WORLD #INDIA
 
 #NO #TOGALAXYNOTE7 #PRICEDROPSOONTOCOME
 
 I Hope All Agree and will Hold back on Pre Book.; Was so much eager for prebooking the BLACK ONYX NOTE 7; But with this over priced tag i will now stay away from the NOTE 7..from Pre Book At least.; As its so sure that it will witness a big price drop in coming month.; and What we get is again that Stupid VR and that too not free ...will have to pay 2k more.; Wish the price was 57900 and 256/128 gig memory card was given free or a gear fit 2/GearBox as being done in USA/Canada/UAE; Pathetic price and painful PRE BOOK OFFER AND SO MUCH DELAY IN DELIVERY ..; Such partiality with INDIANS.; WHY SAMSUNG WHY??; Such bad pricing in the BIGGEST MARKET IN THE WORLD #INDIA; #NO #TOGALAXYNOTE7 #PRICEDROPSOONTOCOME; I Hope All Agree and will Hold back on Pre Book.
Best mobile
 But 
 Prices is high; Best mobile; But; Prices is high
samsung should give dual active sim system; samsung should give dual active sim system
Too expensive.; Too expensive.
Hello Samsung,
 Firstly i would congratulate with your Note 7 launch in INDIA.
 I am Dr.XYZ from India. Now lets get to the point, other places as US/ CANADA/ UK, etc Note 7 launched with a Gear Fit 2/ 256GB Evo+ MMC free if pre-ordered. Then why us INDIAN are not given such offers on preorder of note 7. 
 Do u think giving a little lollipop like the new Gear VR which infact is almost half the cost of Gear fit 2/ 256GB MMC as a preorder gift that too demanding 1990 INR would go well with the logical, money saving and tech minded INDIANS? Well the answer is NO. 
 This mail is just to ask why this INJUSTICE to INDIANS? Also keep in mind that INDIA is the second biggest Mobile Market in the world, so even if your Note 7 is picked up by even 10 percent people that would give your company much more gains than other market. 
 I love the Note 7 and have been amongst the first 100's of buying your 'S' series flagships from S2 to S6 Edge (skipped the S5 for 5S), so inspite loving Note 7 as an upgrade from my S6 Edge i still will have to reconsider other mobile launches from reputable brands coming soon.
 I expect a reply soon as have mailed to the CEO Desk. I wish every country should have equalities on pre-order gifts and so not fool the existing loyal customers or the brand loyal customers. IN SHORT: STOP this INJUSTICE. 
 I am mailing same email to other mobile and consumer forums.
 We INDIANS are lot more smart than what your company thinks or it itself is..!
 JAI Hind.
 
 Dr.XYZ (Potential Customer of Note 7.. if the Justice Prevails..!); Hello Samsung,; Firstly i would congratulate with your Note 7 launch in INDIA.; I am Dr.XYZ from India. Now lets get to the point, other places as US/ CANADA/ UK, etc Note 7 launched with a Gear Fit 2/ 256GB Evo+ MMC free if pre-ordered. Then why us INDIAN are not given such offers on preorder of note 7.; Do u think giving a little lollipop like the new Gear VR which infact is almost half the cost of Gear fit 2/ 256GB MMC as a preorder gift that too demanding 1990 INR would go well with the logical, money saving and tech minded INDIANS? Well the answer is NO.; This mail is just to ask why this INJUSTICE to INDIANS? Also keep in mind that INDIA is the second biggest Mobile Market in the world, so even if your Note 7 is picked up by even 10 percent people that would give your company much more gains than other market.; I love the Note 7 and have been amongst the first 100's of buying your 'S' series flagships from S2 to S6 Edge (skipped the S5 for 5S), so inspite loving Note 7 as an upgrade from my S6 Edge i still will have to reconsider other mobile launches from reputable brands coming soon.; I expect a reply soon as have mailed to the CEO Desk. I wish every country should have equalities on pre-order gifts and so not fool the existing loyal customers or the brand loyal customers. IN SHORT: STOP this INJUSTICE.; I am mailing same email to other mobile and consumer forums.; We INDIANS are lot more smart than what your company thinks or it itself is..!; JAI Hind.; Dr.XYZ (Potential Customer of Note 7.. if the Justice Prevails..!)
Another let down from Samsung, I've been waiting on this phone to come out so I can upgrade from my note 4, they've gone and sealed the battery and given us the nasty edge bah. looks like il be switching from Samsung; Another let down from Samsung, I've been waiting on this phone to come out so I can upgrade from my note 4, they've gone and sealed the battery and given us the nasty edge bah. looks like il be switching from Samsung
azr181, 11 Aug 2016What in this phone indian price 78000rs in ibay india hhhhhhhhhhhindia prise 60000rs.; india prise 60000rs.
so costly still having 12 mp camera give me a break
 nd battery too
 work on heating problems in ur phones; so costly still having 12 mp camera give me a break; nd battery too; work on heating problems in ur phones
galaxy alpha mali , 09 Aug 2016Year aftwr year and samsung is making us dissapointed and dissapointed .. why samsung ?? Waiti... moreWell said...
 I still use and love my Note 4 and i dont remeber how it feels to wait for the phone to charge...
 I always swap dead battery with a fresh one from the external charger.
 Shame on you Samsung!; Well said...; I still use and love my Note 4 and i dont remeber how it feels to wait for the phone to charge...; I always swap dead battery with a fresh one from the external charger.; Shame on you Samsung!
best phone; best phone
Anonymous, 11 Aug 2016Please guys... Dont waste money.Hahahahahahahahahahahaha; Hahahahahahahahahahahaha
What in this phone indian price 78000rs in ibay india hhhhhhhhhhh; What in this phone indian price 78000rs in ibay india hhhhhhhhhhh
Why no Coral Blue? I was planning to buy that. But now I am disappointed. Is there a chance that they will release blue version in India later someday?! Please suggest.; Why no Coral Blue? I was planning to buy that. But now I am disappointed. Is there a chance that they will release blue version in India later someday?! Please suggest.
Mrd, 11 Aug 2016I use my note4 for taking note in meetings. A little bit bigger display is really will be help... moreI've always loved how the regular Galaxy Notes can be compact enough because it's as big like an A6 notebook. People used to ridiculed how making calls with the first Galaxy Note v was like holding a piece of toast on the side of your head.
 
 6.6" will be jotting out of top shirt pocket, and awkward to be putting in the pants pocket.
 
 The Note7 is like previous Notes, but just a bit narrower. Like the S7 Edge, feels good to hold, yet you have to still cover up that fragile glass back. It's beyond logic why people would ever call it premium material that you end up covering anyway. I would rather it be aluminum 7000 series like its current built-in frame. A whole lot stronger than the previous Note.; I've always loved how the regular Galaxy Notes can be compact enough because it's as big like an A6 notebook. People used to ridiculed how making calls with the first Galaxy Note v was like holding a piece of toast on the side of your head.; 6.6" will be jotting out of top shirt pocket, and awkward to be putting in the pants pocket.; The Note7 is like previous Notes, but just a bit narrower. Like the S7 Edge, feels good to hold, yet you have to still cover up that fragile glass back. It's beyond logic why people would ever call it premium material that you end up covering anyway. I would rather it be aluminum 7000 series like its current built-in frame. A whole lot stronger than the previous Note.
this is quite awesome! samsung galaxy note 7 is the best smartphone that ever released by the company..... all i can say that this is the best phone ever!; this is quite awesome! samsung galaxy note 7 is the best smartphone that ever released by the company..... all i can say that this is the best phone ever!
Please guys... Dont waste money.; Please guys... Dont waste money.
noromo, 10 Aug 2016there wont be any Note 7 Max, but Galaxy A10 is coming end of this year with 6.4" QHD AMOLED.I use my note4 for taking note in meetings. A little bit bigger display is really will be helpful. In my opinion 6.6" display is best size for digital notebook.; I use my note4 for taking note in meetings. A little bit bigger display is really will be helpful. In my opinion 6.6" display is best size for digital notebook.
how its riging volume? lound?; how its riging volume? lound?
Pusht, 11 Aug 2016Why is coral blue not on pre order, again a trap later shop keepers sell on premium. Sammy loo... moreDon't fall on the trap, don't pre order now. Wait until the price go down and they will release different colors. No worry cause all the features will be the same but lower price and lots of colors to choose from.; Don't fall on the trap, don't pre order now. Wait until the price go down and they will release different colors. No worry cause all the features will be the same but lower price and lots of colors to choose from.
Please add information about the battery usage levels and screen on time ,would be very helpfull; Please add information about the battery usage levels and screen on time ,would be very helpfull
The Battery Sizing does not tell me Power Efficiency is Justified. Especially with Samsung Battery Drain Issues. They Should review that again. in my own opinion. Nice Phone; The Battery Sizing does not tell me Power Efficiency is Justified. Especially with Samsung Battery Drain Issues. They Should review that again. in my own opinion. Nice Phone
whitedragon, 11 Aug 2016Black lining on the inside (reduces distracting reflection when the screen lights up) Also mu... moreGet a quality generic VR headset.; Get a quality generic VR headset.
Mr BiG, 11 Aug 2016I tried it and it is a fantastic phone. But speaker is bad.. tiny and weak...sounds like a 10... moreNobody uses loud speaker on smartphone so what's the big deal?; Nobody uses loud speaker on smartphone so what's the big deal?
it is released today at the expected price is 59,900 INR. i am eagerly awaiting for this phone from long time. available in indian market from Sept 2, 2016; it is released today at the expected price is 59,900 INR. i am eagerly awaiting for this phone from long time. available in indian market from Sept 2, 2016
Black Adder , 11 Aug 2016i`m afraid this one (like the others in their time) doesn't deserve the cash they're asking fo... moreGood idea!; Good idea!
i`m afraid this one (like the others in their time) doesn't deserve the cash they're asking for. I will take it though on Christmas at half price which would be closer to the truth.; i`m afraid this one (like the others in their time) doesn't deserve the cash they're asking for. I will take it though on Christmas at half price which would be closer to the truth.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 11 Aug 2016Here are some interesting section profile design comparisons of the S6 Edge, Note.5, S7 Edge, ... moreI am excited with the Gear VR headset that comes with my pre order Note 7.
 I bought 32GB S7 Edge for more than $1000 to my wife as her status symbol nothing more.
 Now I am considering iPad Pro.
 But I post earlier that I don't need other gadgets to compensate my Note 3.
 Anyhow I am a liar so be it.; I am excited with the Gear VR headset that comes with my pre order Note 7.; I bought 32GB S7 Edge for more than $1000 to my wife as her status symbol nothing more.; Now I am considering iPad Pro.; But I post earlier that I don't need other gadgets to compensate my Note 3.; Anyhow I am a liar so be it.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 11 Aug 2016The only thing the Note.5 is good for now is it's 30% off from original price. No memory expan... moreThe only thing the Note 3 is good for now is it's 80% off from original price. No 64GB version. No better camera. No slim body. No fingerprint scanner. No better S Pen. No VR headset support. No Samsung Pay. No v6.0.1 (Marshmallow). No 4 GB RAM. No premium glass body. No fast charging, No wireless charging.; The only thing the Note 3 is good for now is it's 80% off from original price. No 64GB version. No better camera. No slim body. No fingerprint scanner. No better S Pen. No VR headset support. No Samsung Pay. No v6.0.1 (Marshmallow). No 4 GB RAM. No premium glass body. No fast charging, No wireless charging.
The mobile note 7 launch in india and its price is 59,900 it will be awailable on 2nd september.. a free gear vr in just 1990 rs for pre ordered coustmer...; The mobile note 7 launch in india and its price is 59,900 it will be awailable on 2nd september.. a free gear vr in just 1990 rs for pre ordered coustmer...
I tried it and it is a fantastic phone.
 But speaker is bad.. tiny and weak...sounds like a 10 cents speaker in a 1000 $ phone...powerful stereo speakers and front flash would be more useful than the stupid heart monitor nobody uses...; I tried it and it is a fantastic phone.; But speaker is bad.. tiny and weak...sounds like a 10 cents speaker in a 1000 $ phone...powerful stereo speakers and front flash would be more useful than the stupid heart monitor nobody uses...
whitedragon, 11 Aug 2016Black lining on the inside (reduces distracting reflection when the screen lights up) Also mu... moreAppreciate the feedback Tcool, Parag B or whoever you are. If you didn't notice, that was a setup question, as you were questioning Tcool that you thought he already had a VR when they said they can't wait to try the VR. Then you answer my question on the new updates, but questioned that person that you thought they already had it from the Note 5.
 
 I don't know what's going on here but this place is weird. Too many people posting as the same person in different personalities. I'm out...; Appreciate the feedback Tcool, Parag B or whoever you are. If you didn't notice, that was a setup question, as you were questioning Tcool that you thought he already had a VR when they said they can't wait to try the VR. Then you answer my question on the new updates, but questioned that person that you thought they already had it from the Note 5.; I don't know what's going on here but this place is weird. Too many people posting as the same person in different personalities. I'm out...
Why is coral blue not on pre order, again a trap later shop keepers sell on premium. Sammy look into it, esp mea region all colors be supplied adequately. Their is not much top left, have to free fall any day.; Why is coral blue not on pre order, again a trap later shop keepers sell on premium. Sammy look into it, esp mea region all colors be supplied adequately. Their is not much top left, have to free fall any day.
absolut-allen, 11 Aug 2016So you're disappointed in the Note 7 because it doesn't have 6GB RAM, but - you'd rather go ba... moreAt least the latter would be cheaper...; At least the latter would be cheaper...
absolut-allen, 11 Aug 2016Yep, he/she sure did back in the Note 5 thread. What's up with that? Is there a new upgraded V... moreBlack lining on the inside (reduces distracting reflection when the screen lights up)
 Also must use a USBC connector and allow dongle/jack for older connections...
 
 There was something else,.. but I forget what it is...
 Needless to say,. The old VR headsets won't work for this new phone (even if they fit, samsung control via software (eg my note edge didn't work with the note 4 consumer preview units)).
 
 Kind of why so many Free VR sets were given out.. that white inside was a reason to get an improved unit into the market.
 
 Diamond array screens allow for a very high 'perceived' resolution.
 I would take one of these Samsung 2.5k screens over the4k Sony ~800 pixel affair,.. even for VR use!; Black lining on the inside (reduces distracting reflection when the screen lights up); Also must use a USBC connector and allow dongle/jack for older connections...; There was something else,.. but I forget what it is...; Needless to say,. The old VR headsets won't work for this new phone (even if they fit, samsung control via software (eg my note edge didn't work with the note 4 consumer preview units)).; Kind of why so many Free VR sets were given out.. that white inside was a reason to get an improved unit into the market.; Diamond array screens allow for a very high 'perceived' resolution.; I would take one of these Samsung 2.5k screens over the4k Sony ~800 pixel affair,.. even for VR use!
ProJames, 11 Aug 2016Indeed, but where would be the fun without some money-wasting?Yeah you are right, we need not only one gadget, there should be others to compensate.
 One gadget cannot handle it all as there are others who pretend to.; Yeah you are right, we need not only one gadget, there should be others to compensate.; One gadget cannot handle it all as there are others who pretend to.
Anonymous, 11 Aug 2016LOL! Instead of buying a tablet just to use as IR remote control, why not buy a universal remo... moreIndeed, but where would be the fun without some money-wasting?; Indeed, but where would be the fun without some money-wasting?
ProJames, 11 Aug 2016Yet the answer is no, but it could change in the future. Instead, you could buy some kind of I... moreLOL! Instead of buying a tablet just to use as IR remote control, why not buy a universal remote control. There are lots of them available at cheaper price than a tablet.; LOL! Instead of buying a tablet just to use as IR remote control, why not buy a universal remote control. There are lots of them available at cheaper price than a tablet.
Was able to use the phone myself earlier. It's awesome! Thanks for that experience Samsung! :); Was able to use the phone myself earlier. It's awesome! Thanks for that experience Samsung! :)
absolut-allen, 11 Aug 2016Yep, he/she sure did back in the Note 5 thread. What's up with that? Is there a new upgraded V... moreYeah the dual port microUSB/USB type C.; Yeah the dual port microUSB/USB type C.
Overall it is very good mobile. Now we are analyzing we have the processor speed is similar to the "Iphone 6s plus", so the "Iphone 7s plus" (next to leave) will be twice as fast, given the logic of Iphone to double power a year to another. In my previous post: No strived to improve the camera far from the Note 4 Note edge, Note 5, and S6, and nothing pains to improve S7, at least could have put an 8 megapixel on the front or add flash to the front, and also could have put the 16/9 ratio option both, especially more in the main, because although improved in low-light photos during the day not only have lower quality resolution regarding the Note 4 and 5, which were 16 against 12 mpx mpx of Note 7 but also do not have 16/9 proportion photographs at high resolution (going back to the old format window 4/3). On the other hand they did not improve too much battery, which is 3.5A, against 3,22A of the Note 4 which was separate removable, since they could have put one of 4A as in the S7 Active. It also has a microphone less, compared to the Note 4. could have put stereo audio. also they did not put infrared port and the rest Note 4. I improve. He will miss testing the resistance to scratches and scratches gorilla 5, since the gorilla in April was less scratch resistant than the gorilla 3 Note Edge, which turned out to be better against scratches and scratches the Note 4, 5, and S6; Overall it is very good mobile. Now we are analyzing we have the processor speed is similar to the "Iphone 6s plus", so the "Iphone 7s plus" (next to leave) will be twice as fast, given the logic of Iphone to double power a year to another. In my previous post: No strived to improve the camera far from the Note 4 Note edge, Note 5, and S6, and nothing pains to improve S7, at least could have put an 8 megapixel on the front or add flash to the front, and also could have put the 16/9 ratio option both, especially more in the main, because although improved in low-light photos during the day not only have lower quality resolution regarding the Note 4 and 5, which were 16 against 12 mpx mpx of Note 7 but also do not have 16/9 proportion photographs at high resolution (going back to the old format window 4/3). On the other hand they did not improve too much battery, which is 3.5A, against 3,22A of the Note 4 which was separate removable, since they could have put one of 4A as in the S7 Active. It also has a microphone less, compared to the Note 4. could have put stereo audio. also they did not put infrared port and the rest Note 4. I improve. He will miss testing the resistance to scratches and scratches gorilla 5, since the gorilla in April was less scratch resistant than the gorilla 3 Note Edge, which turned out to be better against scratches and scratches the Note 4, 5, and S6
aaaa222, 11 Aug 2016Im dissapointed with the note 7 i was thinking it will come with 6 GB ram . I better go for note 5 So you're disappointed in the Note 7 because it doesn't have 6GB RAM, but - you'd rather go back to the Note 5 which is older technology in every way and also has 4GB RAM?
 
 Anyone else understand the logic?; So you're disappointed in the Note 7 because it doesn't have 6GB RAM, but - you'd rather go back to the Note 5 which is older technology in every way and also has 4GB RAM?; Anyone else understand the logic?
whitedragon, 10 Aug 2016I thought you had VR headset with your Note 5..Yep, he/she sure did back in the Note 5 thread. What's up with that? Is there a new upgraded VR for the Note 7?; Yep, he/she sure did back in the Note 5 thread. What's up with that? Is there a new upgraded VR for the Note 7?
q1, 10 Aug 2016What about infrared, the remote control?! Does it have it? Yet the answer is no, but it could change in the future. Instead, you could buy some kind of IR blaster that works with USB OTG, or just buy an Galaxy Tab S with IR
 
 The only IR blaster is on the camera; Yet the answer is no, but it could change in the future. Instead, you could buy some kind of IR blaster that works with USB OTG, or just buy an Galaxy Tab S with IR; The only IR blaster is on the camera
whitedragon, 11 Aug 2016Not sure what you are suggesting here.. I think you are trying to infer that iDevices copy ot... moreHere are some interesting section profile design comparisons of the S6 Edge, Note.5, S7 Edge, and Note7.
 http://flic.kr/p/L17AcZ 
 http://flic.kr/p/K4zx3Y 
 
 Samsung reduced the Note7 to have a .5mm subtle curved edges. S7 Edge has 1mm radius. According to video demonstrations, Samsung made some apps like the camera function to prevent touches on the curved area to trigger the interface. Neat.; Here are some interesting section profile design comparisons of the S6 Edge, Note.5, S7 Edge, and Note7.; Samsung reduced the Note7 to have a .5mm subtle curved edges. S7 Edge has 1mm radius. According to video demonstrations, Samsung made some apps like the camera function to prevent touches on the curved area to trigger the interface. Neat.
q1, 10 Aug 2016What about infrared, the remote control?! Does it have it? It is not important, no need.; It is not important, no need.
aaaa222, 11 Aug 2016Im dissapointed with the note 7 i was thinking it will come with 6 GB ram . I better go for note 5 Right said.; Right said.
chichu, 11 Aug 2016somebody tell me,what is the effect to note 5 because of note 7 arrival?????quickly reply There is no effect.; There is no effect.
vrvly, 10 Aug 2016Well samsung is first, but we heard rumors about that Premium phone that will come with hdr sc... moreNot sure what you are suggesting here..
 I think you are trying to infer that iDevices copy other brands and are simply reactive to other big companies with their design ethos?
 
 This suggests you don't really know what you are talking about,.. too busy hating 'other "Premium" phones' to understand what they are doing / or actually listen to forum commenters who share positive, useful information.
 
 As an example, Samsung didn't announce that per Display Mates recommendations for how to implement phone screen technology 'well'; they have included dual camera sampling setup that not only looks at the light landing on the phone, for adjusting screen brightness, but also the rear camera looks at the light that the user is looking at 'beyond their phone'.
 
 In fact there is so much technology in the NEW Note 7 (far and beyond the S7) that didn't make press briefs. Doesn't mean it isn't there.
 What the companies have learned is not to market to the technophiles. They are a small part of the customer base. 
 Instead market to the masses. Make the phone appear easy to use, whilst building in technology that improves the user experience.
 
 This is where a knock off phone relying on spec sheet numbers will never truly compare.
 It will to a technologist. But they might eschew a range of other products that truly would have given a superlative experience .. they will never know,.. and perhaps do not want the buyers remorse that an education might offer them.
 Fair enough.
 To be fair a lot of this stuff is such small incremental improvements, that, truth be told,.. we could all use flagship phones from a couple of years ago, and in most instances we wouldn't REALLY be missing much. 
 Just depends on whether the technology advance is relevant to us.
 
 We can take a reductionist approach and say the Note 7 is for S-pen users, and there isn't anything bettering an S7, but this isn't true, nor is it fair to the replacement model, being the Note 5.. over which it has a few significant improvements.
 
 Getting back to PREMIUM PHONE as you put it..
 If you are referring to the company I think you are; they have been mastering lower reflectance (and other 'non spec sheet numbers') for a long time now.
 But they don't advertise it.
 
 If we give credit to a poster here having read a report from the display mate website on the new Note 7, are we being serious to suggest that DisplayMate haven't look at competitors screens? "Just because me, as a fanboy, isn't interested in hearing about it doesn't mean it doesn't exist."
 
 Typical of the human condition. You know,. "Earth being flat"; as an example.; Not sure what you are suggesting here..; I think you are trying to infer that iDevices copy other brands and are simply reactive to other big companies with their design ethos?; This suggests you don't really know what you are talking about,.. too busy hating 'other "Premium" phones' to understand what they are doing / or actually listen to forum commenters who share positive, useful information.; As an example, Samsung didn't announce that per Display Mates recommendations for how to implement phone screen technology 'well'; they have included dual camera sampling setup that not only looks at the light landing on the phone, for adjusting screen brightness, but also the rear camera looks at the light that the user is looking at 'beyond their phone'.; In fact there is so much technology in the NEW Note 7 (far and beyond the S7) that didn't make press briefs. Doesn't mean it isn't there.; What the companies have learned is not to market to the technophiles. They are a small part of the customer base.; Instead market to the masses. Make the phone appear easy to use, whilst building in technology that improves the user experience.; This is where a knock off phone relying on spec sheet numbers will never truly compare.; It will to a technologist. But they might eschew a range of other products that truly would have given a superlative experience .. they will never know,.. and perhaps do not want the buyers remorse that an education might offer them.; Fair enough.; To be fair a lot of this stuff is such small incremental improvements, that, truth be told,.. we could all use flagship phones from a couple of years ago, and in most instances we wouldn't REALLY be missing much.; Just depends on whether the technology advance is relevant to us.; We can take a reductionist approach and say the Note 7 is for S-pen users, and there isn't anything bettering an S7, but this isn't true, nor is it fair to the replacement model, being the Note 5.. over which it has a few significant improvements.; Getting back to PREMIUM PHONE as you put it..; If you are referring to the company I think you are; they have been mastering lower reflectance (and other 'non spec sheet numbers') for a long time now.; But they don't advertise it.; If we give credit to a poster here having read a report from the display mate website on the new Note 7, are we being serious to suggest that DisplayMate haven't look at competitors screens? "Just because me, as a fanboy, isn't interested in hearing about it doesn't mean it doesn't exist."; Typical of the human condition. You know,. "Earth being flat"; as an example.
somebody tell me,what is the effect to note 5 because of note 7 arrival?????quickly reply; somebody tell me,what is the effect to note 5 because of note 7 arrival?????quickly reply
aaaa222, 11 Aug 2016Im dissapointed with the note 7 i was thinking it will come with 6 GB ram . I better go for note 5 The only thing the Note.5 is good for now is it's 30% off from original price. No memory expansion. No water-resistance. No better camera. No bigger battery. No iris scanner. No better S Pen. No USB Type-C.; The only thing the Note.5 is good for now is it's 30% off from original price. No memory expansion. No water-resistance. No better camera. No bigger battery. No iris scanner. No better S Pen. No USB Type-C.
Anonymous, 10 Aug 2016tnx again for answer. i don t like handle big phones and tablet at outdoor then if i buy a gal... moreFood for thought and 'weighing things up'.... 
 
 With regards to getting the right device;
 I am not sure how much your budget is for technology. I usually choose the best available parts (factors for 'best', for me is RELIABILITY pretty much first and foremost), if I spend top dollar I expect it to last.
 
 iPads to me are very expensive.. they also have no moving parts, are exceptionally well built, designed to last, and, I believe, offer better than most with regards to value for money.
 I had purchased a Pro, and knowing that the new Pros (after mine) were going to be the right size for the girlfriend,.. we waited for release.
 I nearly fell off my chair at the pricing (realising I wasn't going to recommend one to her),.. we managed to find an enthusiast who was 'upgrading' and grabbed their old iPad Air2 for around half the 'new' cost. It will hold exceptional resale value, and is without a doubt one of the best tech purchases she has ever had. Certainly suits our needs. (Now an iPad family)
 
 I had to get her a camera, and she wanted one for landscape use. I grabbed her an 'old' Canon Powershot for about the cost of a second hand Ps4 game. She has 20x zoom, fast and relatively high quality glass (lens), and optical stabilisation. With a tripod she takes magnificent shots of the moon.
 
 Both of these purchases are right for her.
 This is the only tech she has bought for a few years (other than her HTC phone, now around four years old).
 
 Why this rant?
 Sometimes second hand stuff can do for us wonders....
 Even if you have the money to spend (my girlfriend did, but the quad speaker setup and incremental updates on the new iPad wasn't worth twice the cost of the iPad we got her, for her... )
 
 I come from a photography background...
 I have owned as many digital cameras as most of our readerbase here have owned phones. Probably a lot more. Having taken hundreds of thousands of digital photos and worked in 'high street' photography stores, my opinion with regards to cameras might be worth something.. and is given here for free. (Keep that in mind anyone who wants to 'take me down a peg')
 
 Three things are important when choosing a camera. (After figuring out our needs, we can choose the right parts based on 'what is right for us'; shooting children is different to capturing landscapes, as an example)
 Lens is very important. Sensor is somewhat important,.. software is somewhat important.
 Garbage in, garbage out... so; lets start with the lens.
 
 Wide angle / landscape shots are often the easiest to capture with regards to light. (Generally during the day, and not needing a fast shutter to 'prevent blur').. They are also quite a tricky lens to implement well. Most phones have, by camera standards, a fairly wide field of view.
 
 The new Note has some Lens kit, official, from Samsung. I believe this is going to net you superior sharpness than a few extra megapixel at the sensor stage. If you are half serious about photography, a phone camera is the wrong camera.. but I always argue that the camera on a person is the camera that will get the shot.
 
 The Note 7 is one of the best snappers on the market right now, for phone cameras.
 Phone cameras can generally be beaten by cheap actual cameras. And a second hand digital cameras, with a little hunting, will get you something that phone cameras will not achieve for a few years yet.
 
 Megapixels is one of the least important metrics when choosing a camera. (It wasn't always, but given that National Geographic accepts a 6Mp shot for a full page print,.. and that the average user never displays photos on a screen beyond 2Mp or prints beyond 4x6",.. lets not worry about megapixel. Yes you could 'crop' a 20Mp shot in half and still have 10Mp, so yes, 1/4 of a 20megapixel shot would still be generally fairly sharp: ASSUMING THE LENS AND OTHER FACTORS KEEP A NICE PHOTO,
 
 Any actual zoom will beat out that 20Mp shot (hands down).
 The Samsung Note 7 Lens kit would make it the vastly better shooter in every situation over just about every other phone camera either previous or yet to be announced for quite a while.
 
 It might prove a good investment.
 Probably have very good resale value if the sellout on preorders for the Note7 is anything to go by.
 
 The best thing?
 It is waterproof... this camera can go EVERYWHERE and always be ready for the shot.
 The slight distortion on the 'landscape lens' is only for 'up close', and can generally be corrected in software if you are serious about your shots.
 
 I would make the combo; Note 7 + lens kit, my go to recommendation. (One product to 'rule them all' -=cough=- pokemon-=cough=-)(see bloody pokemon are everywhere)
 
 The Notes camera, albeit 12Mp is an excellent sensor. I would take smaller Mp numbers on a quality sensor everyday. It will take better shots.
 I won't argue with your past results 'pixel peeping' on super high res photos... but the real world application is simply a 2x zoom to equivalent picture.. (all things being equal; which the 23mp Sony sensors not optically stabilised are not)
 
 I love Sony Sensors. I use a six year old Sony Nex system as my 'best' camera presently.
 But not for the megapixels.
 
 ;-) (gotta go, serving breakfast to my daughter who is late for school, my bad!); Food for thought and 'weighing things up'....; With regards to getting the right device;; I am not sure how much your budget is for technology. I usually choose the best available parts (factors for 'best', for me is RELIABILITY pretty much first and foremost), if I spend top dollar I expect it to last.; iPads to me are very expensive.. they also have no moving parts, are exceptionally well built, designed to last, and, I believe, offer better than most with regards to value for money.; I had purchased a Pro, and knowing that the new Pros (after mine) were going to be the right size for the girlfriend,.. we waited for release.; I nearly fell off my chair at the pricing (realising I wasn't going to recommend one to her),.. we managed to find an enthusiast who was 'upgrading' and grabbed their old iPad Air2 for around half the 'new' cost. It will hold exceptional resale value, and is without a doubt one of the best tech purchases she has ever had. Certainly suits our needs. (Now an iPad family); I had to get her a camera, and she wanted one for landscape use. I grabbed her an 'old' Canon Powershot for about the cost of a second hand Ps4 game. She has 20x zoom, fast and relatively high quality glass (lens), and optical stabilisation. With a tripod she takes magnificent shots of the moon.; Both of these purchases are right for her.; This is the only tech she has bought for a few years (other than her HTC phone, now around four years old).; Why this rant?; Sometimes second hand stuff can do for us wonders....; Even if you have the money to spend (my girlfriend did, but the quad speaker setup and incremental updates on the new iPad wasn't worth twice the cost of the iPad we got her, for her... ); I come from a photography background...; I have owned as many digital cameras as most of our readerbase here have owned phones. Probably a lot more. Having taken hundreds of thousands of digital photos and worked in 'high street' photography stores, my opinion with regards to cameras might be worth something.. and is given here for free. (Keep that in mind anyone who wants to 'take me down a peg'); Three things are important when choosing a camera. (After figuring out our needs, we can choose the right parts based on 'what is right for us'; shooting children is different to capturing landscapes, as an example); Lens is very important. Sensor is somewhat important,.. software is somewhat important.; Garbage in, garbage out... so; lets start with the lens.; Wide angle / landscape shots are often the easiest to capture with regards to light. (Generally during the day, and not needing a fast shutter to 'prevent blur').. They are also quite a tricky lens to implement well. Most phones have, by camera standards, a fairly wide field of view.; The new Note has some Lens kit, official, from Samsung. I believe this is going to net you superior sharpness than a few extra megapixel at the sensor stage. If you are half serious about photography, a phone camera is the wrong camera.. but I always argue that the camera on a person is the camera that will get the shot.; The Note 7 is one of the best snappers on the market right now, for phone cameras.; Phone cameras can generally be beaten by cheap actual cameras. And a second hand digital cameras, with a little hunting, will get you something that phone cameras will not achieve for a few years yet.; Megapixels is one of the least important metrics when choosing a camera. (It wasn't always, but given that National Geographic accepts a 6Mp shot for a full page print,.. and that the average user never displays photos on a screen beyond 2Mp or prints beyond 4x6",.. lets not worry about megapixel. Yes you could 'crop' a 20Mp shot in half and still have 10Mp, so yes, 1/4 of a 20megapixel shot would still be generally fairly sharp: ASSUMING THE LENS AND OTHER FACTORS KEEP A NICE PHOTO,; Any actual zoom will beat out that 20Mp shot (hands down).; The Samsung Note 7 Lens kit would make it the vastly better shooter in every situation over just about every other phone camera either previous or yet to be announced for quite a while.; It might prove a good investment.; Probably have very good resale value if the sellout on preorders for the Note7 is anything to go by.; The best thing?; It is waterproof... this camera can go EVERYWHERE and always be ready for the shot.; The slight distortion on the 'landscape lens' is only for 'up close', and can generally be corrected in software if you are serious about your shots.; I would make the combo; Note 7 + lens kit, my go to recommendation. (One product to 'rule them all' -=cough=- pokemon-=cough=-)(see bloody pokemon are everywhere); The Notes camera, albeit 12Mp is an excellent sensor. I would take smaller Mp numbers on a quality sensor everyday. It will take better shots.; I won't argue with your past results 'pixel peeping' on super high res photos... but the real world application is simply a 2x zoom to equivalent picture.. (all things being equal; which the 23mp Sony sensors not optically stabilised are not); I love Sony Sensors. I use a six year old Sony Nex system as my 'best' camera presently.; But not for the megapixels.; ;-) (gotta go, serving breakfast to my daughter who is late for school, my bad!)
Im dissapointed with the note 7 i was thinking it will come with 6 GB ram . I better go for note 5; Im dissapointed with the note 7 i was thinking it will come with 6 GB ram . I better go for note 5
Anyone who bought it tell me about the battery life ? :D; Anyone who bought it tell me about the battery life ? :D
Ridam, 10 Aug 2016I watch this page everyday. Also I watch every note 7 hands on videos. But, no capacity afford... moreI couldn't afford it either but I found a way now I'm going to be rich; I couldn't afford it either but I found a way now I'm going to be rich
q1, 10 Aug 2016What about infrared, the remote control?! Does it have it? No. Nobody cares about that.; No. Nobody cares about that.
What about infrared, the remote control?! Does it have it?; What about infrared, the remote control?! Does it have it?
whitedragon, 10 Aug 2016Brightness 1000nits,,.. that was my concern for dropping down to FHD or HD, the inevitable bri... moreWell samsung is first, but we heard rumors about that Premium phone that will come with hdr screen and about 1300nits. Its to be expected, wonder what tech, but such deep blacks and low reflection wont have, so I wonder if they will play old card - small battery in big body - or they will bring something, they should. Also in camera matters.; Well samsung is first, but we heard rumors about that Premium phone that will come with hdr screen and about 1300nits. Its to be expected, wonder what tech, but such deep blacks and low reflection wont have, so I wonder if they will play old card - small battery in big body - or they will bring something, they should. Also in camera matters.
whitedragon, 10 Aug 2016Cheers (buddy) for asking.... Ummm,.. I would have to know your usage...(needs) The ipad... moretnx again for answer. i don t like handle big phones and tablet at outdoor then if i buy a galaxy note 7 or ipad i will use it just at home . for outdoor i want good photography performance . i love s7 but when i zoom on pictures that taked with its 12 mp camera i can see oil-canvas effects that i hate it and for landscape pictures it can t focus on far places or objects but xperia x pictures is better and its design is better than s7 but now i think about new nexus devices too . htc nexus 5p looks great . audio output is not important. i have ps4 and it is better to go for xperia but updates in nexus devices bold them in my brain . if i have ipad pro and nexus device i will be always up to date . then i wait for new nexus 5p. i will chose between nexus or xperia . tonight i will purchase my ipad first . tnx a lot; tnx again for answer. i don t like handle big phones and tablet at outdoor then if i buy a galaxy note 7 or ipad i will use it just at home . for outdoor i want good photography performance . i love s7 but when i zoom on pictures that taked with its 12 mp camera i can see oil-canvas effects that i hate it and for landscape pictures it can t focus on far places or objects but xperia x pictures is better and its design is better than s7 but now i think about new nexus devices too . htc nexus 5p looks great . audio output is not important. i have ps4 and it is better to go for xperia but updates in nexus devices bold them in my brain . if i have ipad pro and nexus device i will be always up to date . then i wait for new nexus 5p. i will chose between nexus or xperia . tonight i will purchase my ipad first . tnx a lot
Tcool, 10 Aug 2016I am excited to try the Gear VR headset that comes free with my Note 7. Just curious if what ... moreI thought you had VR headset with your Note 5..; I thought you had VR headset with your Note 5..
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 10 Aug 2016I thinker around with the S7 Edge's camera and I think you'll enjoy motion photo- an extra 3-s... moreSo you don't need another gadget to compensate your Note 3.
 Hot about considering also an iPad Pro?; So you don't need another gadget to compensate your Note 3.; Hot about considering also an iPad Pro?
I am excited to try the Gear VR headset that comes free with my Note 7.
 Just curious if what I am saying against VR headset are true.; I am excited to try the Gear VR headset that comes free with my Note 7.; Just curious if what I am saying against VR headset are true.
I pre order Note 7 to compensate my Note 3, in addition was considering an iPad Pro.
 I bought my wife a 32GB S7 Edge at more than $1000 for her status symbol nothing more.; I pre order Note 7 to compensate my Note 3, in addition was considering an iPad Pro.; I bought my wife a 32GB S7 Edge at more than $1000 for her status symbol nothing more.
whitedragon, 10 Aug 2016I know right!?// Brand X can make a cup of coffee in the morning. And hug you to sleep at ... moreWhat company are you with? I have Note Edge with Vodafone and recently got Marshmallows v6.0 and before that had lollipop. Im still torn on should I get Note 7 or not though mostly just because for me it is S7 on steroids with pen. Need to move on as my Note Edge wont connect to any Bluetooth hi fi device, only PC or other phones and thats about it. Embarrassing really when mates at the time had far lesser phones which could do that. Wish Samsung would make say screen that is compatible with Spen which we could hook up to Note so that screen is used for writing etc as no matter how good their pen is screen is just to small to use to its full potential.; What company are you with? I have Note Edge with Vodafone and recently got Marshmallows v6.0 and before that had lollipop. Im still torn on should I get Note 7 or not though mostly just because for me it is S7 on steroids with pen. Need to move on as my Note Edge wont connect to any Bluetooth hi fi device, only PC or other phones and thats about it. Embarrassing really when mates at the time had far lesser phones which could do that. Wish Samsung would make say screen that is compatible with Spen which we could hook up to Note so that screen is used for writing etc as no matter how good their pen is screen is just to small to use to its full potential.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 08 Aug 2016I doubt the V10 can do 8 hours SOT, unless you're using extended battery.I never said the V10 is better. Its battery life is terrible (saved only by quick charge and swapping batteries). I would like the missing features to be in the Next Note, hopefully.; I never said the V10 is better. Its battery life is terrible (saved only by quick charge and swapping batteries). I would like the missing features to be in the Next Note, hopefully.
sr777, 10 Aug 2016How dumb. Some people are comparing iPad pro with Galaxy Note. iPads should be compared wi... moreNo one is doing that.
 
 Clearly you didn't even try to read or understand the question they were asking...
 
 They asked a question: "which would suit them better, for around the house use,. Watching movies etc."
 
 Many self help books say 'we often see in others what we fear of ourselves.; No one is doing that.; Clearly you didn't even try to read or understand the question they were asking...; They asked a question: "which would suit them better, for around the house use,. Watching movies etc."; Many self help books say 'we often see in others what we fear of ourselves.
vrvly, 10 Aug 2016Is it me or they did not mention ambilight sensor on back. Also brightness go up to 1000nits. ... moreBrightness 1000nits,,.. that was my concern for dropping down to FHD or HD, the inevitable brightness drop (OLED brightness comes from illuminating pixels)..
 If 1000nits is true the HDR video, and FHD, HD all become kind of AWESOME!
 
 
 Nice one Bruvva!; Brightness 1000nits,,.. that was my concern for dropping down to FHD or HD, the inevitable brightness drop (OLED brightness comes from illuminating pixels)..; If 1000nits is true the HDR video, and FHD, HD all become kind of AWESOME!; Nice one Bruvva!
whitedragon, 10 Aug 2016From a photography point of view (pun not intended but I will take what I can get), f1.7 on a ... moreI thinker around with the S7 Edge's camera and I think you'll enjoy motion photo- an extra 3-second video prior to the still shots. It increase the file size to 7 to 8 mb to each 12mp pictures, but it gives context to what you're shooting.
 
 Like people hurrying up, and see how artificially they would set their smiles before the shot. Or just naturally occurring events. One thing though, they took out raw image outputs! But not worried about it.
 
 That fast fire up and focus really works! Waterproof of the phone had me not worry recording our kids playing in the rain.
 
 Low light photos is very much good. Dxomark Mobile had ranked the S7 Edge #1 as having the best performing overall still shots and video recording scores.
 
 That same quality and a few more tricks with the interface being improved for better one-handed operations make it so compelling for me to getting the Note7.; I thinker around with the S7 Edge's camera and I think you'll enjoy motion photo- an extra 3-second video prior to the still shots. It increase the file size to 7 to 8 mb to each 12mp pictures, but it gives context to what you're shooting.; Like people hurrying up, and see how artificially they would set their smiles before the shot. Or just naturally occurring events. One thing though, they took out raw image outputs! But not worried about it.; That fast fire up and focus really works! Waterproof of the phone had me not worry recording our kids playing in the rain.; Low light photos is very much good. Dxomark Mobile had ranked the S7 Edge #1 as having the best performing overall still shots and video recording scores.; That same quality and a few more tricks with the interface being improved for better one-handed operations make it so compelling for me to getting the Note7.
Is it me or they did not mention ambilight sensor on back. Also brightness go up to 1000nits. Also reflection is the best. Take that you can set resolution of screen - you will got awesome battery endurance.; Is it me or they did not mention ambilight sensor on back. Also brightness go up to 1000nits. Also reflection is the best. Take that you can set resolution of screen - you will got awesome battery endurance.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 10 Aug 2016Today, I was passing by the store and tested the Note7's pen on the Note 3 to draw. It seems t... moreFrom a photography point of view (pun not intended but I will take what I can get), f1.7 on a small sensor is far from achieving the sort of defocus than an actual camera (big sensor) achieves with an f1.7...
 
 But...
 I love the software that sammy has.. something about changing the focus after the shot.. It looks like it is software defocus, but it is certainly clever.. must be some sort of dual shot trick that does a little bit like what HDR cameras do when they combine shots.
 
 Does make me wonder how much the camera software mucks about with our photos prior to 'we' the user actually getting them.
 
 Waterproofness does it for me..
 And a few of the cool new spen features (like language translate etc)
 
 Being on a note edge and without lollipop I cannot even write straight to screen upon pulling out the Spen. Samsung suck for purposefully delaying my region (one of the first that got the note edge) from getting the update. Note 4s have it as of a week ago. Flagship customers who paid 20% more for a plastic backed screen and 'gorilla glass 3'? Stuff you says samsung.
 - we will delay you getting the update knowing you are the kind of customers with money that will buy an upgrade!
 
 Ever since I installed marshmallow- half the edge features (eg camera buttons on the edge when taking photos) have gone.
 
 I don't like samsungs tactics,.. but I do like samsungs phones.
 
 Hmmmm. I really hope the amp section in the Note 7 is quality . I have an Exynos variant on its way.. Soo looking forward to seeing some benchmarks on audio quality.
 
 And, yeah.. that camera.
 Sony burned me a few years ago on a TX5 that was factory recalled (laminate peeling), so my 'daily shooter' (waterproof/dropproof/freezeproof etc) went into the shop. And they lost it.
 
 I have chased it down for years. I have spent many many hours on the phone and via email.
 The best the bastards have offered me is half off a new product. I explained they are nuts if they think I would give them more money after how they had treated me....
 
 So this Note 7 will be my new 'daily snapper'. Soooo excited!; From a photography point of view (pun not intended but I will take what I can get), f1.7 on a small sensor is far from achieving the sort of defocus than an actual camera (big sensor) achieves with an f1.7...; But...; I love the software that sammy has.. something about changing the focus after the shot.. It looks like it is software defocus, but it is certainly clever.. must be some sort of dual shot trick that does a little bit like what HDR cameras do when they combine shots.; Does make me wonder how much the camera software mucks about with our photos prior to 'we' the user actually getting them.; Waterproofness does it for me..; And a few of the cool new spen features (like language translate etc); Being on a note edge and without lollipop I cannot even write straight to screen upon pulling out the Spen. Samsung suck for purposefully delaying my region (one of the first that got the note edge) from getting the update. Note 4s have it as of a week ago. Flagship customers who paid 20% more for a plastic backed screen and 'gorilla glass 3'? Stuff you says samsung.; - we will delay you getting the update knowing you are the kind of customers with money that will buy an upgrade!; Ever since I installed marshmallow- half the edge features (eg camera buttons on the edge when taking photos) have gone.; I don't like samsungs tactics,.. but I do like samsungs phones.; Hmmmm. I really hope the amp section in the Note 7 is quality . I have an Exynos variant on its way.. Soo looking forward to seeing some benchmarks on audio quality.; And, yeah.. that camera.; Sony burned me a few years ago on a TX5 that was factory recalled (laminate peeling), so my 'daily shooter' (waterproof/dropproof/freezeproof etc) went into the shop. And they lost it.; I have chased it down for years. I have spent many many hours on the phone and via email.; The best the bastards have offered me is half off a new product. I explained they are nuts if they think I would give them more money after how they had treated me....; So this Note 7 will be my new 'daily snapper'. Soooo excited!
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 10 Aug 2016Today, I was passing by the store and tested the Note7's pen on the Note 3 to draw. It seems t... moreI was stoked when I read that you had played with a Note 7 stylus on older Notes (an earlier post..)..
 
 My daughter has a Note 2, my about to become loungeroom fodder device is a Note Edge.
 
 Thinking about buying a cobalt blue Spen for my Black Onyx Note 7.
 My black Note 7 Spen becoming a spare and enjoying play on the older devices..
 
 You rule for trying this out. (Again, +1); I was stoked when I read that you had played with a Note 7 stylus on older Notes (an earlier post..)..; My daughter has a Note 2, my about to become loungeroom fodder device is a Note Edge.; Thinking about buying a cobalt blue Spen for my Black Onyx Note 7.; My black Note 7 Spen becoming a spare and enjoying play on the older devices..; You rule for trying this out. (Again, +1)
whitedragon, 10 Aug 2016I did consider (for file sharing) going with an Apple phone,.. but their SAR is too high for m... moreToday, I was passing by the store and tested the Note7's pen on the Note 3 to draw. It seems that the Note7's S Pen hardware is responsible for better response.
 
 The Note 3's S Pen needed more pressure to create wider or bold lines, while the Note7's has way more range and I don't have to exert so much pressure to get bolder lines.
 
 Funny thing is, I can just buy a separate Note7 S Pen to get better results! Haha, but I want that F/1.7 camera.; Today, I was passing by the store and tested the Note7's pen on the Note 3 to draw. It seems that the Note7's S Pen hardware is responsible for better response.; The Note 3's S Pen needed more pressure to create wider or bold lines, while the Note7's has way more range and I don't have to exert so much pressure to get bolder lines.; Funny thing is, I can just buy a separate Note7 S Pen to get better results! Haha, but I want that F/1.7 camera.
I watch this page everyday. Also I watch every note 7 hands on videos. But, no capacity afford it. ... #sad; I watch this page everyday. Also I watch every note 7 hands on videos. But, no capacity afford it. ... #sad
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 10 Aug 2016I'm considering the iPad Pro because I have yet to find a negative review from a graphics arti... moreI did consider (for file sharing) going with an Apple phone,.. but their SAR is too high for me.
 I do see the benefits of going to an All Apple ecosystem,.. and the GF grabbed an Air2 after she saw my tablet.
 My daughter has had an iPad2 for years now.. and with the exception of needing to support an IT customer of mine, I borrowed it from her to see how to sort out the problem,.. other than that I had never used an iPad or iDevice (apart from the first Shuffle 512Mb and a 3rd gen Shuffle I won from some internet reviews; that I gave to my daughter after seeing iTUnes annoyances).
 
 I did look at Sony RXR cameras that could wifi direct to iPad, and the sony Lens cameras that wifi to a phone or camera.. these would be my methods to get photos onto an ipad fairly easily.
 Also we can buy wifi SD cards, but I am not sure how easy they are to go with an Apple product.
 
 I did find ways to get around iTunes (eg VLC allows direct file drop into its folder, FLAC and everything!)
 
 But we are off topic..
 
 Hey does a douchebag go around downvoting every upvote you get.. even using multiple logins to remove all +1s?
 
 I often find a mismatch that could only be accounted for by this happening.
 I get now why so many forums only have a +1 button and don't allow 'downvoting'.
 Its just not cool.
 
 As an artist you would get much value out of an Apple Pencil and the 'Pro'. The light calibration stuff is wicked. I missed out on that cause I went with the 12.9", the A4 size being perfect for PDFs and comics etc.
 
 Looking forward to playing baldurs gate with the children across android and iOS (aiming for a party of four-five).; I did consider (for file sharing) going with an Apple phone,.. but their SAR is too high for me.; I do see the benefits of going to an All Apple ecosystem,.. and the GF grabbed an Air2 after she saw my tablet.; My daughter has had an iPad2 for years now.. and with the exception of needing to support an IT customer of mine, I borrowed it from her to see how to sort out the problem,.. other than that I had never used an iPad or iDevice (apart from the first Shuffle 512Mb and a 3rd gen Shuffle I won from some internet reviews; that I gave to my daughter after seeing iTUnes annoyances).; I did look at Sony RXR cameras that could wifi direct to iPad, and the sony Lens cameras that wifi to a phone or camera.. these would be my methods to get photos onto an ipad fairly easily.; Also we can buy wifi SD cards, but I am not sure how easy they are to go with an Apple product.; I did find ways to get around iTunes (eg VLC allows direct file drop into its folder, FLAC and everything!); But we are off topic..; Hey does a douchebag go around downvoting every upvote you get.. even using multiple logins to remove all +1s?; I often find a mismatch that could only be accounted for by this happening.; I get now why so many forums only have a +1 button and don't allow 'downvoting'.; Its just not cool.; As an artist you would get much value out of an Apple Pencil and the 'Pro'. The light calibration stuff is wicked. I missed out on that cause I went with the 12.9", the A4 size being perfect for PDFs and comics etc.; Looking forward to playing baldurs gate with the children across android and iOS (aiming for a party of four-five).
How dumb. Some people are comparing iPad pro with Galaxy Note. 
 
 iPads should be compared with other similar tablets. Noe even with the Surface lineup.; How dumb. Some people are comparing iPad pro with Galaxy Note.; iPads should be compared with other similar tablets. Noe even with the Surface lineup.
Anonymous, 10 Aug 2016ok tnx i will purchase ipad pro with pensil for indoor i think its size is a good point for ho... moreCheers (buddy) for asking....
 
 Ummm,.. I would have to know your usage...(needs)
 
 The ipad was a no-brainer... whilst I love OLED, the extra size of the iPad does make it much more versatile.. and the speakers on the 'pros' are insanely good (for small portable devices).
 You seem pretty keen on the xperia.. is this for ps4 remote play or something?
 The HTC does have a very loud and very good quality headphone output (for 'audiophiles'- not a dirty word).
 Give a breakdown of your planned usage.
 
 For reference,.. I bought a phablet because I wanted to combine my purchase costs of a phone and tablet,.. allowing me to get a 'better part'.
 Like any Jack of All Trades,.. it is only a master of 'some'.
 After I got an ipad, most of my consumption was on it.. my phone is in many ways back to simply being a phone.
 Have you considered a small unit?
 Being a technologist, and for many generations always pairing an organiser with a phone with a modem,.. I have been using all sorts of crazy phone tech since 1993. (Our country hadn't even approved caller id for the new digital handsets at this time).,.. 
 
 I know a whilst back I had to recommend an actuarian friend a phone.
 at the time I suggested three; knowing his needs three options gave him some scope.
 I recommended the Samsung S5 (due to waterproofing), a Sony Z3 compact (audio output and svelte design), and the HTC M8 (a perfect good looking phone in many ways).
 
 I am not sure why you are so keen on Sony X series,.. Z series offering some pretty great value presently. I do understand that cost might not be a factor (you are looking at iPhones etc)
 The newest HTC doesn't really do it for me (and I had considered making it a day one purchase prior to release.. something about the aesthetic..)
 Any interest to wait for the Nexus HTC variants about to roll out?
 After languishing in Android fragmentation hell (My Note Edge still has no lollipop and only has January security updates); going Nexus sounds pretty good.
 
 Have you looked at phones from Oppo and the chinese brands?
 Have you considered which Androids get frequent rollouts in fair time?
 
 Anyhow.. what is your usage plans... (eg how much time each day doing X, and Y and Z)!!?
 Cheers,.. this would help me to help you!; Cheers (buddy) for asking....; Ummm,.. I would have to know your usage...(needs); The ipad was a no-brainer... whilst I love OLED, the extra size of the iPad does make it much more versatile.. and the speakers on the 'pros' are insanely good (for small portable devices).; You seem pretty keen on the xperia.. is this for ps4 remote play or something?; The HTC does have a very loud and very good quality headphone output (for 'audiophiles'- not a dirty word).; Give a breakdown of your planned usage.; For reference,.. I bought a phablet because I wanted to combine my purchase costs of a phone and tablet,.. allowing me to get a 'better part'.; Like any Jack of All Trades,.. it is only a master of 'some'.; After I got an ipad, most of my consumption was on it.. my phone is in many ways back to simply being a phone.; Have you considered a small unit?; Being a technologist, and for many generations always pairing an organiser with a phone with a modem,.. I have been using all sorts of crazy phone tech since 1993. (Our country hadn't even approved caller id for the new digital handsets at this time).,..; I know a whilst back I had to recommend an actuarian friend a phone.; at the time I suggested three; knowing his needs three options gave him some scope.; I recommended the Samsung S5 (due to waterproofing), a Sony Z3 compact (audio output and svelte design), and the HTC M8 (a perfect good looking phone in many ways).; I am not sure why you are so keen on Sony X series,.. Z series offering some pretty great value presently. I do understand that cost might not be a factor (you are looking at iPhones etc); The newest HTC doesn't really do it for me (and I had considered making it a day one purchase prior to release.. something about the aesthetic..); Any interest to wait for the Nexus HTC variants about to roll out?; After languishing in Android fragmentation hell (My Note Edge still has no lollipop and only has January security updates); going Nexus sounds pretty good.; Have you looked at phones from Oppo and the chinese brands?; Have you considered which Androids get frequent rollouts in fair time?; Anyhow.. what is your usage plans... (eg how much time each day doing X, and Y and Z)!!?; Cheers,.. this would help me to help you!
It's all marketing, can sell stones n style, no difference in specs only 900 $ extra to spend. Technology has stationed, 4k uhd screen need of hour VR, next year total total change n style and specs. Top buttom area
 nearly eliminated. Wait Wait Wait. Heavens not going to fall.; It's all marketing, can sell stones n style, no difference in specs only 900 $ extra to spend. Technology has stationed, 4k uhd screen need of hour VR, next year total total change n style and specs. Top buttom area; nearly eliminated. Wait Wait Wait. Heavens not going to fall.
i just luv it; i just luv it
One of the features that got me stuck to Samsung devices is the inferred blaster and it's missing on this phone previous productions like the S7.. It's all I look out for in a phone and of course the other powerful features. Sacrifice the blaster and I'm gone. I'm stuck with my S6 Edge and I'm not changing phones until they bring the IR blaster back.; One of the features that got me stuck to Samsung devices is the inferred blaster and it's missing on this phone previous productions like the S7.. It's all I look out for in a phone and of course the other powerful features. Sacrifice the blaster and I'm gone. I'm stuck with my S6 Edge and I'm not changing phones until they bring the IR blaster back.
choa noa, 07 Aug 2016no infrared , no ir blaster ,no fm radioFirst of all,IR blaster and Infrared are the same thing.
 Most of the high end drop IR blaster and fm radio.
 e.g=S7,S7E,Mate 8,P9,P9+,etc.
 So,it is not a very big thing to reject a phone.
 It has more than 25 great plus points.; First of all,IR blaster and Infrared are the same thing.; Most of the high end drop IR blaster and fm radio.; e.g=S7,S7E,Mate 8,P9,P9+,etc.; So,it is not a very big thing to reject a phone.; It has more than 25 great plus points.
Tcool, 10 Aug 2016Yeah right. agree on that!But smartphones have some advantages over laptops.
 e.g=you can take it anywhere in your pocket,camera,durabilty(dropping),water resistance(in some phones),cheaper in price,etc.; But smartphones have some advantages over laptops.; e.g=you can take it anywhere in your pocket,camera,durabilty(dropping),water resistance(in some phones),cheaper in price,etc.
Anonymous, 10 Aug 2016Non user-removable battery again??Almost every high end phone has non-removable battery.
 e.g=S7E,S7,Mate 8,P9,P9+,Oneplus 3,Iphones(all).
 Some high end (rarely) have removable battery.
 Its not a very big thing to reject a phone.; Almost every high end phone has non-removable battery.; e.g=S7E,S7,Mate 8,P9,P9+,Oneplus 3,Iphones(all).; Some high end (rarely) have removable battery.; Its not a very big thing to reject a phone.
Anonymous, 10 Aug 2016Non user-removable battery again??Yeah it returns just like the return of the microSD card support.; Yeah it returns just like the return of the microSD card support.
whitedragon, 10 Aug 2016It is cool for palm rejection. (Having a hand on the screen whilst drawing) If you already h... moreI'm considering the iPad Pro because I have yet to find a negative review from a graphics artist about it. I mean I'm considering replacing my now non-functioning drawing tablet. It out-rivals the Cintiq, and it took Apple to get it right the first try!
 
 Hey, I mean I've never considered iPads to be useful with their direct file sharing to other devices, but Apple made it compelling with their Pro lineup.; I'm considering the iPad Pro because I have yet to find a negative review from a graphics artist about it. I mean I'm considering replacing my now non-functioning drawing tablet. It out-rivals the Cintiq, and it took Apple to get it right the first try!; Hey, I mean I've never considered iPads to be useful with their direct file sharing to other devices, but Apple made it compelling with their Pro lineup.
whitedragon, 10 Aug 2016Definately for home use,.. go the ipad. The pencil support (for the 'pro' models) is insane... moreok tnx i will purchase ipad pro with pensil for indoor i think its size is a good point for home using and for outdoor xperia x performance or galaxy s7 or htc10. help me again which one ?! lol; ok tnx i will purchase ipad pro with pensil for indoor i think its size is a good point for home using and for outdoor xperia x performance or galaxy s7 or htc10. help me again which one ?! lol
Non user-removable battery again??; Non user-removable battery again??
Anonymous, 09 Aug 2016I have also been thinking about this.... well... its the best and only phablet with a decent s... moreBut it has (first ever phone having)cgg5 on both sides,(first ever phone with)dual edge screen,(too much)improved s pen,IP68 certified(dust and water proof),sAMOLED 5.7 inches(big) screen,1440×3560 pixels(518 ppi pixel density),(first ever and improved)grace ui,always on display,exynos 8890 chipset(octa core with great benchmark),mali-T880m12(great gpu),4 gb ram with 64 gb rom,same cameras of S7E(which won a lot of awards for camera),(first ever samsung phone with)type c connector,(first ever phone with)iris scanner which is great,SpO2,fast charging,wireless charging,3500mAh(large battery.
 It has to be world's best.
 What do you say?; But it has (first ever phone having)cgg5 on both sides,(first ever phone with)dual edge screen,(too much)improved s pen,IP68 certified(dust and water proof),sAMOLED 5.7 inches(big) screen,1440×3560 pixels(518 ppi pixel density),(first ever and improved)grace ui,always on display,exynos 8890 chipset(octa core with great benchmark),mali-T880m12(great gpu),4 gb ram with 64 gb rom,same cameras of S7E(which won a lot of awards for camera),(first ever samsung phone with)type c connector,(first ever phone with)iris scanner which is great,SpO2,fast charging,wireless charging,3500mAh(large battery.; It has to be world's best.; What do you say?
Arjun, 10 Aug 2016All my fellow note 2 proud owners what you all have decided shall we upgrade r note 2 to note ... moreDear Arjun, you said what I was thinking about... I am very happy with Note 2. After 4 years, I have no complaints what so ever. Even the battery has not been changed. I have used Note 2 to do a lot of things including detective stuff using really cool apps :) but it has stood the test of time like a shining knight taking in a lot of rough handling and several hundred drops. I will always be a fan of Samsung Galaxy Note series.; Dear Arjun, you said what I was thinking about... I am very happy with Note 2. After 4 years, I have no complaints what so ever. Even the battery has not been changed. I have used Note 2 to do a lot of things including detective stuff using really cool apps :) but it has stood the test of time like a shining knight taking in a lot of rough handling and several hundred drops. I will always be a fan of Samsung Galaxy Note series.
krishna2016, 10 Aug 2016So funny. Well then I have to buy 4GB version. I am from India. It lunch in 11 August. But if ... morefrom previous experiences, there is a possibility; from previous experiences, there is a possibility
Anonymous, 10 Aug 2016Now you are talking. I thought you don't need additional gadgets cause your plastic remote co... moreTcool?
 
 If you are getting ridiculed,.. you kind of make yourself open for that.
 It used to embarrass me that you would 'fanboy' the hell on the Note Edge thread (when you had it), then ridiculed Note Edge users with your premium build Note 5,.. and give some weird rants with regards to micro sd card slots depending on whatever hardware you have at the time.
 
 Also posting as anonymous and logged in, right after each other, in varying threads, you do sometimes represent the bane of internet forums, often being an actual troll.
 
 Sometimes you might not understand whatnyou are talking about (we all are free to be this way), but seldom acknowledge inconsistencies or offer non fan boy based advice, sometimes insisting your point of view quite vehemently.
 
 An example is attacking a forum poster sharing positive experiences about their technology.. (hence why I am interjecting here).
 Whilst no doubt you have some great knowledge, and are a very active site 'supporter', it would be nice if we could all just 'get along'.
 
 I like you. Don't get me wrong!
 But bickering just makes outsiders skip over 'useful' info perhaps buried in these threads,.. as the 'rare' useful post is buried between pages of 'my phone is the best' type comments!; Tcool?; If you are getting ridiculed,.. you kind of make yourself open for that.; It used to embarrass me that you would 'fanboy' the hell on the Note Edge thread (when you had it), then ridiculed Note Edge users with your premium build Note 5,.. and give some weird rants with regards to micro sd card slots depending on whatever hardware you have at the time.; Also posting as anonymous and logged in, right after each other, in varying threads, you do sometimes represent the bane of internet forums, often being an actual troll.; Sometimes you might not understand whatnyou are talking about (we all are free to be this way), but seldom acknowledge inconsistencies or offer non fan boy based advice, sometimes insisting your point of view quite vehemently.; An example is attacking a forum poster sharing positive experiences about their technology.. (hence why I am interjecting here).; Whilst no doubt you have some great knowledge, and are a very active site 'supporter', it would be nice if we could all just 'get along'.; I like you. Don't get me wrong!; But bickering just makes outsiders skip over 'useful' info perhaps buried in these threads,.. as the 'rare' useful post is buried between pages of 'my phone is the best' type comments!
All my fellow note 2 proud owners what you all have decided shall we upgrade r note 2 to note 7......i liked it n decided to upgrade n want to know ur opinions is it worth for us Bcoz we have skipped note3,4,5.......waitin 4 reply from note 2 proud owners.....; All my fellow note 2 proud owners what you all have decided shall we upgrade r note 2 to note 7......i liked it n decided to upgrade n want to know ur opinions is it worth for us Bcoz we have skipped note3,4,5.......waitin 4 reply from note 2 proud owners.....
Mrd, 09 Aug 2016Its time for "Note7 MAX" with 6.6" display and 6GB ram.there wont be any Note 7 Max, but Galaxy A10 is coming end of this year with 6.4" QHD AMOLED.; there wont be any Note 7 Max, but Galaxy A10 is coming end of this year with 6.4" QHD AMOLED.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 10 Aug 2016I had extensive research on the iPad Pro. Unless you would need the Pencil, as in for drawing/... moreNow you are talking.
 I thought you don't need additional gadgets cause your plastic remote control phone can handle it all?
 Seems the table is turning around...
 First getting the Note 7 while you still have the brick plastic phone, now another gadget in the form of iPad...
 I can still remember how you ridicule me for having the Huawei P9 and MediaPad X2 at the same time with the premium 64GB Note 5.
 Looks like you are following my footsteps.; Now you are talking.; I thought you don't need additional gadgets cause your plastic remote control phone can handle it all?; Seems the table is turning around...; First getting the Note 7 while you still have the brick plastic phone, now another gadget in the form of iPad...; I can still remember how you ridicule me for having the Huawei P9 and MediaPad X2 at the same time with the premium 64GB Note 5.; Looks like you are following my footsteps.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 10 Aug 2016I had extensive research on the iPad Pro. Unless you would need the Pencil, as in for drawing/... moreIt is cool for palm rejection.
 (Having a hand on the screen whilst drawing)
 If you already have an Air, get the Paper/53 'carpenters pencil' (perhaps).
 
 Their own software supports some of the best use of multihand input,.. eg drawing with their pencil and using a finger to 'smudge'.
 
 Haven't found any free software (or trial) for the apple pencil that can match it.
 
 I haven't tried out the new Note 7 digitiser (4096 levels pressure sensitivity) and the half width nib (from previous generations) (facts supplied for 'other readers'),.. but I can most definately vouch for the Apple Pencil.
 Angled pencil 'shading' and the 240hz sampling,does make it feel pretty darn close to the real thing. (About a dollar from any newsagency; actual paper and a pencil!)
 
 The Pencil critisisms I would leverage is no 'off' switch. Heck make reversing the cap end turn the smegging thing off. Version 2 will iron out difficulties no doubt. Yes it can fast charge off the lightning port and we are up and running, but who wants to leave batteries in a fully discharged state.
 
 Won't affect tabletop users, but carrying around in the bag will wake the pencil and it will be flat.; It is cool for palm rejection.; (Having a hand on the screen whilst drawing); If you already have an Air, get the Paper/53 'carpenters pencil' (perhaps).; Their own software supports some of the best use of multihand input,.. eg drawing with their pencil and using a finger to 'smudge'.; Haven't found any free software (or trial) for the apple pencil that can match it.; I haven't tried out the new Note 7 digitiser (4096 levels pressure sensitivity) and the half width nib (from previous generations) (facts supplied for 'other readers'),.. but I can most definately vouch for the Apple Pencil.; Angled pencil 'shading' and the 240hz sampling,does make it feel pretty darn close to the real thing. (About a dollar from any newsagency; actual paper and a pencil!); The Pencil critisisms I would leverage is no 'off' switch. Heck make reversing the cap end turn the smegging thing off. Version 2 will iron out difficulties no doubt. Yes it can fast charge off the lightning port and we are up and running, but who wants to leave batteries in a fully discharged state.; Won't affect tabletop users, but carrying around in the bag will wake the pencil and it will be flat.
absolut-allen, 10 Aug 2016Smartphones are not even close to laptops, Not even the i3 laptops. Keep dreaming buddy. Yeah right. agree on that!; Yeah right. agree on that!
Shahzad Adil, 09 Aug 2016Which one is batter processor exynos 8890 or snapdragon 820 plz reply me on shahzadadil50@gmai... moreFor games; the snapdragon might have the stronger graphics card... if games that pushed the video chip fully (not the lionshare, most games being written for market masses and high adoption generally support and are optimised for 'older' video chipsets) were what you were playing, they might have a slighly higher framerate. Nothing game breaking, no graphical effect differences.
 
 In fact my experience of adreno video drivers is the inverse,.. some effects missing,.. an example being baldurs gate had missing water textures on adreno chipsets (on some platforms).
 
 I have no experience with mali drivers (video chipset on the exynos devices), but I would, hands down, want the exynos chipset in my Samsung phone.
 It is their own custom built processor that is likley to have the most software optimisations for, eg loading a multicore processor effectively.
 
 Actual real world usage seems to confirm this, people quoting longer battery runtimes on the Exynos variants.
 
 For me Exynos 'for the win', simply for the better audio hardware (through the headphone jack), but I do use high end headphones, run lossless audio files, and have an A class hifi (not to be confused with a class A amplifier), and consider high end audio 'my hobby'.
 Most enthusiasts into audio would run an outboard DAC, maybe even a power amplifier, certainly select specific software for music playback...
 I like the idea of a 'good enough' one box setup.
 For which samsung phones generally are not considered the pinnacle of sound.
 
 Adapt sound is a software trick they have that helps calibrate a set of headphones to 'flat responce' based on your actual hearing. Nifty in the least as a makeshift 'hearing test'.
 
 Be careful with it though; sometimes adapt sound screws up and won't let a user rerun the calibration more than twice. (Has caught me out numerous times when buying new headphones and not being able to recalibrate)
 
 Part of why I am keen for a new software update (lollipop) on my older Note Edge. That generally lets me rerun the tests, and the calibrations for my Roland studio monitors and Sony Mdr1s is 'incorrect' for my go to Bowers & Wilkins P7s I presently use as my portable headphones.
 
 Anyhow, long story short, go exynos chipset if you can, unless you want the phone for VR; For games; the snapdragon might have the stronger graphics card... if games that pushed the video chip fully (not the lionshare, most games being written for market masses and high adoption generally support and are optimised for 'older' video chipsets) were what you were playing, they might have a slighly higher framerate. Nothing game breaking, no graphical effect differences.; In fact my experience of adreno video drivers is the inverse,.. some effects missing,.. an example being baldurs gate had missing water textures on adreno chipsets (on some platforms).; I have no experience with mali drivers (video chipset on the exynos devices), but I would, hands down, want the exynos chipset in my Samsung phone.; It is their own custom built processor that is likley to have the most software optimisations for, eg loading a multicore processor effectively.; Actual real world usage seems to confirm this, people quoting longer battery runtimes on the Exynos variants.; For me Exynos 'for the win', simply for the better audio hardware (through the headphone jack), but I do use high end headphones, run lossless audio files, and have an A class hifi (not to be confused with a class A amplifier), and consider high end audio 'my hobby'.; Most enthusiasts into audio would run an outboard DAC, maybe even a power amplifier, certainly select specific software for music playback...; I like the idea of a 'good enough' one box setup.; For which samsung phones generally are not considered the pinnacle of sound.; Adapt sound is a software trick they have that helps calibrate a set of headphones to 'flat responce' based on your actual hearing. Nifty in the least as a makeshift 'hearing test'.; Be careful with it though; sometimes adapt sound screws up and won't let a user rerun the calibration more than twice. (Has caught me out numerous times when buying new headphones and not being able to recalibrate); Part of why I am keen for a new software update (lollipop) on my older Note Edge. That generally lets me rerun the tests, and the calibrations for my Roland studio monitors and Sony Mdr1s is 'incorrect' for my go to Bowers & Wilkins P7s I presently use as my portable headphones.; Anyhow, long story short, go exynos chipset if you can, unless you want the phone for VR
whitedragon, 10 Aug 2016Definately for home use,.. go the ipad. The pencil support (for the 'pro' models) is insane... moreI had extensive research on the iPad Pro. Unless you would need the Pencil, as in for drawing/painting digitally, the iPad Air 2 is sufficient.
 
 Pro artists consider the Pencil to out do Wacom tablet versatility and responsiveness. The tilt input simply can't be replicated as good as the Pencil's. I'm considering getting the iPad Pro just for the Pencil's capabilities.; I had extensive research on the iPad Pro. Unless you would need the Pencil, as in for drawing/painting digitally, the iPad Air 2 is sufficient.; Pro artists consider the Pencil to out do Wacom tablet versatility and responsiveness. The tilt input simply can't be replicated as good as the Pencil's. I'm considering getting the iPad Pro just for the Pencil's capabilities.
Does anyone know when preordered Notes will be released? Why hype with preorder and make people wait a month?; Does anyone know when preordered Notes will be released? Why hype with preorder and make people wait a month?
whitedragon, 10 Aug 2016And to confirm/acknowledge.. Your Data use is high! In my country, your wifes' data use ... moreYes. My wife's plan is 9 GB monthly, but only uses some 2 GB. I on the other hand, consumer even up to 80 GB monthly.; Yes. My wife's plan is 9 GB monthly, but only uses some 2 GB. I on the other hand, consumer even up to 80 GB monthly.
Anonymous, 09 Aug 2016Which one? Ipad pro 9.7 or galaxy note 7 for home.. I need one of them for noting watching vid... moreDefinately for home use,.. go the ipad.
 
 The pencil support (for the 'pro' models) is insane.
 With samsung note, not every app developer will write for it.
 The ipad has so many apps with full pencil support, and the speakers, and larger screen real estate will meet your needs.
 I basically retired my Note Edge when I got my ipad (with pencil).
 True the Note could do many things, but, as an example... writing on the screen on the Note was a tiny experience.. you wouldn't write a document for example,.. generally to write you have to rewrite over the same space on the screen,.. once you start using an Apple pencil on a tablet device (with 10hours of screen on time), they don't compare.
 
 But this answer is specific for your needs; at home.
 My Note is everywhere with me.
 Children play guild of dungeoneering on my phone that is with us everywhere.
 (I have bought it twice, for both platforms, and Artrage for both platforms)(technically I think Samsung gave me Artrage with the Note)
 
 Software for the iPad will allow everything from CAD to 4k video editing (no joke).
 Only time I have seen it pause was on Picasa (I think that is the name; it was applying some art effects to photos- the same sort of processes that make laptops and desktops think, so fair really)
 
 Just know that the ipad won't fit in your pocket ;-); Definately for home use,.. go the ipad.; The pencil support (for the 'pro' models) is insane.; With samsung note, not every app developer will write for it.; The ipad has so many apps with full pencil support, and the speakers, and larger screen real estate will meet your needs.; I basically retired my Note Edge when I got my ipad (with pencil).; True the Note could do many things, but, as an example... writing on the screen on the Note was a tiny experience.. you wouldn't write a document for example,.. generally to write you have to rewrite over the same space on the screen,.. once you start using an Apple pencil on a tablet device (with 10hours of screen on time), they don't compare.; But this answer is specific for your needs; at home.; My Note is everywhere with me.; Children play guild of dungeoneering on my phone that is with us everywhere.; (I have bought it twice, for both platforms, and Artrage for both platforms)(technically I think Samsung gave me Artrage with the Note); Software for the iPad will allow everything from CAD to 4k video editing (no joke).; Only time I have seen it pause was on Picasa (I think that is the name; it was applying some art effects to photos- the same sort of processes that make laptops and desktops think, so fair really); Just know that the ipad won't fit in your pocket ;-)
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 10 Aug 2016I'd like to mention that I made these charts of my battery use as a way to predict and know wh... moreAnd to confirm/acknowledge..
 Your Data use is high!
 
 
 In my country, your wifes' data use would be a 'high end' carrier plan generally 7-10Gb per month. Your plan would cost twice as much as hers(if it even existed) and be a quarter the cost of the phone hardware (per month, on contract). Minimum.
 Best plan my carrier offers (and they are the most expensive/premium) is around 25Gb per month.
 Some prepaid offers, now legendary, offer (near) unlimited, but they will not run on 4G (fair enough).
 
 On 4G I could run up a million australian dollars phone bill in one month (equivalent to buying 3-4 houses).; And to confirm/acknowledge..; Your Data use is high!; In my country, your wifes' data use would be a 'high end' carrier plan generally 7-10Gb per month. Your plan would cost twice as much as hers(if it even existed) and be a quarter the cost of the phone hardware (per month, on contract). Minimum.; Best plan my carrier offers (and they are the most expensive/premium) is around 25Gb per month.; Some prepaid offers, now legendary, offer (near) unlimited, but they will not run on 4G (fair enough).; On 4G I could run up a million australian dollars phone bill in one month (equivalent to buying 3-4 houses).
sajibe, 09 Aug 2016Same question every year why the ram is not Xgb why non removable battery why no fm radio ... moreI know right!?//
 
 Brand X can make a cup of coffee in the morning.
 And hug you to sleep at night....
 
 True missing an IR blaster from an earlier Note(even though I never used it once on my Note Edge...), that phone will now be retired to lounge room remote status.
 
 Pretty cool as lounge room remotes go as it can be my chrome cast interface, Presto program selector, and a nice big backlit screen (OLED so blacks don't illuminate), and I can IMDB whatever I am watching to find out about actors etc, and if Imhave to scribble down a note, or entertain the children with an art program... all bases covered.
 
 Having wanted a water resistant phone that also has the wacom digitiser/stylus, I am pretty happy with Samsungs latest release.
 (If not because it means they have no further reason to hold my Note Edge back from getting Lollipop -Yes I spray this everywhere- caveat emptor); I know right!?//; Brand X can make a cup of coffee in the morning.; And hug you to sleep at night....; True missing an IR blaster from an earlier Note(even though I never used it once on my Note Edge...), that phone will now be retired to lounge room remote status.; Pretty cool as lounge room remotes go as it can be my chrome cast interface, Presto program selector, and a nice big backlit screen (OLED so blacks don't illuminate), and I can IMDB whatever I am watching to find out about actors etc, and if Imhave to scribble down a note, or entertain the children with an art program... all bases covered.; Having wanted a water resistant phone that also has the wacom digitiser/stylus, I am pretty happy with Samsungs latest release.; (If not because it means they have no further reason to hold my Note Edge back from getting Lollipop -Yes I spray this everywhere- caveat emptor)
whitedragon, 10 Aug 2016Awesome post. (Newsworthy) Don't get why readers here never +1 useful stuff (I do, but thats... moreI'd like to mention that I made these charts of my battery use as a way to predict and know what to expect. These are not the same usage statistics compared to the average user. My wife for example is a typical user who only consumes a daily average of .62GB of data, and only gets to use 21% from her network data service. I on the other hand average daily 1.97GB on data.; I'd like to mention that I made these charts of my battery use as a way to predict and know what to expect. These are not the same usage statistics compared to the average user. My wife for example is a typical user who only consumes a daily average of .62GB of data, and only gets to use 21% from her network data service. I on the other hand average daily 1.97GB on data.
absolut-allen, 10 Aug 2016Smartphones are not even close to laptops, Not even the i3 laptops. Keep dreaming buddy. Allen, I agree with your statement. I'm just saying smartphones are very handy. I work with architectural drawings using Revit, 3DS Max, and full Photoshop on a laptop. But I'd like my most used device with power for all-day power with no worries. Peace.; Allen, I agree with your statement. I'm just saying smartphones are very handy. I work with architectural drawings using Revit, 3DS Max, and full Photoshop on a laptop. But I'd like my most used device with power for all-day power with no worries. Peace.
IT Manager, 10 Aug 2016True that, especially for those people who have really bad handwriting. I love to write ever s... moreI'm taking advantage of the carrier's "free" phone on a higher plan. I need extensive data. My planned budget cash for buying the (eventually disappointing) Note.5 went to me spending it for the wife's S7 Edge. Ironically, they are giving out free clear back base and the wireless 3100mAh power backpack. Hehe, I want the more effective 8500mAh Zerolemon battery extension out in 3 to 4 month's time.
 
 I made some comparisons between the Note 3's S Pen and Note7's - it's actually the pen hardware that's responsible for the controlling of line values. I tested both the S Pens on both phones. Bottom line is, the Note7 S Pen is easier to handle with the slightest pressure can make darker lines, with rarely loss of continuous light lines. the Note 3's S Pen needs more pressure for darker lines. It's even worse with the Note 1's S Pen as it has the lowest level of pressure sensitivity. In conclusion, I just buy the Note7's spare S Pen ($20+) for better performance on my Note 3. I mean the pen tip's .07mm from 1.6mm also make a big difference. I can see the point for accuracy on what I'm marking for my drawings.
 
 Now that the S Pen's magic has worn off a bit, I'm looking forward to the excellent fast-focusing camera that I can expect and even with better UI from the S7 Edge.; I'm taking advantage of the carrier's "free" phone on a higher plan. I need extensive data. My planned budget cash for buying the (eventually disappointing) Note.5 went to me spending it for the wife's S7 Edge. Ironically, they are giving out free clear back base and the wireless 3100mAh power backpack. Hehe, I want the more effective 8500mAh Zerolemon battery extension out in 3 to 4 month's time.; I made some comparisons between the Note 3's S Pen and Note7's - it's actually the pen hardware that's responsible for the controlling of line values. I tested both the S Pens on both phones. Bottom line is, the Note7 S Pen is easier to handle with the slightest pressure can make darker lines, with rarely loss of continuous light lines. the Note 3's S Pen needs more pressure for darker lines. It's even worse with the Note 1's S Pen as it has the lowest level of pressure sensitivity. In conclusion, I just buy the Note7's spare S Pen ($20+) for better performance on my Note 3. I mean the pen tip's .07mm from 1.6mm also make a big difference. I can see the point for accuracy on what I'm marking for my drawings.; Now that the S Pen's magic has worn off a bit, I'm looking forward to the excellent fast-focusing camera that I can expect and even with better UI from the S7 Edge.
absolut-allen, 10 Aug 2016Smartphones are not even close to laptops, Not even the i3 laptops. Keep dreaming buddy. A lot of consumers don't need high power computing.
 Not everyone applies photoshop filters to raw files. Not everyone is into video editing...
 
 A lot of people want facebook, emails, to type a letter, and the sort of stuff that a first generation netbook could achieve.
 For these tasks modern phones, with their efficient operating systems are 'more than enough'.
 
 What you have said isn't wrong, but nor is it correct for 7 billion plus differing usage scenarios....
 
 At officeworks, nearly a decade ago, selling laptops to students: the most important metric was enough minimum memory, and good build quality (reliable, as warranty doesn't get back a ten thousand word essay).
 The amount of users who would buy a laptop without even touching its' keyboard was silly.
 I actually made my customers type on the keyboard to make sure it fit their needs.
 Someone on facebook might not need a great keyboard; students generally WOULD be typing... everyone has different computing needs... and even then; most any computer was powerful enough (for AVERAGE users).
 
 Modern phones?; power to burn. 
 Literally, depending on SAR level or chipset/cooling! ;-); A lot of consumers don't need high power computing.; Not everyone applies photoshop filters to raw files. Not everyone is into video editing...; A lot of people want facebook, emails, to type a letter, and the sort of stuff that a first generation netbook could achieve.; For these tasks modern phones, with their efficient operating systems are 'more than enough'.; What you have said isn't wrong, but nor is it correct for 7 billion plus differing usage scenarios....; At officeworks, nearly a decade ago, selling laptops to students: the most important metric was enough minimum memory, and good build quality (reliable, as warranty doesn't get back a ten thousand word essay).; The amount of users who would buy a laptop without even touching its' keyboard was silly.; I actually made my customers type on the keyboard to make sure it fit their needs.; Someone on facebook might not need a great keyboard; students generally WOULD be typing... everyone has different computing needs... and even then; most any computer was powerful enough (for AVERAGE users).; Modern phones?; power to burn.; Literally, depending on SAR level or chipset/cooling! ;-)
iJack, 08 Aug 2016You will wait foreverSo funny. Well then I have to buy 4GB version. I am from India. It lunch in 11 August. But if Samsung lunch 6gb version then I will be disappointed.; So funny. Well then I have to buy 4GB version. I am from India. It lunch in 11 August. But if Samsung lunch 6gb version then I will be disappointed.
IT Manager, 10 Aug 2016True that, especially for those people who have really bad handwriting. I love to write ever s... moreA lot of the 'free bonuses' are for preorders, with them not being included after the 18th Aug (certainly with a few carriers in my country).
 It could be like the free vr headset deals with past Samsungs, that are given well beyond the advertised 'offer date'... but we don't truly know.
 
 VR headsets were likely a clearing of stock (they had white innards that are highly reflective, rectified with newer models), or for boosting 'adoption rate statistics'. (Windows 10 I am looking at you)
 
 The 256gb micro sd is great value (who wouldn't want 310gb usable storage? ) as is the fit watch offer....
 Perhaps interest free isn't such a great offer if you lose $200 of accessories!?; A lot of the 'free bonuses' are for preorders, with them not being included after the 18th Aug (certainly with a few carriers in my country).; It could be like the free vr headset deals with past Samsungs, that are given well beyond the advertised 'offer date'... but we don't truly know.; VR headsets were likely a clearing of stock (they had white innards that are highly reflective, rectified with newer models), or for boosting 'adoption rate statistics'. (Windows 10 I am looking at you); The 256gb micro sd is great value (who wouldn't want 310gb usable storage? ) as is the fit watch offer....; Perhaps interest free isn't such a great offer if you lose $200 of accessories!?
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 10 Aug 2016I am currently still using my Note 3 with a Zerolemon 10,000mAh extended battery as I abuse/ex... moreAwesome post.
 (Newsworthy)
 Don't get why readers here never +1 useful stuff (I do, but thats a rant if ever I could muster one... ;-))
 
 Kudos to you (+1 as well cause some users sort by 'useful posts'); Awesome post.; (Newsworthy); Don't get why readers here never +1 useful stuff (I do, but thats a rant if ever I could muster one... ;-)); Kudos to you (+1 as well cause some users sort by 'useful posts')
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 10 Aug 2016I am currently still using my Note 3 with a Zerolemon 10,000mAh extended battery as I abuse/ex... moreSmartphones are not even close to laptops, Not even the i3 laptops. Keep dreaming buddy.; Smartphones are not even close to laptops, Not even the i3 laptops. Keep dreaming buddy.
GG1976, 10 Aug 2016Waiting for the endurance rating. Missing infrared port... It´s an excellent phone but ... moreOf course there's an awful LOT of cheaper options, but what is really your taste? The Note7's captive market are for those people who 1) really have the money and 2) will really use the S Pen. My question for you is this: Do you have the money and will you use the S Pen extensively? If not, then this phone is not for you. My previous phone is Nexus 5. It's a decent phone with decent specs for a quite decent price. However, it already broke when got soaked ONCE in the water. :( So I have decided to buy a waterproof phone instead. It's a bit pricey but I think it's worth it.; Of course there's an awful LOT of cheaper options, but what is really your taste? The Note7's captive market are for those people who 1) really have the money and 2) will really use the S Pen. My question for you is this: Do you have the money and will you use the S Pen extensively? If not, then this phone is not for you. My previous phone is Nexus 5. It's a decent phone with decent specs for a quite decent price. However, it already broke when got soaked ONCE in the water. :( So I have decided to buy a waterproof phone instead. It's a bit pricey but I think it's worth it.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 09 Aug 2016And some are tech junkies who don't even use the S Pen at all.True that, especially for those people who have really bad handwriting. I love to write ever since, so I really waited for the new Note series this year (I cannot wait for Note 8). I think I made a good decision buying this product. They also offer 0% interest for 12/24 months if you buy on Aug. 20-21, so it's really not a pain in the pocket.; True that, especially for those people who have really bad handwriting. I love to write ever since, so I really waited for the new Note series this year (I cannot wait for Note 8). I think I made a good decision buying this product. They also offer 0% interest for 12/24 months if you buy on Aug. 20-21, so it's really not a pain in the pocket.
whitedragon, 10 Aug 2016Not true for everyone; but here is another 'story'.. Bought an open box Nokia 920 over thre... moreI am currently still using my Note 3 with a Zerolemon 10,000mAh extended battery as I abuse/extensively use my smartphone. Smartphones are becoming as powerful as laptops, and have become as main internet terminals for almost everything - entertainment, work, communications, and status symbols for SOME people who think glass back and less features of the previous Galaxy Note was awesome (while carrying another phone to compensate).
 
 Anyway, I have closely monitored my wife's S7 Edge (3600mAh) for a couple of months now, and I know what to expect with the battery usage for the Note7(3500mAh). Around between 5 to 7 hours SOT, and a 12 hours if continuous usage. You can see this from the 3 usage instances from 100 to 0% on the Excel: http://flic.kr/p/L18x9c 
 Of course you can save power with lower usage time, and it could last more than 18 hours with some 3 hours of SOT, data and wifi turned on when you need to.
 
 That's without 2 Bluetooth devices connected, not over 2GB of daily data on LTE, and not on an 18-hour stretch - this is how I use my smartphone. Therefore I would need to really charge the Note7 half way. Luckily, Zerolemon will be making an 8500mAh integrated battery backpack to charge the Note with just a press of a button. No more wires. Who wouldn't want about 265% of power than stock battery (Note 3)? http://flic.kr/p/L18xn8 
 Out of the ZL 8500mAh battery, I can expect only 150% (5000mAh) charge (yeah, the whole DC/AC conversions would mean some power losses of 30%) than the indicated capacity.
 
 At least the integrated battery pack will protect that glass back, but no resolve on the eventual degrading sealed battery till you get it replaced.; I am currently still using my Note 3 with a Zerolemon 10,000mAh extended battery as I abuse/extensively use my smartphone. Smartphones are becoming as powerful as laptops, and have become as main internet terminals for almost everything - entertainment, work, communications, and status symbols for SOME people who think glass back and less features of the previous Galaxy Note was awesome (while carrying another phone to compensate).; Anyway, I have closely monitored my wife's S7 Edge (3600mAh) for a couple of months now, and I know what to expect with the battery usage for the Note7(3500mAh). Around between 5 to 7 hours SOT, and a 12 hours if continuous usage. You can see this from the 3 usage instances from 100 to 0% on the Excel:; Of course you can save power with lower usage time, and it could last more than 18 hours with some 3 hours of SOT, data and wifi turned on when you need to.; That's without 2 Bluetooth devices connected, not over 2GB of daily data on LTE, and not on an 18-hour stretch - this is how I use my smartphone. Therefore I would need to really charge the Note7 half way. Luckily, Zerolemon will be making an 8500mAh integrated battery backpack to charge the Note with just a press of a button. No more wires. Who wouldn't want about 265% of power than stock battery (Note 3)?; Out of the ZL 8500mAh battery, I can expect only 150% (5000mAh) charge (yeah, the whole DC/AC conversions would mean some power losses of 30%) than the indicated capacity.; At least the integrated battery pack will protect that glass back, but no resolve on the eventual degrading sealed battery till you get it replaced.
Give me a grippy back over that slippery fingerprinty glass anyday.
 The back looks very boring, hardly any difference from the note 5.; Give me a grippy back over that slippery fingerprinty glass anyday.; The back looks very boring, hardly any difference from the note 5.
JM, 09 Aug 2016Whaaaat! The Samsung Galaxy Note 7 has a Non-Removable battery? That is just so Not Cool! What... moreSony Vita and Nintendo 3DS are sealed units, yes,.. still work fine (six-seven years on)...
 
 Do not confuse Not user replacable with 'not replacable'.
 
 Waterproofing comes at this cost? I will pay. Never replaced a battery in any phone since Nokia Symbian days.
 
 Monster make a credit card sized recharge battery, Samsung have a battery cover... these should mitigate needing to drop phone to super low power levels, and thereby reducing the number of useful recharge cycles. Which will be more than the time most users are on contract and their niece or nephew won't complain about an hour less runtime on a hand me down phone.; Sony Vita and Nintendo 3DS are sealed units, yes,.. still work fine (six-seven years on)...; Do not confuse Not user replacable with 'not replacable'.; Waterproofing comes at this cost? I will pay. Never replaced a battery in any phone since Nokia Symbian days.; Monster make a credit card sized recharge battery, Samsung have a battery cover... these should mitigate needing to drop phone to super low power levels, and thereby reducing the number of useful recharge cycles. Which will be more than the time most users are on contract and their niece or nephew won't complain about an hour less runtime on a hand me down phone.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 09 Aug 2016All because it says 100% on the counter every time.Not true for everyone; but here is another 'story'..
 
 Bought an open box Nokia 920 over three years ago.. battery had been left fully discharged, (and by a few months if the service docket was anything to go by),.. have left the thing on wireless charge plates for weeks on end, have also killed it on several occaisions in field (and not bothered to recharge in upon returning home (sometimes for days),.. left it in a drawer, dead for two months even.
 Otherwise generally being 'overcharged', and never put on recharge around 20% (considered ideal, 10% and less statistically halving the number of recharges whilst maintaining full capacity)
 
 In 4G mode runs for over a week every time. (Blows me away actually).
 
 I have no fear of 'fast charging' or wireless charging nowadays.
 
 My Note Edge got a little confused recently (worst was shutting down at 27%) after a week or two of being 'flakey'.
 Ran it down to zero, let it die, put on charge WITHOUT TURNING ON (not fast charge mode) Gave it an extra hour or two of 'trickle charge' past 100%,.. and voila,.. back to around an hour per 1% (again 4G).
 
 Sure wifi on etc makes it drain quicker, but my point is to do with reliability of batteries.
 This has been my daily driver for just shy of two years. Treated harshly (auto/full brightness in sun, hidden wireless networks, need bluetooth on for kevo door lock etc, high speed modem wifi hotspot usage etc).. until the last week or so, never had any battery issue.(now fixed using above method).
 
 Still haven't got Lollipop in local area, and I have never run battery saver etc. always got a day of heavy usage, generally two days of real world...; Not true for everyone; but here is another 'story'..; Bought an open box Nokia 920 over three years ago.. battery had been left fully discharged, (and by a few months if the service docket was anything to go by),.. have left the thing on wireless charge plates for weeks on end, have also killed it on several occaisions in field (and not bothered to recharge in upon returning home (sometimes for days),.. left it in a drawer, dead for two months even.; Otherwise generally being 'overcharged', and never put on recharge around 20% (considered ideal, 10% and less statistically halving the number of recharges whilst maintaining full capacity); In 4G mode runs for over a week every time. (Blows me away actually).; I have no fear of 'fast charging' or wireless charging nowadays.; My Note Edge got a little confused recently (worst was shutting down at 27%) after a week or two of being 'flakey'.; Ran it down to zero, let it die, put on charge WITHOUT TURNING ON (not fast charge mode) Gave it an extra hour or two of 'trickle charge' past 100%,.. and voila,.. back to around an hour per 1% (again 4G).; Sure wifi on etc makes it drain quicker, but my point is to do with reliability of batteries.; This has been my daily driver for just shy of two years. Treated harshly (auto/full brightness in sun, hidden wireless networks, need bluetooth on for kevo door lock etc, high speed modem wifi hotspot usage etc).. until the last week or so, never had any battery issue.(now fixed using above method).; Still haven't got Lollipop in local area, and I have never run battery saver etc. always got a day of heavy usage, generally two days of real world...
Waiting for the endurance rating. Missing infrared port...
 It´s an excellent phone but there are cheaper options ( less s-pen); Waiting for the endurance rating. Missing infrared port...; It´s an excellent phone but there are cheaper options ( less s-pen)
Just had a hands on with a black Note 7 here in the U of K, thanks to a Samsung rep. The most understated phone out there. Slimmmer by far than the 4, and even the 7, it is a pleasure to hold. The curves are slight so no problem with grip. However, it is a smudge magnet, so you're going to need a case, else it will be covered in, well, smudges, and you'll drop it because it's so slippery. Exudes quality, very fast, the S-Pen ejection mechanism is very classy, as is the ability to draw on the display when the phone is off. This is not like any other Note, and NOT like the S7 series at all. Way more compact and understated.
 
 Light, slim and does not project it's power, so I think it's going to be a massive hit because it isn't pretentious.
 
 One more thing, the power and volume controls are very well positioned and clicky, so it's ergonomic too. The S-Case with the square window (that I tried too) is clever in that it also acts as a kickstand for watching movies.
 
 Apple, your move!; Just had a hands on with a black Note 7 here in the U of K, thanks to a Samsung rep. The most understated phone out there. Slimmmer by far than the 4, and even the 7, it is a pleasure to hold. The curves are slight so no problem with grip. However, it is a smudge magnet, so you're going to need a case, else it will be covered in, well, smudges, and you'll drop it because it's so slippery. Exudes quality, very fast, the S-Pen ejection mechanism is very classy, as is the ability to draw on the display when the phone is off. This is not like any other Note, and NOT like the S7 series at all. Way more compact and understated.; Light, slim and does not project it's power, so I think it's going to be a massive hit because it isn't pretentious.; One more thing, the power and volume controls are very well positioned and clicky, so it's ergonomic too. The S-Case with the square window (that I tried too) is clever in that it also acts as a kickstand for watching movies.; Apple, your move!
In Lebanon.. It costs 777 $ with 550 $ gift (Vr gear,samsung smart watch....) which is an amazing offer for this device; In Lebanon.. It costs 777 $ with 550 $ gift (Vr gear,samsung smart watch....) which is an amazing offer for this device
moondarck, 09 Aug 2016I have the note 3 since it's release , you can check when that was, and I've had zero battery ... moreAll because it says 100% on the counter every time.; All because it says 100% on the counter every time.
Its time for "Note7 MAX" with 6.6" display and 6GB ram.; Its time for "Note7 MAX" with 6.6" display and 6GB ram.
Tcool, 09 Aug 2016LOL! Those camera features were already present in my mid range phone Huawei P9. And also in ... moreYeah, it is present in the Note.5 - amazing, you just swipe down to switch between cameras... And apparently you have as well S Pen translate, 15-second GIF creation, secret folder, iris scanner, HDR video playing, resolution control, blue light filter, microSD slot, water-resistance, and have curved display edges... Right... /S; Yeah, it is present in the Note.5 - amazing, you just swipe down to switch between cameras... And apparently you have as well S Pen translate, 15-second GIF creation, secret folder, iris scanner, HDR video playing, resolution control, blue light filter, microSD slot, water-resistance, and have curved display edges... Right... /S
I have been using the phone for past 5 n half days. It's awesomeness. Perfect design and build quality.perfect implementation of curved screen with more flat screen area compared to all other curved Samsung phones.Super useful improved s pen functions. Excellent camera. Top notch battery life ( almost 6 hrs screen on time and easily a day with one charge). Thumbs up to Samsung to keep 64 gb as standard storage option.; I have been using the phone for past 5 n half days. It's awesomeness. Perfect design and build quality.perfect implementation of curved screen with more flat screen area compared to all other curved Samsung phones.Super useful improved s pen functions. Excellent camera. Top notch battery life ( almost 6 hrs screen on time and easily a day with one charge). Thumbs up to Samsung to keep 64 gb as standard storage option.
Anonymous, 09 Aug 2016Long story short, it's the best overall package.Very nice mobile to buy.; Very nice mobile to buy.
JM, 09 Aug 2016Whaaaat! The Samsung Galaxy Note 7 has a Non-Removable battery? That is just so Not Cool! What... moreI have the note 3 since it's release , you can check when that was, and I've had zero battery issues since. Li-pol batteries are very durable and long lasting, at first I was careful of how I charge it (not that you need to be) , but then I started to abuse it - play heavy games while charging, watching movies etc. Guess what - still zero problems what so ever. The note7 battery is going to be alright for at least 3 years of heavy use.; I have the note 3 since it's release , you can check when that was, and I've had zero battery issues since. Li-pol batteries are very durable and long lasting, at first I was careful of how I charge it (not that you need to be) , but then I started to abuse it - play heavy games while charging, watching movies etc. Guess what - still zero problems what so ever. The note7 battery is going to be alright for at least 3 years of heavy use.
JM, 09 Aug 2016Whaaaat! The Samsung Galaxy Note 7 has a Non-Removable battery? That is just so Not Cool! What... moreThe battery can always be replaced at an approved Samsung store.; The battery can always be replaced at an approved Samsung store.
Whaaaat! The Samsung Galaxy Note 7 has a Non-Removable battery? That is just so Not Cool! What is the lifespan of this phone? Why buy such a beautiful and expensive phone only to throw it away because the battery died at some point and Could Not Be Replaced?
 Does Not Make Sense To Me!; Whaaaat! The Samsung Galaxy Note 7 has a Non-Removable battery? That is just so Not Cool! What is the lifespan of this phone? Why buy such a beautiful and expensive phone only to throw it away because the battery died at some point and Could Not Be Replaced?; Does Not Make Sense To Me!
Anonymous, 09 Aug 2016I have also been thinking about this.... well... its the best and only phablet with a decent s... moreLong story short, it's the best overall package.; Long story short, it's the best overall package.
I believe he's talking about the power saving option that allows you to reduce the display resolution, not the camera resolution itself. Just being a lil' obvious here. xD; I believe he's talking about the power saving option that allows you to reduce the display resolution, not the camera resolution itself. Just being a lil' obvious here. xD
ahmed tanveer, 09 Aug 2016Is the NOTE 7 the best for Samsung till now? Is it really the best in gaming and camera? Jus... moreI have also been thinking about this.... well... its the best and only phablet with a decent stylus in the market. camera? gaming? not the best i guess... Its a note series in samsung. it really does a great job for being a phablet with a stylus. Only if you uses it.... else. Many other phones beats it easily. Be it price or specs. Every part of this phone is considered very updated, just not the best in the world. But it the only one with a darn stylus. How i hope other big brands comes out with something better with a stylus.; I have also been thinking about this.... well... its the best and only phablet with a decent stylus in the market. camera? gaming? not the best i guess... Its a note series in samsung. it really does a great job for being a phablet with a stylus. Only if you uses it.... else. Many other phones beats it easily. Be it price or specs. Every part of this phone is considered very updated, just not the best in the world. But it the only one with a darn stylus. How i hope other big brands comes out with something better with a stylus.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 09 Aug 2016I'm stoked with the new power-saving functions that reduces the screen resolution down to 720p... moreLOL! Swiping to the sides for camera modes was already in the camera of the premium phone Note 5. Don't spread your ignorance here!; LOL! Swiping to the sides for camera modes was already in the camera of the premium phone Note 5. Don't spread your ignorance here!
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 09 Aug 2016I'm stoked with the new power-saving functions that reduces the screen resolution down to 720p... moreLOL! Those camera features were already present in my mid range phone Huawei P9.
 And also in the camera of the premium 64GB Note 5.
 Don't spread your ignorance here.; LOL! Those camera features were already present in my mid range phone Huawei P9.; And also in the camera of the premium 64GB Note 5.; Don't spread your ignorance here.
Love this phone very much this is the daammm good phone in 2016....; Love this phone very much this is the daammm good phone in 2016....
Anonymous, 09 Aug 2016wow what an essay.... apart from removable battery who cares.Are u a damn poet man? This device rocks so stop saying nothing.; Are u a damn poet man? This device rocks so stop saying nothing.
I'm stoked with the new power-saving functions that reduces the screen resolution down to 720p.
 
 The camera sensor is the same excellent one with the S7 series, except new interface functions like swiping to the sides for camera modes, and flipping from the top to to change front to rear cameras.; I'm stoked with the new power-saving functions that reduces the screen resolution down to 720p.; The camera sensor is the same excellent one with the S7 series, except new interface functions like swiping to the sides for camera modes, and flipping from the top to to change front to rear cameras.
So if you like to have one sim and sd card - you can buy note 7 single sim . If you like to have dual sim without sd card - you can buy note 5 duos . For both - you can buy note 4 duos . Where is the point to buy note 7 duos ?; So if you like to have one sim and sd card - you can buy note 7 single sim . If you like to have dual sim without sd card - you can buy note 5 duos . For both - you can buy note 4 duos . Where is the point to buy note 7 duos ?
Year aftwr year and samsung is making us dissapointed and dissapointed .. why samsung ?? Waitibg 365 days just to see a phone with just increased few MAH battery ?? .. not removable ? What if some day i dropped my note 7 in water and some how water got inside it .. what i do .. just seeing my note 7 burning like firecracks ??? My s5 dropped in water and it works fine becuz i removed battery( water get inside it cuz my brother forgot to close back cover properly) so u will say oh uts yr brother fault .. ok yes but at least removable battery corrects my brother falt.. note 7 is a massive dissapointment .. just upgraded cpu and gpu no less no more .. and if u r gamer keep ur old phobe cuz games are optimized for old devices u have to wait kobg to get bwtter exp on newer devices ... i love samsung i have note 4 and galaxy alpha and if anyone wants to switch his/her note 7 with my note 4 i will be an idiot if i accept .. or uf i bought it and get new note 7 ... waiting to next year hoping samsung will impressive us with note 8 or whatever it called .. thanks; Year aftwr year and samsung is making us dissapointed and dissapointed .. why samsung ?? Waitibg 365 days just to see a phone with just increased few MAH battery ?? .. not removable ? What if some day i dropped my note 7 in water and some how water got inside it .. what i do .. just seeing my note 7 burning like firecracks ??? My s5 dropped in water and it works fine becuz i removed battery( water get inside it cuz my brother forgot to close back cover properly) so u will say oh uts yr brother fault .. ok yes but at least removable battery corrects my brother falt.. note 7 is a massive dissapointment .. just upgraded cpu and gpu no less no more .. and if u r gamer keep ur old phobe cuz games are optimized for old devices u have to wait kobg to get bwtter exp on newer devices ... i love samsung i have note 4 and galaxy alpha and if anyone wants to switch his/her note 7 with my note 4 i will be an idiot if i accept .. or uf i bought it and get new note 7 ... waiting to next year hoping samsung will impressive us with note 8 or whatever it called .. thanks
[deleted post]They keep on putting on a stronger glass at the back, cause they know what style is, unlike some people i know of...
 
 Class all the way...; They keep on putting on a stronger glass at the back, cause they know what style is, unlike some people i know of...; Class all the way...
nobody, 09 Aug 2016Can Samsung answer this question as I am sorry I didn't know about the s5..Samsung made the s5 water resistant with removable battery by simply making a little strip of rubber on the back of the cover that fits over the battery. they also made a flip cover over the charging port.
 
 to add on, they gave ADH Premium with for free... That is either 1 free screen repair and 1 free water repair, or 2 water or 2 screen. depending what you chose when you registered the device on ADH Premium.; Samsung made the s5 water resistant with removable battery by simply making a little strip of rubber on the back of the cover that fits over the battery. they also made a flip cover over the charging port.; to add on, they gave ADH Premium with for free... That is either 1 free screen repair and 1 free water repair, or 2 water or 2 screen. depending what you chose when you registered the device on ADH Premium.
Good news for traveller.. note 7 has 4 gps:
 A-GPS precision 5m
 GLONASS precision 7m
 BEIDOU precision 10m
 GALILEO precision 1m
 I think note 7 will be the best gear in 2016!!!
 Camera, stylus, gps, high quality audio, and many many more...!
 Can't wait to see the review!! Cheers!!; Good news for traveller.. note 7 has 4 gps:; A-GPS precision 5m; GLONASS precision 7m; BEIDOU precision 10m; GALILEO precision 1m; I think note 7 will be the best gear in 2016!!!; Camera, stylus, gps, high quality audio, and many many more...!; Can't wait to see the review!! Cheers!!
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 09 Aug 2016Yeah, discipline by NOT using the smartphone so much like for watching YouTube, browsing, lis... moreThat's really good advise from you not me.
 You are the one who enumerated those things, not me.; That's really good advise from you not me.; You are the one who enumerated those things, not me.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 09 Aug 2016Yeah, discipline by NOT using the smartphone so much like for watching YouTube, browsing, lis... moreClear the facts, did I advised that?
 You are the one who enumerated those things not me.
 Yeah, nice advise from you.; Clear the facts, did I advised that?; You are the one who enumerated those things not me.; Yeah, nice advise from you.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 09 Aug 2016Yeah, discipline by NOT using the smartphone so much like for watching YouTube, browsing, lis... moreSorry but I didn't mention any of those thing.
 You are the one who are saying that.
 What I mention is charging the phone to the fullest before leaving and that is what I meant when I said discipline.
 Stop being bitter.; Sorry but I didn't mention any of those thing.; You are the one who are saying that.; What I mention is charging the phone to the fullest before leaving and that is what I meant when I said discipline.; Stop being bitter.
So amazing that it become a most pre-order smart phone in my country (CAMBODIA). Really love SAMSUNG.; So amazing that it become a most pre-order smart phone in my country (CAMBODIA). Really love SAMSUNG.
Is the NOTE 7 the best for Samsung till now?
 Is it really the best in gaming and camera?
 Justify your opinions with reasons.
 Thank you for answering.; Is the NOTE 7 the best for Samsung till now?; Is it really the best in gaming and camera?; Justify your opinions with reasons.; Thank you for answering.
Jay94, 09 Aug 2016I'm in love with this note 7 .just waiting to be launched Sealed ports using flaps and the back cover had a rubber seal around it. This is visible in any image of the inside of S5 back cover.; Sealed ports using flaps and the back cover had a rubber seal around it. This is visible in any image of the inside of S5 back cover.
Same question every year 
 why the ram is not Xgb
 why non removable battery
 why no fm radio
 why the storage is not Xgb
 why it cant fly
 why it cant run 
 why it does not dance 
 
 samsung users are crazy; Same question every year; why the ram is not Xgb; why non removable battery; why no fm radio; why the storage is not Xgb; why it cant fly; why it cant run; why it does not dance; samsung users are crazy
Anonymous, 09 Aug 2016Which one? Ipad pro 9.7 or galaxy note 7 for home.. I need one of them for noting watching vid... moreNote 7 of course.
 Pen included
 No need to charge it
 Water resistant
 Good looking
 Always on display
 Better camera
 Better battery life
 
 Even better than 6s.; Note 7 of course.; Pen included; No need to charge it; Water resistant; Good looking; Always on display; Better camera; Better battery life; Even better than 6s.
Anonymous, 09 Aug 2016All phones heat up when charging.It does??!!??; It does??!!??
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 09 Aug 2016Yeah, discipline by NOT using the smartphone so much like for watching YouTube, browsing, lis... morethen the battery must be really bad that it can not support all these features from one point to another on daily basis; then the battery must be really bad that it can not support all these features from one point to another on daily basis
Why can't Samsung provide dedicated slot for dual sim handset's as compare to Sony handset's...; Why can't Samsung provide dedicated slot for dual sim handset's as compare to Sony handset's...
Nice phone,but why Ram is still 4gb.it should be 6gb yr.
 Remaining configuration is pretty good.M waitting 4 it.thanks.; Nice phone,but why Ram is still 4gb.it should be 6gb yr.; Remaining configuration is pretty good.M waitting 4 it.thanks.
Tcool, 09 Aug 2016You don't need to carry a power bank all the time neither and extra battery for plastic phone.... moreYeah, discipline by NOT using the smartphone so much like for watching YouTube, browsing, listening to music or audio books, no drawing with the S Pen either, and most especially no games.
 
 Keep everything off, like data, all the radios. Yeah, is a good idea to not use it totally use it until somebody you want to impress is present. That's really good advice there. S/; Yeah, discipline by NOT using the smartphone so much like for watching YouTube, browsing, listening to music or audio books, no drawing with the S Pen either, and most especially no games.; Keep everything off, like data, all the radios. Yeah, is a good idea to not use it totally use it until somebody you want to impress is present. That's really good advice there. S/
Anonymous, 09 Aug 2016Which one? Ipad pro 9.7 or galaxy note 7 for home.. I need one of them for noting watching vid... moreNote7!
 No need buy extra accessories
 No need to recharge the pen
 Super AMOLED, HDR support.
 VR support 
 
 But if you need a bigger screen, buy iPad.; Note7!; No need buy extra accessories; No need to recharge the pen; Super AMOLED, HDR support.; VR support; But if you need a bigger screen, buy iPad.
For home I recommend I pad specially foe videos because of screen size; For home I recommend I pad specially foe videos because of screen size
I'm in love with this note 7 .just waiting to be launched; I'm in love with this note 7 .just waiting to be launched
SUDHAKAR, 09 Aug 2016Can you answer how Samsung S5 was made water resistant with removable battery?.Can Samsung answer this question as I am sorry I didn't know about the s5..; Can Samsung answer this question as I am sorry I didn't know about the s5..
Anonymous, 09 Aug 2016All phones heat up when charging.Not mine, maybe yours only!; Not mine, maybe yours only!
Which one is batter processor exynos 8890 or snapdragon 820 plz reply me on shahzadadil50@gmail.com 
 Thanks; Which one is batter processor exynos 8890 or snapdragon 820 plz reply me on shahzadadil50@gmail.com; Thanks
Which one? Ipad pro 9.7 or galaxy note 7 for home.. I need one of them for noting watching video and internet for outdoor i will purchase xperia x but between note 7 and ipad pro 9.7 which one is better .. I think samsung stylus is better than apple ipads . Is this true? I work with note 5 and note 3 stylus both are good but i didn't work with apple pencil . Pls help me for choise. 
 I have galaxy s4 and sony z ultra for outdoor and indoor but thry are old enough i have them from 2013 days; Which one? Ipad pro 9.7 or galaxy note 7 for home.. I need one of them for noting watching video and internet for outdoor i will purchase xperia x but between note 7 and ipad pro 9.7 which one is better .. I think samsung stylus is better than apple ipads . Is this true? I work with note 5 and note 3 stylus both are good but i didn't work with apple pencil . Pls help me for choise.; I have galaxy s4 and sony z ultra for outdoor and indoor but thry are old enough i have them from 2013 days
IT Manager, 09 Aug 2016Fellow Filipino here. I agree with all your points. I actually have pre-ordered one yesterday.... moreAnd some are tech junkies who don't even use the S Pen at all.; And some are tech junkies who don't even use the S Pen at all.
Andy, 08 Aug 2016Let me have my liberty to post my opinion with regard to what the people are complaining about... moreFellow Filipino here. I agree with all your points. I actually have pre-ordered one yesterday. Honestly, this is the first time I am buying a Samsung product. My previous phone is LG Nexus 5 which got soaked in water once and never woke up again.
 
 As of now I am blind with the clamor regarding the Note 7's features (most of them are current Note users). They are practically discouraging the people to purchase the product. I understand their intention of warning people before spending away their money. But most of the comments I read are just rants.
 
 The Note 7's captive market are business users. Ordinary consumers would rather purchase the S series. Why? Because they are just lazy to use the stylus.
 
 Having said that, it is safe to say that more than 50% of the prospective buyers of Note 7 knows what they are buying. Note 7 is not a joke. It is feature-packed and would probably last for more than 5 years!; Fellow Filipino here. I agree with all your points. I actually have pre-ordered one yesterday. Honestly, this is the first time I am buying a Samsung product. My previous phone is LG Nexus 5 which got soaked in water once and never woke up again.; As of now I am blind with the clamor regarding the Note 7's features (most of them are current Note users). They are practically discouraging the people to purchase the product. I understand their intention of warning people before spending away their money. But most of the comments I read are just rants.; The Note 7's captive market are business users. Ordinary consumers would rather purchase the S series. Why? Because they are just lazy to use the stylus.; Having said that, it is safe to say that more than 50% of the prospective buyers of Note 7 knows what they are buying. Note 7 is not a joke. It is feature-packed and would probably last for more than 5 years!
Anonymous, 09 Aug 2016LOL! My premium 64GB Note 5 doesn't heat up at all when I do fast wireless charging. Keep lyi... moreAll phones heat up when charging.; All phones heat up when charging.
Makes you really think what was Samsung's decision makers thinking behind last year's Note NOT having memory expansion, and 64 GB version was not available everywhere.
 
 It's really good to see 64 GB being base model and returning memory expansion so I can pretty much use my 128GB microSD. Planning to get the 256GB microSD. Too bad this is not UFS card compatible... or maybe it is?
 
 I'm expecting this to be as early as 19th. I was thinking of waiting for the reviewers to publish the performance. Testing the S Pen 4096 levels of pressure just made me ordering right away.; Makes you really think what was Samsung's decision makers thinking behind last year's Note NOT having memory expansion, and 64 GB version was not available everywhere.; It's really good to see 64 GB being base model and returning memory expansion so I can pretty much use my 128GB microSD. Planning to get the 256GB microSD. Too bad this is not UFS card compatible... or maybe it is?; I'm expecting this to be as early as 19th. I was thinking of waiting for the reviewers to publish the performance. Testing the S Pen 4096 levels of pressure just made me ordering right away.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 09 Aug 2016About your comment segment on the removable battery... I have read all necessary literature, a... moreYou don't need to carry a power bank all the time neither and extra battery for plastic phone. It is just a matter of discipline.
 Charge your phone 1 to 2 hours before you leave and you will have a 100% fully charged phone by the time you're about to leave. I won't believe your phone will be 50% discharged when you reach your destination where there would always be available power outlet to charge. If there is a will there is a way, closed minded people always have reasons.; You don't need to carry a power bank all the time neither and extra battery for plastic phone. It is just a matter of discipline.; Charge your phone 1 to 2 hours before you leave and you will have a 100% fully charged phone by the time you're about to leave. I won't believe your phone will be 50% discharged when you reach your destination where there would always be available power outlet to charge. If there is a will there is a way, closed minded people always have reasons.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 09 Aug 2016About your comment segment on the removable battery... I have read all necessary literature, a... moreLOL! My premium 64GB Note 5 doesn't heat up at all when I do fast wireless charging.
 Keep lying and misleading readers alleged teacher!; LOL! My premium 64GB Note 5 doesn't heat up at all when I do fast wireless charging.; Keep lying and misleading readers alleged teacher!
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 09 Aug 2016It's likely you have been charging to keep the battery powered for the day - something I do no... moreSo piggy, you have now the plastic remote control and the "fragile" glass Note 7. Hmmm.. status ornament. The plastic brick phone cannot do all your crazy stuff so you need a "fragile" glass phone to back up.; So piggy, you have now the plastic remote control and the "fragile" glass Note 7. Hmmm.. status ornament. The plastic brick phone cannot do all your crazy stuff so you need a "fragile" glass phone to back up.
Andy, 08 Aug 2016Let me have my liberty to post my opinion with regard to what the people are complaining about... moreTry Apple iPhone maybe you can find all those features in any of their phones.; Try Apple iPhone maybe you can find all those features in any of their phones.
Deal killers:
 No flat screen
 No removable battery 
 No IR Blaster
 
 The water resistance is a good move but the iris scanner is a waste. I would rather havery an fm radio. I would have been ready to replace my note 4 if they had made a note 4 with the newer cpu/gpu.; Deal killers:; No flat screen; No removable battery; No IR Blaster; The water resistance is a good move but the iris scanner is a waste. I would rather havery an fm radio. I would have been ready to replace my note 4 if they had made a note 4 with the newer cpu/gpu.
absolut-allen, 09 Aug 2016I've had the Note 5, 2 weeks earlier than it was released and I'm definitely a power user on t... moreIt's likely you have been charging to keep the battery powered for the day - something I do not have to worry with an extended battery on my Note 3. If you have recorded your battery use, there will be a difference now at probably 20% less efficient. As I explained on my last post to someone about Depth of Discharge, keeping up the battery percentage whenever you can will increase the life cycles. http://flic.kr/p/J9T9mh 
 
 I believe the secret folder can be assigned with a fingerprint or digit code. Nothing so amazing about iris scanning, just something extra. I'm crazy about the S Pen getting 4096 levels of pressure sensitivity.; It's likely you have been charging to keep the battery powered for the day - something I do not have to worry with an extended battery on my Note 3. If you have recorded your battery use, there will be a difference now at probably 20% less efficient. As I explained on my last post to someone about Depth of Discharge, keeping up the battery percentage whenever you can will increase the life cycles.; I believe the secret folder can be assigned with a fingerprint or digit code. Nothing so amazing about iris scanning, just something extra. I'm crazy about the S Pen getting 4096 levels of pressure sensitivity.
I'm not one of some rich people who can easily buy one or two note7. After one year or less they can easily replace the note7 with S8 or note8. But i still want to have a note7 for use more than two year to replace it with the new one. Because of that i need a smartphone that can easily replace the battery by my self. So the removal battery is one of great thing to have if your note7 battery is about to die within two year or less. Note that I'm not the rich people who have a lots of money.; I'm not one of some rich people who can easily buy one or two note7. After one year or less they can easily replace the note7 with S8 or note8. But i still want to have a note7 for use more than two year to replace it with the new one. Because of that i need a smartphone that can easily replace the battery by my self. So the removal battery is one of great thing to have if your note7 battery is about to die within two year or less. Note that I'm not the rich people who have a lots of money.
Andy, 08 Aug 2016Let me have my liberty to post my opinion with regard to what the people are complaining about... moreAbout your comment segment on the removable battery... I have read all necessary literature, and watched Youtube videos on the matter of how batteries work, and the best practices according to the technical experts. The battery will degrade and you can just expect a good 300 to 500 charge cycles. Each cycle is equivalent to one fully drained to fully charged - it can be counted as the accumulations of fractions of charges, ie - you charge even if you don't fully drain the battery all the time.
 
 And some rules are if you want a battery to be efficient are:
 1. Keep the charge between 40% to 80% - best is never let your charge to lower than 50% as keeping up the battery's % up can increase life cycles. Here is a DoD (Depth of Discharge) chart showing you can increase battery cycles of up to 4 times, or even to more than 2000 charge cycles if you keep it charge above 75%: http://flic.kr/p/J9T9mh 
 
 2. Heat is the number one enemy of batteries - Do not fast charge or use any sort of induction (wireless) charging as they contribute to degradation mainly because they contribute more heat.
 
 3. Best to charge small chunks of charging when you can top up your battery - this is related to number one on this list. This means you have to carry a powerbank most of the time.
 
 I like the fact that water-resistance has made it more compelling for the device's survival, and not being able to take the battery is a security delay so that you can track where your device is if someone stole it - well, they can just remove the SIM in the mean time. Now we can lock our phones so no one can install or reboot to factory settings - ie, it's more secure than ever. I believe there are apps that prevent your device from being turned off. They can just reboot it, but not turn it off.; About your comment segment on the removable battery... I have read all necessary literature, and watched Youtube videos on the matter of how batteries work, and the best practices according to the technical experts. The battery will degrade and you can just expect a good 300 to 500 charge cycles. Each cycle is equivalent to one fully drained to fully charged - it can be counted as the accumulations of fractions of charges, ie - you charge even if you don't fully drain the battery all the time.; And some rules are if you want a battery to be efficient are:; 1. Keep the charge between 40% to 80% - best is never let your charge to lower than 50% as keeping up the battery's % up can increase life cycles. Here is a DoD (Depth of Discharge) chart showing you can increase battery cycles of up to 4 times, or even to more than 2000 charge cycles if you keep it charge above 75%:; 2. Heat is the number one enemy of batteries - Do not fast charge or use any sort of induction (wireless) charging as they contribute to degradation mainly because they contribute more heat.; 3. Best to charge small chunks of charging when you can top up your battery - this is related to number one on this list. This means you have to carry a powerbank most of the time.; I like the fact that water-resistance has made it more compelling for the device's survival, and not being able to take the battery is a security delay so that you can track where your device is if someone stole it - well, they can just remove the SIM in the mean time. Now we can lock our phones so no one can install or reboot to factory settings - ie, it's more secure than ever. I believe there are apps that prevent your device from being turned off. They can just reboot it, but not turn it off.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 09 Aug 2016Hey, Allen. Um, I'm not super excited about the iris scanner, or fingerprint scanner to unlock... moreI've had the Note 5, 2 weeks earlier than it was released and I'm definitely a power user on this phone. I've not yet had to visit any service center for the battery, only had to buy multiple USB cords that plug into the charger because they crack up by the plugin. Decided to buy the wireless charger after 4 cracked wires. 
 
 Hey man, no big deal if you're into the Note 7 - the iris scanner is worthless (even for secret folders).; I've had the Note 5, 2 weeks earlier than it was released and I'm definitely a power user on this phone. I've not yet had to visit any service center for the battery, only had to buy multiple USB cords that plug into the charger because they crack up by the plugin. Decided to buy the wireless charger after 4 cracked wires.; Hey man, no big deal if you're into the Note 7 - the iris scanner is worthless (even for secret folders).
absolut-allen, 08 Aug 2016This is laughable. You call that an upgrade? Have fun putting the phone to your eye 100's of t... moreHey, Allen. Um, I'm not super excited about the iris scanner, or fingerprint scanner to unlock my phone. You still have to press the home key or power button, swipe to the unlock interface, and then either put your fingerprint on the home button or look and the iris scanner.
 
 What I'm doing currently is one less step with Google's Smart Lock (under security settings) whereby since I'm always connected with a trusted Bluetooth accessory like my wireless earphones, I just swipe to unlock.
 
 Iris is just like the fingerprint scanner - it's there for opening your secret folder. The secret folder is something.
 
 Note7 is a worthy upgrade to me mainly because of the camera and S Pen vast improvements compared to my present Note 3. Water-resistance and memory expansion are secondary things that are important to me. And I still hate the fact the back is glass, and having replace the battery means going to their service center and pay a lot more for just a new battery.; Hey, Allen. Um, I'm not super excited about the iris scanner, or fingerprint scanner to unlock my phone. You still have to press the home key or power button, swipe to the unlock interface, and then either put your fingerprint on the home button or look and the iris scanner.; What I'm doing currently is one less step with Google's Smart Lock (under security settings) whereby since I'm always connected with a trusted Bluetooth accessory like my wireless earphones, I just swipe to unlock.; Iris is just like the fingerprint scanner - it's there for opening your secret folder. The secret folder is something.; Note7 is a worthy upgrade to me mainly because of the camera and S Pen vast improvements compared to my present Note 3. Water-resistance and memory expansion are secondary things that are important to me. And I still hate the fact the back is glass, and having replace the battery means going to their service center and pay a lot more for just a new battery.
xxx, 08 Aug 2016then dont buy this phone.....i think you are poor people who dont have a money :pbuy the phone think of the people who need the money from the Oilmen who get the raw materials for the plastics to the miners who get the coal for wire to the thousands in assembly and many more in distribution and sales, buy this phone and you will be doing your part by contributing to the betterment of thousands of working men and women (and a couple rich guys too); buy the phone think of the people who need the money from the Oilmen who get the raw materials for the plastics to the miners who get the coal for wire to the thousands in assembly and many more in distribution and sales, buy this phone and you will be doing your part by contributing to the betterment of thousands of working men and women (and a couple rich guys too)
if u want buy a better phone..buy the huawei mate 8....superb design with superb specs...better than any sam's son; if u want buy a better phone..buy the huawei mate 8....superb design with superb specs...better than any sam's son
IncidentFlux, 07 Aug 2016Will to switch to either Samsung or LG, if/when they offer all these. For now, Note 7 is la... moreYou senseless. Go and see the endurance rating of V10 and Samsung Note 4.; You senseless. Go and see the endurance rating of V10 and Samsung Note 4.
nobody, 08 Aug 2016What is wrong with you "non removal battery" MOANERS?! I was one of the anti "non removal bat... moreCan you answer how Samsung S5 was made water resistant with removable battery?.; Can you answer how Samsung S5 was made water resistant with removable battery?.
Note 7 :
 Does not vary much from Note 4
 and is a exact copy of the S7 series.; Note 7 :; Does not vary much from Note 4; and is a exact copy of the S7 series.
Yes, everything this device have are awesome except for it's a little bit narrow in shape. It should be equal to note 5 in width if not wider.; Yes, everything this device have are awesome except for it's a little bit narrow in shape. It should be equal to note 5 in width if not wider.
my note 4 still rocks. tangina; my note 4 still rocks. tangina
absolut-allen, 08 Aug 2016This is laughable. You call that an upgrade? Have fun putting the phone to your eye 100's of t... moreI see the iris scanner being great for people wearing gloves though.; I see the iris scanner being great for people wearing gloves though.
Andy, 08 Aug 2016Let me have my liberty to post my opinion with regard to what the people are complaining about... morewow what an essay.... apart from removable battery who cares.; wow what an essay.... apart from removable battery who cares.
Andy, 08 Aug 2016Let me have my liberty to post my opinion with regard to what the people are complaining about... moreYour comment is a good example of people who just see the minus or negatives or cons instead of all the good and positive things N7 gives to user.
 
 Deep condolences for you.; Your comment is a good example of people who just see the minus or negatives or cons instead of all the good and positive things N7 gives to user.; Deep condolences for you.
nobody, 08 Aug 2016What is wrong with you "non removal battery" MOANERS?! I was one of the anti "non removal bat... moreThe phone is impressing but for u who's asking like how can the phone be a water resistant with a renovat battery??? How then did Samsung manage to put it in a galaxy s5??? You'll getyour answer there you nobody!!!; The phone is impressing but for u who's asking like how can the phone be a water resistant with a renovat battery??? How then did Samsung manage to put it in a galaxy s5??? You'll getyour answer there you nobody!!!
The proponents of the ir blaster are mostly the really lazy and spoiled ones. Oh my god i must absolutely have one remote control for everything in my technologically advanced house! Two or 3 more won't do at all!; The proponents of the ir blaster are mostly the really lazy and spoiled ones. Oh my god i must absolutely have one remote control for everything in my technologically advanced house! Two or 3 more won't do at all!
Andy, 08 Aug 2016Let me have my liberty to post my opinion with regard to what the people are complaining about... moreSo, iam waiting for LG V20 so much,,; So, iam waiting for LG V20 so much,,
Observer1979, 08 Aug 2016bro i have a samsung s4 3 years now with 2 extra batteries and its working fine for me wanted ... morei agree with you in basics, because my current phone is htc one + .. and i am a very heavy user of smartphone in addition to being an IT user. But few months back i started the hunt for a new phone because i cpuld feel the heaviness of the new apps on my phone.; i agree with you in basics, because my current phone is htc one + .. and i am a very heavy user of smartphone in addition to being an IT user. But few months back i started the hunt for a new phone because i cpuld feel the heaviness of the new apps on my phone.
Let me have my liberty to post my opinion with regard to what the people are complaining about.
 
 1. NO IR BLASTER REMOTE.
 IR blasters are good for controlling smart devices; aircon, TVs, etc. But controlling these devices may sometimes fall into wrong doing. Public appliances like, TVs at airports, aircons at clubs etc., these appliances must require only authorize personel to operate this machinery/devices. So if you control these things without a certain permission you are and thereby violating one's privacy (the owener). It seems samsung are directly responsible with these, not rather its consumers. Thereby the removal of the IR blasters.
 
 2. NO FM RADIO.
 Galaxy S and Notes are part of Samsung's flagshiplines. These flagship smartphones are aim to the general public at anytime. But considering the expensive nature of these phones, only those rich people who can afford this kind of devices. Judging by that, these people do not typically listens to fm radios. Why would they listen when they can stream? Moreover, these flagship phones require hardware management designs. A single component in a smartphone is very essential to the space it takes to the ratio on value it had while maintaining phones overall design. (See examples like Apple removing 3.5mm headphone jack). So by removing the hardware components/ Fm raduo receivers, engineers may put something more valuable than the fm radio. Plus, as I had mentioned, these devices are target to the rich people. On emerging markets like, India, xountries in africa and philippines (where I live) have other devices which cater the needs of the fm radio. Theres the J series, and A series with affordable prices. I use J7 btw.
 
 3. NO REMOVABLE BATTERY
 Let me ask a question though, What's the difference if I buy a power pack and a separate battery? There is really none in my opinion. To me Id rather had a water resistant phone than having a removable battery. Plus, fast charging will cater the needs extra juice on the go whenever you are running low on juice. There's also wirrless baterry pack.
 
 4. NO OPTION FOR FLAT DISPLAY
 Really samsung? Well I guess they are making the "Edge Display Tech" as there defining feature. As there trademark or something.
 
 5. GEMMICKERY
 I am particulary saying about the iris scanner. Why do you complain about this. Its not gonna bite when you dont use it though. Maybe it has to do with Europian release i think. Remember note 5? It was not release in the europian countries. Maybe its because of the cold. People tend to use gloves in cold weather, fingerprint wont function with gloves on thats why they did not release the the Note 5. Now there is an iris scanner on the new note maybe europiam people are happy now. Haha, i think its a ridiculous yet a viable theory dont you think?
 
 
 Well guys, those are my insights about this new Note, hope I can clear some hate about this devices. Its really a nice device though, theres nothing to hate about it. (Although 4GB ram is somewhat disappointing) But other than that its worth an upgrade.
 
 Feel free to comment about this post. Be sure to post your opinions constructively though, you are not an immature kid! And I dont feed trools.
 
 Peace y'all.; Let me have my liberty to post my opinion with regard to what the people are complaining about.; 1. NO IR BLASTER REMOTE.; IR blasters are good for controlling smart devices; aircon, TVs, etc. But controlling these devices may sometimes fall into wrong doing. Public appliances like, TVs at airports, aircons at clubs etc., these appliances must require only authorize personel to operate this machinery/devices. So if you control these things without a certain permission you are and thereby violating one's privacy (the owener). It seems samsung are directly responsible with these, not rather its consumers. Thereby the removal of the IR blasters.; 2. NO FM RADIO.; Galaxy S and Notes are part of Samsung's flagshiplines. These flagship smartphones are aim to the general public at anytime. But considering the expensive nature of these phones, only those rich people who can afford this kind of devices. Judging by that, these people do not typically listens to fm radios. Why would they listen when they can stream? Moreover, these flagship phones require hardware management designs. A single component in a smartphone is very essential to the space it takes to the ratio on value it had while maintaining phones overall design. (See examples like Apple removing 3.5mm headphone jack). So by removing the hardware components/ Fm raduo receivers, engineers may put something more valuable than the fm radio. Plus, as I had mentioned, these devices are target to the rich people. On emerging markets like, India, xountries in africa and philippines (where I live) have other devices which cater the needs of the fm radio. Theres the J series, and A series with affordable prices. I use J7 btw.; 3. NO REMOVABLE BATTERY; Let me ask a question though, What's the difference if I buy a power pack and a separate battery? There is really none in my opinion. To me Id rather had a water resistant phone than having a removable battery. Plus, fast charging will cater the needs extra juice on the go whenever you are running low on juice. There's also wirrless baterry pack.; 4. NO OPTION FOR FLAT DISPLAY; Really samsung? Well I guess they are making the "Edge Display Tech" as there defining feature. As there trademark or something.; 5. GEMMICKERY; I am particulary saying about the iris scanner. Why do you complain about this. Its not gonna bite when you dont use it though. Maybe it has to do with Europian release i think. Remember note 5? It was not release in the europian countries. Maybe its because of the cold. People tend to use gloves in cold weather, fingerprint wont function with gloves on thats why they did not release the the Note 5. Now there is an iris scanner on the new note maybe europiam people are happy now. Haha, i think its a ridiculous yet a viable theory dont you think?; Well guys, those are my insights about this new Note, hope I can clear some hate about this devices. Its really a nice device though, theres nothing to hate about it. (Although 4GB ram is somewhat disappointing) But other than that its worth an upgrade.; Feel free to comment about this post. Be sure to post your opinions constructively though, you are not an immature kid! And I dont feed trools.; Peace y'all.
adam, 08 Aug 2016IR useful for lost remotes or accessing devices you don't have remotes for like office aircons... more
 How stupid you are to loose your TV remote control.
 
 It is not polite to mess up with office aircons or TVs (even the aircons in nightclubs) basically only authorized person is allowed to adjust those public appliances.
 
 Put yourself as the owner of those appliances, will you be happy if someone is messing around with your stuff?
 
 And Samsung's message is clear not to mess around with public appliances when it removes the IR blaster in their phones.
 
 Try again...; How stupid you are to loose your TV remote control.; It is not polite to mess up with office aircons or TVs (even the aircons in nightclubs) basically only authorized person is allowed to adjust those public appliances.; Put yourself as the owner of those appliances, will you be happy if someone is messing around with your stuff?; And Samsung's message is clear not to mess around with public appliances when it removes the IR blaster in their phones.; Try again...
absolut-allen, 08 Aug 2016This is laughable. You call that an upgrade? Have fun putting the phone to your eye 100's of t... moreYeah you are right.; Yeah you are right.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 08 Aug 2016Super AMOLED screen. Split screen function. An active digitizer pen that has 4096 levels of pr... moreDon't forget the return of glass body and non-removable battery.
 O also the Samsung pay and Gear VR headset support.; Don't forget the return of glass body and non-removable battery.; O also the Samsung pay and Gear VR headset support.
aldebsi, 08 Aug 2016I have to say that I am disappointed .. I mean there is now WOW factor .. everyone was waiting... morebro i have a samsung s4 3 years now with 2 extra batteries and its working fine for me wanted to upgrade to a note watched the note 5......disappointed and this note 7 still disappointed so i will upgrade to the note 4 instead don't need the latest to feel like someone the non removable batteries is a deal breaker for me given the issues samsung phones does have with over heating etc etc; bro i have a samsung s4 3 years now with 2 extra batteries and its working fine for me wanted to upgrade to a note watched the note 5......disappointed and this note 7 still disappointed so i will upgrade to the note 4 instead don't need the latest to feel like someone the non removable batteries is a deal breaker for me given the issues samsung phones does have with over heating etc etc
Joey, 08 Aug 2016Again no FM radio and no removable battery! Samsung continues producing overpriced useless was... moreTry iPhone maybe you can find FM radio and removable battery and the cheapest price from Apple phones.; Try iPhone maybe you can find FM radio and removable battery and the cheapest price from Apple phones.
xxx, 08 Aug 2016then dont buy this phone.....i think you are poor people who dont have a money :pXXX i so agree with you 100% and people does fall for the gimmicks and quick to fork out money for minor upgrades every year........no radio and built in batteries for flagships is the norm now.......glad for those who are caught up with hype; XXX i so agree with you 100% and people does fall for the gimmicks and quick to fork out money for minor upgrades every year........no radio and built in batteries for flagships is the norm now.......glad for those who are caught up with hype
What is wrong with you "non removal battery" MOANERS?!
 I was one of the anti "non removal battery" myself. 
 But now thanks Samsung made us a battery that is charged in 1/2 hr and lasts more than ever. They also made a backup battery that can be bought separately to be attached to the back of the mobile and it would charge it wirelessly.
 How else would the phone be water resistance if the battery would be removable.
 What is wrong with that? 
 Correct me if I am wrong.; What is wrong with you "non removal battery" MOANERS?!; I was one of the anti "non removal battery" myself.; But now thanks Samsung made us a battery that is charged in 1/2 hr and lasts more than ever. They also made a backup battery that can be bought separately to be attached to the back of the mobile and it would charge it wirelessly.; How else would the phone be water resistance if the battery would be removable.; What is wrong with that?; Correct me if I am wrong.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 08 Aug 2016Super AMOLED screen. Split screen function. An active digitizer pen that has 4096 levels of pr... moreThis is laughable. You call that an upgrade? Have fun putting the phone to your eye 100's of times a day when you want to access your phone. 
 
 Talk about gimmicks.; This is laughable. You call that an upgrade? Have fun putting the phone to your eye 100's of times a day when you want to access your phone.; Talk about gimmicks.
A lot of complains about ir blaster annd FM radio on this site. Those people can afford to buy this phone must have internet connection and smart TV. Sour grapes say the fox. Remouvable battery is not important. I will never buy an other battery to replace it, and I think nobody will do with the existing fast charging right now. Most opinions posted here are from hatters or kids. The most of features of this phone will have also a chipper chinese phone. But not the same display, camera or design. And IOS is not much better than android. Iphone 6s plus is more expensive than note7 with lower specs. But note 7 is way better than any Iphone including iphone 7 pro.
 Enyway is a marketing trick. Both Samsung and Apple are doing the minimal improuvements to keep the pozition on the market.; A lot of complains about ir blaster annd FM radio on this site. Those people can afford to buy this phone must have internet connection and smart TV. Sour grapes say the fox. Remouvable battery is not important. I will never buy an other battery to replace it, and I think nobody will do with the existing fast charging right now. Most opinions posted here are from hatters or kids. The most of features of this phone will have also a chipper chinese phone. But not the same display, camera or design. And IOS is not much better than android. Iphone 6s plus is more expensive than note7 with lower specs. But note 7 is way better than any Iphone including iphone 7 pro.; Enyway is a marketing trick. Both Samsung and Apple are doing the minimal improuvements to keep the pozition on the market.
Joey, 08 Aug 2016Again no FM radio and no removable battery! Samsung continues producing overpriced useless was... morethen dont buy this phone.....i think you are poor people who dont have a money :p; then dont buy this phone.....i think you are poor people who dont have a money :p
aldebsi, 08 Aug 2016I have to say that I am disappointed .. I mean there is now WOW factor .. everyone was waiting... moreSuper AMOLED screen. Split screen function. An active digitizer pen that has 4096 levels of pressure sensitivity which is twice more than standard Wacom pen system. Water-resistance. Best camera on a mobile phone right now, ranked #1 (via S7 Edge). HDR video. Iris scanner. Return of memory expansion.
 
 And way better than the Note.5.; Super AMOLED screen. Split screen function. An active digitizer pen that has 4096 levels of pressure sensitivity which is twice more than standard Wacom pen system. Water-resistance. Best camera on a mobile phone right now, ranked #1 (via S7 Edge). HDR video. Iris scanner. Return of memory expansion.; And way better than the Note.5.
I have to say that I am disappointed .. I mean there is now WOW factor .. everyone was waiting for the Note7 release so badly .. but all what u get is an expensive S7 with a stylus .. ok and maybe couple of more features .. like the iris scanner and c connector .. thats it ... but is this what customers were waiting for!??
 I have been postponing the decision of buying a new phone for so long now, waiting for the Note7 .. and here it is!!
 I am a very satisfied owner of an HTC but I did not like the HTC 10 .. it was more disappointing. I am not sure what to buy now!?? may be oneplus3 or s7 .. im really disappointed.; I have to say that I am disappointed .. I mean there is now WOW factor .. everyone was waiting for the Note7 release so badly .. but all what u get is an expensive S7 with a stylus .. ok and maybe couple of more features .. like the iris scanner and c connector .. thats it ... but is this what customers were waiting for!??; I have been postponing the decision of buying a new phone for so long now, waiting for the Note7 .. and here it is!!; I am a very satisfied owner of an HTC but I did not like the HTC 10 .. it was more disappointing. I am not sure what to buy now!?? may be oneplus3 or s7 .. im really disappointed.
Again no FM radio and no removable battery! Samsung continues producing overpriced useless waste only for the trashcan...; Again no FM radio and no removable battery! Samsung continues producing overpriced useless waste only for the trashcan...
I think samsung company despite first magnanimous start on "Galaxy s" in about 5-6 years ago ,the time that Iphone had looked like a Lord , it seem that SAM run in a way that Iphone had been run! EXPENSIVE!!! with many feature that exist in another brands .
 I use to "Galaxy S ii i9100" about 4 years, when SAM show up to us some benefits> quality ,best screen resolution , comfortable ... ,,, and now i found another company that grow up same way that SAM started; I think samsung company despite first magnanimous start on "Galaxy s" in about 5-6 years ago ,the time that Iphone had looked like a Lord , it seem that SAM run in a way that Iphone had been run! EXPENSIVE!!! with many feature that exist in another brands .; I use to "Galaxy S ii i9100" about 4 years, when SAM show up to us some benefits> quality ,best screen resolution , comfortable ... ,,, and now i found another company that grow up same way that SAM started
Anonymous, 08 Aug 2016IR transforms your smartphone into universal remote control for TVs, air conditioners, you nam... moreI bet you can't use your Note 4 for other task while using it as a remote control.
 Useless!; I bet you can't use your Note 4 for other task while using it as a remote control.; Useless!
Anonymous, 08 Aug 2016IR transforms your smartphone into universal remote control for TVs, air conditioners, you nam... moreIt is only one use, what is so essential about that?
 All appliances that works on remote control comes with their dedicated remote controller so why worry about IR?; It is only one use, what is so essential about that?; All appliances that works on remote control comes with their dedicated remote controller so why worry about IR?
adam, 08 Aug 2016IR useful for lost remotes or accessing devices you don't have remotes for like office aircons... moreIt is only one use, what is so essential about that?; It is only one use, what is so essential about that?
IR useful for lost remotes or accessing devices you don't have remotes for like office aircons or TVs (even the aircon's in nightclubs) Basically acts like a universal remote with the right app.; IR useful for lost remotes or accessing devices you don't have remotes for like office aircons or TVs (even the aircon's in nightclubs) Basically acts like a universal remote with the right app.
Anonymous, 08 Aug 2016IR for what? It is useless, who needs IR in the world of Wi-Fi?IR transforms your smartphone into universal remote control for TVs, air conditioners, you name it. Note 4 has IR and it's VERY handy.; IR transforms your smartphone into universal remote control for TVs, air conditioners, you name it. Note 4 has IR and it's VERY handy.
Seth Setiadha, 08 Aug 2016Thou I like the design better but I still dont like the glass back design, no replaceable batt... moreI agree, because of the following points:
 
 No IR / 12 MP instead of 13 MP (Note3) or 16 MP (Note4) / Although it has an aperture of F/1.7, inbuilt zoom is 26 mm instead of 31 mm / No info available about MHL 3 TV-out, Air Gesture and usage of both of the cameras at the same time / Headphone jack at the bottom instead of top, so can't connect the earphones and keep it straight (will have to be upside down) in pocket.
 
 Not saying that Note7 is a bad deal, but these few small options could have made it the best in the market, when Samsung is trying to compete with Apple and other big players. Waiting for Sept to grab it.; I agree, because of the following points:; No IR / 12 MP instead of 13 MP (Note3) or 16 MP (Note4) / Although it has an aperture of F/1.7, inbuilt zoom is 26 mm instead of 31 mm / No info available about MHL 3 TV-out, Air Gesture and usage of both of the cameras at the same time / Headphone jack at the bottom instead of top, so can't connect the earphones and keep it straight (will have to be upside down) in pocket.; Not saying that Note7 is a bad deal, but these few small options could have made it the best in the market, when Samsung is trying to compete with Apple and other big players. Waiting for Sept to grab it.
no ir, 08 Aug 2016skip >>> fail no IRIR for what? It is useless, who needs IR in the world of Wi-Fi?; IR for what? It is useless, who needs IR in the world of Wi-Fi?
AaronG85, 08 Aug 2016IR is a useful feature but I don't think it will ever be making a comeback.Useful for what? You cannot even mention two!; Useful for what? You cannot even mention two!
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 08 Aug 2016I know what you mean. The silliness of taking out the memory expansion was the failure of the ... moreLOL! Why did Samsung bring back the glass back, non removable battery, fast charging and wireless charging just like what they did to bring back the microSD card support?
 That is what you called silliness, bringing them back, including the latter?; LOL! Why did Samsung bring back the glass back, non removable battery, fast charging and wireless charging just like what they did to bring back the microSD card support?; That is what you called silliness, bringing them back, including the latter?
Pusht, 05 Aug 2016Guys, No clear edge over 7 Edge, just a short pen, basic no use, on software we can also writ... moreFor the umpteenth time, the Note 7 is NOT an upgrade for people using the S series! Its for the note series, therefore its an upgrade for the Note 5 not for S7 edge.; For the umpteenth time, the Note 7 is NOT an upgrade for people using the S series! Its for the note series, therefore its an upgrade for the Note 5 not for S7 edge.
A Â€3 IR adapter that plugs into the headphone socket will sort that out.; A Â€3 IR adapter that plugs into the headphone socket will sort that out.
As I understand from specifications for dual sim model - you have or second sim or micro sd ? What is the point of that ?; As I understand from specifications for dual sim model - you have or second sim or micro sd ? What is the point of that ?
IR is a useful feature but I don't think it will ever be making a comeback.; IR is a useful feature but I don't think it will ever be making a comeback.
Thou I like the design better but I still dont like the glass back design, no replaceable battery, RAM only 4gb ( i was expecting to be 6 , which it would be awesome if it were )
 So far i still prefer my note 4 for over design. the hardware spec, thou it has some improvements (except main camera), it hasn't significantly changed alot.; Thou I like the design better but I still dont like the glass back design, no replaceable battery, RAM only 4gb ( i was expecting to be 6 , which it would be awesome if it were ); So far i still prefer my note 4 for over design. the hardware spec, thou it has some improvements (except main camera), it hasn't significantly changed alot.
krishna2016, 07 Aug 2016I am currently using galaxy note 2 and galaxy s6. And now I want to sell s6 and want to buy No... moreYou will wait forever; You will wait forever
Rich, 08 Aug 2016I like s7 edge but I'm a note person (owned Note 3) so inspite of the s7's drool-worthy packag... moreI know what you mean. The silliness of taking out the memory expansion was the failure of the Note.5's and S6's poor sales last year. The microSD slot, camera performance and S Pen vast improvement with 4096 levels of pressure and pin-point precision just convinced me to getting it.
 
 I just don't like the idea of the glass back, and sealed battery. I will not be charging this thing with fast charging or any wireless - it will increase the degradation. Hoping Zerolemon comes out with an integrated powerpack soon.; I know what you mean. The silliness of taking out the memory expansion was the failure of the Note.5's and S6's poor sales last year. The microSD slot, camera performance and S Pen vast improvement with 4096 levels of pressure and pin-point precision just convinced me to getting it.; I just don't like the idea of the glass back, and sealed battery. I will not be charging this thing with fast charging or any wireless - it will increase the degradation. Hoping Zerolemon comes out with an integrated powerpack soon.
skip >>> fail no IR; skip >>> fail no IR
A thousand bucks! No thanks.; A thousand bucks! No thanks.
choa noa, 07 Aug 2016no infrared , no ir blaster ,no fm radio& No replaceable battery. No thank you; & No replaceable battery. No thank you
[deleted post]Over assuming!!!; Over assuming!!!
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 07 Aug 2016Unlimited data. Even faster than my home service. Hotspot for my PC. Torrents. Internet at you... moreUnlimited data? Really? Hmmm...; Unlimited data? Really? Hmmm...
Anonymous, 08 Aug 2016Infrared for what? It is useless.Infared for remote control. st...pid sammy fanboys; Infared for remote control. st...pid sammy fanboys
a.y, 07 Aug 2016Have this smart phone infrared? Infrared for what? It is useless.; Infrared for what? It is useless.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 07 Aug 2016Unlimited data. Even faster than my home service. Hotspot for my PC. Torrents. Internet at you... moreI remember you post that data network is not stable in your region that is why you don't rely on cloud storage and insist that microSD card is better, and here you are saying it is faster than your home service. LIAR!; I remember you post that data network is not stable in your region that is why you don't rely on cloud storage and insist that microSD card is better, and here you are saying it is faster than your home service. LIAR!
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 08 Aug 2016I doubt the V10 can do 8 hours SOT, unless you're using extended battery.Use your car battery to have the most SOT you want.; Use your car battery to have the most SOT you want.
I like s7 edge but I'm a note person (owned Note 3) so inspite of the s7's drool-worthy package, I stayed with my Note 3 and just waited... with the Note 7 coming out, drooling is over. It pays to wait! :-); I like s7 edge but I'm a note person (owned Note 3) so inspite of the s7's drool-worthy package, I stayed with my Note 3 and just waited... with the Note 7 coming out, drooling is over. It pays to wait! :-)
I like s7 edge but I'm a note person (owned Note 3) so inspite of the s7's drool-worthy package, I stayed with my Note 3 and just waited... with the Note 7 coming out, drooling is over. It pays to wait! :-); I like s7 edge but I'm a note person (owned Note 3) so inspite of the s7's drool-worthy package, I stayed with my Note 3 and just waited... with the Note 7 coming out, drooling is over. It pays to wait! :-)
Beauty design but it would be difficult to take photo because the screen is slightly curved on the side.; Beauty design but it would be difficult to take photo because the screen is slightly curved on the side.
[deleted post]Really?; Really?
I really like this phone even if you are not comfortable with it. However, I am poor and I cannot afford it. You are lucky to have it.
 
 Meanwhile I will continue dreaming about having it and keeping my feature phone from tracfone.; I really like this phone even if you are not comfortable with it. However, I am poor and I cannot afford it. You are lucky to have it.; Meanwhile I will continue dreaming about having it and keeping my feature phone from tracfone.
mortuus, 07 Aug 2016or IR blaster.. such big and expensive phone almost 900$ and they cant put in such cheap but v... moreWait for the release of iphone7 with more than a thousands of bucks but still also don't have IR, FM and most probably won't have a simple 3.5 mm jack too! Such innovative and more expesive but can't just add that cheap and usefull features too? wtf!; Wait for the release of iphone7 with more than a thousands of bucks but still also don't have IR, FM and most probably won't have a simple 3.5 mm jack too! Such innovative and more expesive but can't just add that cheap and usefull features too? wtf!
Awesome with design & spec + Perfect with dust proof & water resistant !; Awesome with design & spec + Perfect with dust proof & water resistant !
IncidentFlux, 07 Aug 2016Will to switch to either Samsung or LG, if/when they offer all these. For now, Note 7 is la... moreLol, the V10 had one of the worst battery test results of recent times... plus it has no IP rating.
 
 There isn't anything in your list that i personally would want or use. 
 6mm longer, 6mm wider, 1mm thicker and 23g heavier... thanks but you can keep your brick.; Lol, the V10 had one of the worst battery test results of recent times... plus it has no IP rating.; There isn't anything in your list that i personally would want or use.; 6mm longer, 6mm wider, 1mm thicker and 23g heavier... thanks but you can keep your brick.
choa noa, 07 Aug 2016no infrared , no ir blaster ,no fm radioLOL !!; LOL !!
IncidentFlux, 07 Aug 2016Will to switch to either Samsung or LG, if/when they offer all these. For now, Note 7 is la... moreI doubt the V10 can do 8 hours SOT, unless you're using extended battery.; I doubt the V10 can do 8 hours SOT, unless you're using extended battery.
choa noa, 07 Aug 2016no infrared , no ir blaster ,no fm radioNo cooking,no washing, no flying,no ....no..no.......; No cooking,no washing, no flying,no ....no..no.......
Will to switch to either Samsung or LG, if/when they offer all these.
 
 For now, Note 7 is lacking...
 8 Hours Screen-on-time, 3 days standby
 Shared Dual SIM/Micro-SD slot - WTH
 No Dual front cameras (normal and wide angel) 
 No Dual rear cameras (normal and wide angel)
 No Front Facing speakers
 No Hi-Fi DAC
 No IR Blaster
 No FM Radio
 
 Sincerely, 
 LG V10 Dual SIM User; Will to switch to either Samsung or LG, if/when they offer all these.; For now, Note 7 is lacking...; 8 Hours Screen-on-time, 3 days standby; Shared Dual SIM/Micro-SD slot - WTH; No Dual front cameras (normal and wide angel); No Dual rear cameras (normal and wide angel); No Front Facing speakers; No Hi-Fi DAC; No IR Blaster; No FM Radio; Sincerely,; LG V10 Dual SIM User
no infrared , no ir blaster ,no fm radio; no infrared , no ir blaster ,no fm radio
a.y, 07 Aug 2016Have this smart phone infrared? nop; nop
How Foolish the People are Who say only 4 GB Ram why 6 GB Not ... 4 GB is too much my laptop core i5 3rd Generation is 4GB its run well and Faster .. My Note 4 have 3 GB Ram its running Faster .. Note 7 is More than Note 4 ..; How Foolish the People are Who say only 4 GB Ram why 6 GB Not ... 4 GB is too much my laptop core i5 3rd Generation is 4GB its run well and Faster .. My Note 4 have 3 GB Ram its running Faster .. Note 7 is More than Note 4 ..
i want to tell you about the feedback of handset samsung galaxy note7 is very nice handset,..; i want to tell you about the feedback of handset samsung galaxy note7 is very nice handset,..
Nek, 07 Aug 2016Friends the price is to much high and the specification like a 7 edge , Samsung company do not... moreare u stupid, which ad shows note 7 has 6 GB ram; are u stupid, which ad shows note 7 has 6 GB ram
ljames, 07 Aug 2016what exactly do you use your phone for? i've never had the need for a 10ah battery capacity to... moreUnlimited data. Even faster than my home service. Hotspot for my PC. Torrents. Internet at your fingertips without relying on wifi while out. Internet music. Audiophiles. Audiobooks. TV shows. Movies. Bluetooth connected to two devices at all times. I however don't play games with it. Drawing. Taking notes. Taking pictures of project sites. Recording design ideas.
 
 No worries about power. Usually 40% left after 18 hours, and it's good practice not to deep discharges for better power holds.
 
 Someday they will finally be out with a smartphone you do not charge, but for now, in enjoying something that gives me reliable all day power, without having to plug in during the day. I can never go back to the regular battery as it honestly gives me only 50% of how I really use a smartphone.; Unlimited data. Even faster than my home service. Hotspot for my PC. Torrents. Internet at your fingertips without relying on wifi while out. Internet music. Audiophiles. Audiobooks. TV shows. Movies. Bluetooth connected to two devices at all times. I however don't play games with it. Drawing. Taking notes. Taking pictures of project sites. Recording design ideas.; No worries about power. Usually 40% left after 18 hours, and it's good practice not to deep discharges for better power holds.; Someday they will finally be out with a smartphone you do not charge, but for now, in enjoying something that gives me reliable all day power, without having to plug in during the day. I can never go back to the regular battery as it honestly gives me only 50% of how I really use a smartphone.
Have this smart phone infrared?; Have this smart phone infrared?
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 07 Aug 2016A choice is waiting for Zerolemon to provide an integrated 8500mAh external battery pack, like... morewhat exactly do you use your phone for? i've never had the need for a 10ah battery capacity to last me through a day. :/
 
 zerolemon is indeed a good choice though. just not a fan of it making the phone extra thick and heavy.; what exactly do you use your phone for? i've never had the need for a 10ah battery capacity to last me through a day. :/; zerolemon is indeed a good choice though. just not a fan of it making the phone extra thick and heavy.
Is anyone aware of a downgraded specs? Anyone can diffrienate between the note 5 and note 7 ? Thx; Is anyone aware of a downgraded specs? Anyone can diffrienate between the note 5 and note 7 ? Thx
I am currently using galaxy note 2 and galaxy s6. And now I want to sell s6 and want to buy Note 7. I am waiting for 6GB version. Friends can anyone tell when it release?; I am currently using galaxy note 2 and galaxy s6. And now I want to sell s6 and want to buy Note 7. I am waiting for 6GB version. Friends can anyone tell when it release?
Anonymous, 07 Aug 2016I feel sorry for you, in a week or so, you will have your 4GB RAM 64GB internal storage Note 7... moreYou make a lot of sense... Yes, I'll wait for the Note7 128GB with 6GB RAM instead. Cancelling my order tomorrow. S/; You make a lot of sense... Yes, I'll wait for the Note7 128GB with 6GB RAM instead. Cancelling my order tomorrow. S/
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 07 Aug 2016A choice is waiting for Zerolemon to provide an integrated 8500mAh external battery pack, like... moreWhy make your region as the whole world?
 It is only in your region and stop sour graping here.
 Your region is only a small dot in the entire world.; Why make your region as the whole world?; It is only in your region and stop sour graping here.; Your region is only a small dot in the entire world.
Stella 1, 07 Aug 2016Note 7 does not have an FM radio!? !! Sorrowfully!so dont bother come here and tell us just about the FM....; so dont bother come here and tell us just about the FM....
Is an ugrade from S6 Edge to Note 7 good? Thanks for guiding in advance.; Is an ugrade from S6 Edge to Note 7 good? Thanks for guiding in advance.
Anonymous, 07 Aug 2016For what is IR blaster? It is not essential for a smartphone. Stop messing around with telev... moreIt is a needed feature for most people and any phone should have it let alone flagship be; It is a needed feature for most people and any phone should have it let alone flagship be
Friends the price is to much high and the specification like a 7 edge , Samsung company do not upgraded this 
 in all aids they show the 6 GB of ram and Camera about 32 or some place 20.1 mp 
 But in real it is like a Samsung s7 edge 
 So may be it will be down in market because they have same specification Samsung people do not think positive .
 I know the 6gb ram they will put in Note 7 Edge . But they thinking old .....
 And May be iphone 7 Take all market due to the samsung 4gb in Note 7; Friends the price is to much high and the specification like a 7 edge , Samsung company do not upgraded this; in all aids they show the 6 GB of ram and Camera about 32 or some place 20.1 mp; But in real it is like a Samsung s7 edge; So may be it will be down in market because they have same specification Samsung people do not think positive .; I know the 6gb ram they will put in Note 7 Edge . But they thinking old .....; And May be iphone 7 Take all market due to the samsung 4gb in Note 7
Anonymous, 07 Aug 2016For what is IR blaster? It is not essential for a smartphone. Stop messing around with telev... moreWow it's quite easy for u to say no need of ir.
 Then I m sure one day u will say what's the point of having a s pen, good camera, 5000 mha battery.
 
 Grow up and don't allow company to take your hard earned money for mobile having minor upgrades and removal of important features like mhl, ir, more battery backup etc; Wow it's quite easy for u to say no need of ir.; Then I m sure one day u will say what's the point of having a s pen, good camera, 5000 mha battery.; Grow up and don't allow company to take your hard earned money for mobile having minor upgrades and removal of important features like mhl, ir, more battery backup etc
Anonymous, 07 Aug 2016I feel sorry for you, in a week or so, you will have your 4GB RAM 64GB internal storage Note 7... moreAre you sure, if this is true I will wait for that.; Are you sure, if this is true I will wait for that.
Which date india launched; Which date india launched
SUDHAKAR, 07 Aug 2016Waste. Still Note 4 rocks. Only marginal improvement since Note 4.Note 4 may rock but new Note 7 is MUCH cooler, better and a LOT sexier. Only reason ANYBODY won´t upgrade is if they CAN´T afford too.; Note 4 may rock but new Note 7 is MUCH cooler, better and a LOT sexier. Only reason ANYBODY won´t upgrade is if they CAN´T afford too.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 07 Aug 2016I hope to hear from other digital artists on what they think about the Note7's S Pen. I've tes... moreI feel sorry for you, in a week or so, you will have your 4GB RAM 64GB internal storage Note 7 in all its glory.
 But wait, there's more! A 6GB RAM 128GB internal storage Note 7 is on its way.
 Good thing I didn't hurry to pre order.
 Might as well wait for the latter.; I feel sorry for you, in a week or so, you will have your 4GB RAM 64GB internal storage Note 7 in all its glory.; But wait, there's more! A 6GB RAM 128GB internal storage Note 7 is on its way.; Good thing I didn't hurry to pre order.; Might as well wait for the latter.
I hope to hear from other digital artists on what they think about the Note7's S Pen. I've test drawn with the Note 4, and even the Note.5, but the Note7's 4096 levels of pressure sensitivity and smaller nib size with precise point seems to be way better than previous.; I hope to hear from other digital artists on what they think about the Note7's S Pen. I've test drawn with the Note 4, and even the Note.5, but the Note7's 4096 levels of pressure sensitivity and smaller nib size with precise point seems to be way better than previous.
S7 with a pen; S7 with a pen
Why Li-Po battery?; Why Li-Po battery?
However, the PPi isn't the same as Samsung J76 ..; However, the PPi isn't the same as Samsung J76 ..
mortuus, 07 Aug 2016or IR blaster.. such big and expensive phone almost 900$ and they cant put in such cheap but v... moreFor what is IR blaster?
 It is not essential for a smartphone.
 Stop messing around with televisions in public places!; For what is IR blaster?; It is not essential for a smartphone.; Stop messing around with televisions in public places!
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 07 Aug 2016The most interesting and unique why I get Galaxy Notes is its Wacom active digitizer pen (S Pe... moreLOL! Because you didn't experienced using the Note 5 S-pen.
 Your experience is limited to the vintage plastic phone S-pen that is very basic.
 Such pity...; LOL! Because you didn't experienced using the Note 5 S-pen.; Your experience is limited to the vintage plastic phone S-pen that is very basic.; Such pity...
Just confirmed with samsung today Australia won't be getting coral blue; Just confirmed with samsung today Australia won't be getting coral blue
it's very useful, 
 but-------
 ohhhh, radio is not available, so sad news....! opps !
 but i like it.; it's very useful,; but-------; ohhhh, radio is not available, so sad news....! opps !; but i like it.
The most interesting and unique why I get Galaxy Notes is its Wacom active digitizer pen (S Pen) which is pro-grade for digital visual artists. I know it can't equate to the real Intuous Cintiq. The thing is, I was very impressed at how the Note7's responsive S Pen.
 
 So I went and had another go using it. My very quick sketches:
 http://flic.kr/p/KtEov9 
 http://flic.kr/p/KtEiGG 
 http://flic.kr/p/KN2fHg 
 
 I compared it with my old S Pen by alternate using with the Note7's. Most likely the Note7's is really tuned very well, and very very responsive. What I don't like is the limitation being able to work with at least 5500 pixels for the maximum dimension of the canvass, or at least 400 dpi. I'm thinking a Galaxy as to be my sketch tool on the go, while my drawing tablet at home is suffice for working on more higher pieces like my commissioned art pieces. I was hoping that the 4GB RAM would allow such more pixels for drawing demonstrated here with the Note7. I would have liked it for it to have such power. Current resolution with the Autodesk Sketchbook is 1600 by 2560. PhotoShop Touch is 4096 by 4096.
 
 It can't be compared to the Apple iPad Pro 12.9" with Procreate's maximum 16,384 by 4096 canvass size. That has the same amount of RAM of 4GB.; The most interesting and unique why I get Galaxy Notes is its Wacom active digitizer pen (S Pen) which is pro-grade for digital visual artists. I know it can't equate to the real Intuous Cintiq. The thing is, I was very impressed at how the Note7's responsive S Pen.; So I went and had another go using it. My very quick sketches:; I compared it with my old S Pen by alternate using with the Note7's. Most likely the Note7's is really tuned very well, and very very responsive. What I don't like is the limitation being able to work with at least 5500 pixels for the maximum dimension of the canvass, or at least 400 dpi. I'm thinking a Galaxy as to be my sketch tool on the go, while my drawing tablet at home is suffice for working on more higher pieces like my commissioned art pieces. I was hoping that the 4GB RAM would allow such more pixels for drawing demonstrated here with the Note7. I would have liked it for it to have such power. Current resolution with the Autodesk Sketchbook is 1600 by 2560. PhotoShop Touch is 4096 by 4096.; It can't be compared to the Apple iPad Pro 12.9" with Procreate's maximum 16,384 by 4096 canvass size. That has the same amount of RAM of 4GB.
There is a 6GB/128GB version. Perhaps you should update the specifications.; There is a 6GB/128GB version. Perhaps you should update the specifications.
Stella 1, 07 Aug 2016Note 7 does not have an FM radio!? !! Sorrowfully!or IR blaster.. such big and expensive phone almost 900$ and they cant put in such cheap but very needed functions wtffff :(; or IR blaster.. such big and expensive phone almost 900$ and they cant put in such cheap but very needed functions wtffff :(
Note 7 does not have an FM radio!? !! Sorrowfully!; Note 7 does not have an FM radio!? !! Sorrowfully!
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 07 Aug 2016Yes, because I can use my Galaxy Note as a full tool, not a "show up" thing. You do not eve... moreSadly you refuse to use the VR headset hence you just sit there contented and watching in 2D screen while all the audience in the event including me are using the VR headset enjoying the 360 view.; Sadly you refuse to use the VR headset hence you just sit there contented and watching in 2D screen while all the audience in the event including me are using the VR headset enjoying the 360 view.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 07 Aug 2016Yes, because I can use my Galaxy Note as a full tool, not a "show up" thing. You do not eve... moreI use my 64GB premium Note 5 for viewing VR contents.
 It is a big world out there in the virtual reality dimension.; I use my 64GB premium Note 5 for viewing VR contents.; It is a big world out there in the virtual reality dimension.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 07 Aug 2016Yes, because I can use my Galaxy Note as a full tool, not a "show up" thing. You do not eve... moreSooner you will have two Note phones.
 Such hypocrisy. I remember you post that you don't need two gadgets to bring.
 Note 3 is enough for you, but now you pre order Note 7.
 Don't worry, you can still use the plastic phone as your TV remote control. LOL!; Sooner you will have two Note phones.; Such hypocrisy. I remember you post that you don't need two gadgets to bring.; Note 3 is enough for you, but now you pre order Note 7.; Don't worry, you can still use the plastic phone as your TV remote control. LOL!
best ever note. I can not wait to purchase; best ever note. I can not wait to purchase
We are hyper customers, now what is available, we have to gulp, just finding faults, without undoingthem, is frustrating. Don't buy it. Sammy is not begging you, it has so many nitwits we can say praises,all the day. Who has S7edge no way!; We are hyper customers, now what is available, we have to gulp, just finding faults, without undoingthem, is frustrating. Don't buy it. Sammy is not begging you, it has so many nitwits we can say praises,all the day. Who has S7edge no way!
Anonymous, 07 Aug 2016Would it be nicer to work on an Excel spreadsheet in a PC rather on a 5.7" screen phone? You ... moreYes, because I can use my Galaxy Note as a full tool, not a "show up" thing.
 
 You do not even watch video with your Note - oh, for calls and SMS... thinking very small, right there.; Yes, because I can use my Galaxy Note as a full tool, not a "show up" thing.; You do not even watch video with your Note - oh, for calls and SMS... thinking very small, right there.
ljames, 07 Aug 2016What are your options? Chances are, with your usage, nothing is going to be enough for you wit... moreA choice is waiting for Zerolemon to provide an integrated 8500mAh external battery pack, liked they did for the S7 series. That's like another 3 to 4 months till they make it, and my region gets distribution. Still does not take out the fact that sealed battery is going to degrade.
 
 Or I could stay with my Note 3 that has a 10,000mAh extended battery. :-) I use that thing without worry of running out of power for the day. Unlike some people who are specs junkies, I get a Note to use as a tool, not for show.
 
 Note7's camera and especially S Pen are just drawing me in to get the unit.; A choice is waiting for Zerolemon to provide an integrated 8500mAh external battery pack, liked they did for the S7 series. That's like another 3 to 4 months till they make it, and my region gets distribution. Still does not take out the fact that sealed battery is going to degrade.; Or I could stay with my Note 3 that has a 10,000mAh extended battery. :-) I use that thing without worry of running out of power for the day. Unlike some people who are specs junkies, I get a Note to use as a tool, not for show.; Note7's camera and especially S Pen are just drawing me in to get the unit.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 07 Aug 2016Based on the 3600mAh powered S7 Edge, with which I have averaged over 60 usage cycles on an Ex... moreWould it be nicer to work on an Excel spreadsheet in a PC rather on a 5.7" screen phone?
 You got a small world out there...; Would it be nicer to work on an Excel spreadsheet in a PC rather on a 5.7" screen phone?; You got a small world out there...
design?nahhhh, 04 Aug 2016LOOK the pros and cons. in my country price for s6 is 889 eur ... Official Samsung in my country. S7 Edge atm is 945 eur. So this is probably minimum 1100 eur; in my country price for s6 is 889 eur ... Official Samsung in my country. S7 Edge atm is 945 eur. So this is probably minimum 1100 eur
Anonymous, 07 Aug 2016Yes! I used to be a s7 edge user because I flowed the samsung's marketing and ON PAPER SPECS... moreLol....stop trolling over here...u bloody isheep worship...i am super damn sure u never owned s7 edge...s7 edge is sheer beauty and beast...i m using s7 edge since the day it was launch in my country..
 No lag/glitches,no overheating,battery life is good and hell yeah buttery smooth performance...
 Rear cam is super awesome in both day&night and front cam is pretty decent..
 Mind you not every phone is perfect but indeed S7 edge is beast...
 Note 7 is just another S7 edge with S pen and an Iris scanner...so those yo need S pen and Iris scanner can go for Note 7 or else S7 edge would be the better option without S pen....
 Hope this helps to all people.
 
 ~Peace.; Lol....stop trolling over here...u bloody isheep worship...i am super damn sure u never owned s7 edge...s7 edge is sheer beauty and beast...i m using s7 edge since the day it was launch in my country..; No lag/glitches,no overheating,battery life is good and hell yeah buttery smooth performance...; Rear cam is super awesome in both day&night and front cam is pretty decent..; Mind you not every phone is perfect but indeed S7 edge is beast...; Note 7 is just another S7 edge with S pen and an Iris scanner...so those yo need S pen and Iris scanner can go for Note 7 or else S7 edge would be the better option without S pen....; Hope this helps to all people.; ~Peace.
Very good mobile. But they did not pains to greatly improve the camera Note 4 Note edge, Note 5, and S6, and nothing pains to improve S7, at least could have put a 8-megapixel on the front, or add flash to the front, and also could have put the ratio option 16/9 to both, especially more in the main, because although I improve on photos to low light, during the day not only have a lower resolution regarding the Note 4 and 5, which were 16 mpx mpx front of s 12 Note 7 but also do not have photographs proportion 16/9 at full resolution. On the other hand they did not improve too much battery, which is 3.5A, against 3,22A of the Note 4 which was separate removable, since they could have put one of 4A as in the S7 Active. It also has a microphone less, compared to the Note 4. could have put stereo audio. also they did not put infrared port and the rest Note 4. I improve. He will miss testing the resistance to scratches and scratches gorilla 5, since the gorilla 4 was less resistant to scratches than the gorilla 3 Note Edge, which turned out to be better against scratches and scratches the Note 4, 5, and S6; Very good mobile. But they did not pains to greatly improve the camera Note 4 Note edge, Note 5, and S6, and nothing pains to improve S7, at least could have put a 8-megapixel on the front, or add flash to the front, and also could have put the ratio option 16/9 to both, especially more in the main, because although I improve on photos to low light, during the day not only have a lower resolution regarding the Note 4 and 5, which were 16 mpx mpx front of s 12 Note 7 but also do not have photographs proportion 16/9 at full resolution. On the other hand they did not improve too much battery, which is 3.5A, against 3,22A of the Note 4 which was separate removable, since they could have put one of 4A as in the S7 Active. It also has a microphone less, compared to the Note 4. could have put stereo audio. also they did not put infrared port and the rest Note 4. I improve. He will miss testing the resistance to scratches and scratches gorilla 5, since the gorilla 4 was less resistant to scratches than the gorilla 3 Note Edge, which turned out to be better against scratches and scratches the Note 4, 5, and S6
Where is note 6?; Where is note 6?
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 07 Aug 2016Based on the 3600mAh powered S7 Edge, with which I have averaged over 60 usage cycles on an Ex... moreWhat are your options? Chances are, with your usage, nothing is going to be enough for you without sacrificing some degree of performance.; What are your options? Chances are, with your usage, nothing is going to be enough for you without sacrificing some degree of performance.
Anonymous, 07 Aug 2016Yes! I used to be a s7 edge user because I flowed the samsung's marketing and ON PAPER SPECS... moreSucks for you.; Sucks for you.
Anonymous, 06 Aug 2016Just go and buy a xperia x or x performance and don ' t look at back to samsung or lg. After g... moreYes!
 I used to be a s7 edge user because I flowed the samsung's marketing and ON PAPER SPECS....
 BUT in daily use and long term... Curved screen distrub watching VIDEO and playing GAMES by making Curved image.. Curved people... Curved photo at "the Corner edge" of s7 edge..
 My pulm has always touched to Curved panel and always smuggled in curvy area and Lots of reflections in curvy area arise disappointings......
 Battery life' of s7 edge is poor inreality using UNLIKE some on-paper reviews and HEAT issue occur frequently...
 I was always frightened the fragile of "glass body" of s7 edge and it is my "Daily Trouble"
 Lacking Adaptive android features make me anxious as s7 edge is a big price phone and I had to use my money a lot
 ONE month Later I feel this Curved screen is "cheaper-look" and I feel it is like a blocky thick squared bottle
 Like S7 edge... Note 7 is also A same similar boring phone I can surely say
 Then Three months Later I "sold" s7 edge and my old iphone 6plus and Xperia C5 Ultra are always faithful and Now I am happy with them; Yes!; I used to be a s7 edge user because I flowed the samsung's marketing and ON PAPER SPECS....; BUT in daily use and long term... Curved screen distrub watching VIDEO and playing GAMES by making Curved image.. Curved people... Curved photo at "the Corner edge" of s7 edge..; My pulm has always touched to Curved panel and always smuggled in curvy area and Lots of reflections in curvy area arise disappointings......; Battery life' of s7 edge is poor inreality using UNLIKE some on-paper reviews and HEAT issue occur frequently...; I was always frightened the fragile of "glass body" of s7 edge and it is my "Daily Trouble"; Lacking Adaptive android features make me anxious as s7 edge is a big price phone and I had to use my money a lot; ONE month Later I feel this Curved screen is "cheaper-look" and I feel it is like a blocky thick squared bottle; Like S7 edge... Note 7 is also A same similar boring phone I can surely say; Then Three months Later I "sold" s7 edge and my old iphone 6plus and Xperia C5 Ultra are always faithful and Now I am happy with them
Waste. Still Note 4 rocks. Only marginal improvement since Note 4.; Waste. Still Note 4 rocks. Only marginal improvement since Note 4.
B3L1NSKY, 06 Aug 2016Fucking exynos. If only it ran on a snapdragon chip, I would be all over that thing. Look at this http://beebom.com/snapdragon-820-vs-exynos-8890/­­; Look at this; ­
it would be great if hearing aid compatability (HAC) rating (immunity) added here for information; it would be great if hearing aid compatability (HAC) rating (immunity) added here for information
Based on the 3600mAh powered S7 Edge, with which I have averaged over 60 usage cycles on an Excel spreadsheet - I'll only get 12.5 hours stretch, with 4.5 hours of SOT. 
 
 4.5 hours SOT seems to be the average maximum I could achieve. If really have to carry around a charger. I'd need 50% more power for my way of using a smartphone. 3500mAh is not enough.
 
 No matter how battery optimized the new devices are, the fact remains that they'd have the SAME amount of energy needed for active connection to LTE for your data access.; Based on the 3600mAh powered S7 Edge, with which I have averaged over 60 usage cycles on an Excel spreadsheet - I'll only get 12.5 hours stretch, with 4.5 hours of SOT.; 4.5 hours SOT seems to be the average maximum I could achieve. If really have to carry around a charger. I'd need 50% more power for my way of using a smartphone. 3500mAh is not enough.; No matter how battery optimized the new devices are, the fact remains that they'd have the SAME amount of energy needed for active connection to LTE for your data access.
Tcool, 06 Aug 2016No problem, I only use headset for less than that time. I don't want to damage my ear drum. ... more"Ear drum"... because you have one ear.; "Ear drum"... because you have one ear.
whitedragon, 07 Aug 2016Legitimate question based on typical industry sales... All dual sim phones I have purchase... moreOh no,.. just a quick post for a small webpage/thread functions check...
 I couldn't edit last post after sending, which is common practice for me to remove any errors when using 'software keyboard'...
 
 Okay, I could edit this one. In that case, I somehow fell through a hole in the time/space continuum and magically, upon sending, somehow had 'expired time' for editing post.; Oh no,.. just a quick post for a small webpage/thread functions check...; I couldn't edit last post after sending, which is common practice for me to remove any errors when using 'software keyboard'...; Okay, I could edit this one. In that case, I somehow fell through a hole in the time/space continuum and magically, upon sending, somehow had 'expired time' for editing post.
Anonymous, 06 Aug 2016Just go and buy a xperia x or x performance and don ' t look at back to samsung or lg. After g... moreLOL; LOL
Anonymous, 06 Aug 2016Amazing knowledge from samsung userLegitimate question based on typical industry sales... 
 
 All dual sim phones I have purchased have had limited 'line 2' radio access. Not a bad thing necessarily; SAR goes down, battery life goes up, and for many users, giving them faster throughput wouldn't offer any practical benefit eg line 2 is generally for voice/calls.
 
 If line 2 offered more, it might affect performance on the primary sim, and most users not understanding their phone tech, would probably not be configured properly to reduce isses just mentioned.
 
 If a phone with dual sim slots had a small wizard to help users configure the phone properly that fired up on first power on, it might be annoying or confusing for some, soma checkbox for 'please do not display again might be practical.
 I think device manufacturers understand that some users might be timid to use their modern smart phones, and whilst dual sim card users are likely more often than not the exception to this rule, a pop up wizard asking technical questions might be intimidating....
 
 
 
 
 This is an opionions threads, everyone has one, yes.
 Lets add to a topic in meaningful ways or consider 'holding our breath', yes?; Legitimate question based on typical industry sales...; All dual sim phones I have purchased have had limited 'line 2' radio access. Not a bad thing necessarily; SAR goes down, battery life goes up, and for many users, giving them faster throughput wouldn't offer any practical benefit eg line 2 is generally for voice/calls.; If line 2 offered more, it might affect performance on the primary sim, and most users not understanding their phone tech, would probably not be configured properly to reduce isses just mentioned.; If a phone with dual sim slots had a small wizard to help users configure the phone properly that fired up on first power on, it might be annoying or confusing for some, soma checkbox for 'please do not display again might be practical.; I think device manufacturers understand that some users might be timid to use their modern smart phones, and whilst dual sim card users are likely more often than not the exception to this rule, a pop up wizard asking technical questions might be intimidating....; This is an opionions threads, everyone has one, yes.; Lets add to a topic in meaningful ways or consider 'holding our breath', yes?
Andy, 06 Aug 2016Does anyone know if sim 1 will be 4g or 3g with sim 2 only being 2gAmazing knowledge from samsung user; Amazing knowledge from samsung user
Just go and buy a xperia x or x performance and don ' t look at back to samsung or lg. After g3 and note5 i now know what is the real smartphone with xperia. I m not a fan or troll but this a thing that i think it is fact.; Just go and buy a xperia x or x performance and don ' t look at back to samsung or lg. After g3 and note5 i now know what is the real smartphone with xperia. I m not a fan or troll but this a thing that i think it is fact.
Bewitching very
 Every piece in which a jewel
 &#9829;&#9829;; Bewitching very; Every piece in which a jewel; &#9829;&#9829;
Mobile companies will proper,till there are nitwits present as customers. No need to upgrade within a year, when u already have S7 Edge Platt, or who doesn't can get it now 700 $. In warranty! If you steel, it's obvious, how many under 1% buy N7. Technology is ditto same. Rest be one off them.; Mobile companies will proper,till there are nitwits present as customers. No need to upgrade within a year, when u already have S7 Edge Platt, or who doesn't can get it now 700 $. In warranty! If you steel, it's obvious, how many under 1% buy N7. Technology is ditto same. Rest be one off them.
Samsung Fix some problems from the last note Made
 1-Non Removable Battery " Mean Low Durability change the Battery Need to Open the Mobile "
 2-No SD Card
 Just Back to Add an SD Card
 But you still can't change the battery or swap with other without break the phone; Samsung Fix some problems from the last note Made; 1-Non Removable Battery " Mean Low Durability change the Battery Need to Open the Mobile "; 2-No SD Card; Just Back to Add an SD Card; But you still can't change the battery or swap with other without break the phone
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 05 Aug 2016I just pre-ordered it, and it's two weeks before stocks are available. The S Pen has greatly i... moreGreat! Welcome to the world of "fragile" glass phones with non removable battery.
 Don't worry you can still use your plastic phone as a remote control of your TV set, media files and documents storage, and with its 10000mAh battery, as a power bank.; Great! Welcome to the world of "fragile" glass phones with non removable battery.; Don't worry you can still use your plastic phone as a remote control of your TV set, media files and documents storage, and with its 10000mAh battery, as a power bank.
The global Note7 uses USB 2.0, not 3.1.; The global Note7 uses USB 2.0, not 3.1.
as pretty as s7 edge is :) 
 but what a holy shit the price is i don't know :/; as pretty as s7 edge is :); but what a holy shit the price is i don't know :/
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 06 Aug 2016Whatever you say... IconX -such an awesome wireless ear buds that can play 1.5 hours of stream... moreYou are right Gear IconX bluetooth headset is really awesome.
 I can't hardly wait to have it bundled with Note 7.; You are right Gear IconX bluetooth headset is really awesome.; I can't hardly wait to have it bundled with Note 7.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 06 Aug 2016Whatever you say... IconX -such an awesome wireless ear buds that can play 1.5 hours of stream... moreNo problem, I only use headset for less than that time.
 I don't want to damage my ear drum.
 Anyway it will automatically charge when put inside its case.; No problem, I only use headset for less than that time.; I don't want to damage my ear drum.; Anyway it will automatically charge when put inside its case.
Just Me, 06 Aug 2016- 24-bit/192kHz audio - Does that mean the phone is unable to reproduce a 320kHz audiofile?their is no such audio, there is only 320Kb/s bitrate; their is no such audio, there is only 320Kb/s bitrate
It is a decent phone. Great design,great features and great display.But it's out of my budget. Overall s7 edge is perfect.; It is a decent phone. Great design,great features and great display.But it's out of my budget. Overall s7 edge is perfect.
B3L1NSKY, 06 Aug 2016Fucking exynos. If only it ran on a snapdragon chip, I would be all over that thing. Actually the Exynos is a far more superior chip than SD820. I'm glad the Exynos is launched globally.; Actually the Exynos is a far more superior chip than SD820. I'm glad the Exynos is launched globally.
happy patel, 06 Aug 2016i want to buy 6gb ram note 7 so pls try to makeit .I really hope Samsung don't do this for another couple of generations of phone.
 Two things happen if they don't..
 1)people start to realise that the extra ram won't make the phone one iota faster
 2)Notes being for productivity users (as recent blog/article on GSMARENA had statistics for), shows that POWER USERS do not even need it.
 
 Ultimately has less chips produced that needlessly waste precious rare metals etc.
 All the older fab production processes that have used up incredible Earth resources in very wasteful ways,.. if we play a 'bragging rights game',.. eg my car has twenty one tyres on it,.. just makes seventeen extra tires in landfill. Wouldn't that be better used building 'more cars'.
 
 Food for thought.
 
 Anyone listed a program yet, for real world users, that needs five gigabytes of RAM?
 Or should we just give Apple users reasons to laugh at inefficient Android platform (it doesn't have to go this way)!
 ;-); I really hope Samsung don't do this for another couple of generations of phone.; Two things happen if they don't..; 1)people start to realise that the extra ram won't make the phone one iota faster; 2)Notes being for productivity users (as recent blog/article on GSMARENA had statistics for), shows that POWER USERS do not even need it.; Ultimately has less chips produced that needlessly waste precious rare metals etc.; All the older fab production processes that have used up incredible Earth resources in very wasteful ways,.. if we play a 'bragging rights game',.. eg my car has twenty one tyres on it,.. just makes seventeen extra tires in landfill. Wouldn't that be better used building 'more cars'.; Food for thought.; Anyone listed a program yet, for real world users, that needs five gigabytes of RAM?; Or should we just give Apple users reasons to laugh at inefficient Android platform (it doesn't have to go this way)!; ;-)
B3L1NSKY, 06 Aug 2016Fucking exynos. If only it ran on a snapdragon chip, I would be all over that thing. lol what? people who have snapdragon variants are craving for the exynos yet you want the snapdragon?
 
 the exynos beats the snapdragon with longer lasting battery. look it up.; lol what? people who have snapdragon variants are craving for the exynos yet you want the snapdragon?; the exynos beats the snapdragon with longer lasting battery. look it up.
Tcool, 06 Aug 2016Nah, I will not pre order now, already have the Gear VR headset. I will wait until August 19 ... moreWhatever you say... IconX -such an awesome wireless ear buds that can play 1.5 hours of streaming audio from your phone per full charge! S/; Whatever you say... IconX -such an awesome wireless ear buds that can play 1.5 hours of streaming audio from your phone per full charge! S/
Might be better than S7 edge when it comes to comfortable to hold in your hand and texting. But basically note 7 it's an S7 edge with Spen.; Might be better than S7 edge when it comes to comfortable to hold in your hand and texting. But basically note 7 it's an S7 edge with Spen.
it is just awesome ,,,i will buy it,,,seriously; it is just awesome ,,,i will buy it,,,seriously
B3L1NSKY, 06 Aug 2016Fucking exynos. If only it ran on a snapdragon chip, I would be all over that thing. Enjoy the generally better DAC, potentially better battery life, much better chance for Samsung software optimisation, and if the past is anything to go by, better chance at a Sony camera sensor (rather than Sammy ISOCELL)(though I believe camera sensor is likely going to be same for all)
 
 What you give up?
 Slightly higher framerate potential ~10% speed; which, lets face it is probably more than most people are likely to use...
 Unless, and I have assumed, you are buying this for VR?; Enjoy the generally better DAC, potentially better battery life, much better chance for Samsung software optimisation, and if the past is anything to go by, better chance at a Sony camera sensor (rather than Sammy ISOCELL)(though I believe camera sensor is likely going to be same for all); What you give up?; Slightly higher framerate potential ~10% speed; which, lets face it is probably more than most people are likely to use...; Unless, and I have assumed, you are buying this for VR?
I will wait for the 6GB RAM / 128GB ROM. Hope the rumors will be real..; I will wait for the 6GB RAM / 128GB ROM. Hope the rumors will be real..
Fucking exynos. If only it ran on a snapdragon chip, I would be all over that thing.; Fucking exynos. If only it ran on a snapdragon chip, I would be all over that thing.
- 24-bit/192kHz audio - 
 Does that mean the phone is unable to reproduce a 320kHz audiofile?; - 24-bit/192kHz audio -; Does that mean the phone is unable to reproduce a 320kHz audiofile?
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 05 Aug 2016The Black Onyx color version is so elegant. The metal trims, or frame is colored black-like se... moreNah, I will not pre order now, already have the Gear VR headset.
 I will wait until August 19 perhaps it will be bundled with Gear IconX.
 It will be a perfect match.; Nah, I will not pre order now, already have the Gear VR headset.; I will wait until August 19 perhaps it will be bundled with Gear IconX.; It will be a perfect match.
mighty Note; mighty Note
Already pre-ordered. Can't friggin wait for it!; Already pre-ordered. Can't friggin wait for it!
Hello! SAMSUNG,
 I'am Prabhath Niroshan. (my english knowledge 15% sorry & my mobile phone knowledge 85% good.) Your next smart phone for
 1) The full body aluminium build.
 2) Headphone juck remove.
 3) Color, Design, System [ex:- settings/forder/apps] give select to people. ( MY SUGGESTION APPS ) 
 
 4) Live icon. ( MY SUGGESTION APPS )
 5) Deleted bucket. ( MY SUGGESTION APPS )
 6) Deleted recover. ( MY SUGGESTION APPS )
 
 Plz.... MY SUGGESTIONS APPS make.....
 Goodluck!
 SAMSUNG.; Hello! SAMSUNG,; I'am Prabhath Niroshan. (my english knowledge 15% sorry & my mobile phone knowledge 85% good.) Your next smart phone for; 1) The full body aluminium build.; 2) Headphone juck remove.; 3) Color, Design, System [ex:- settings/forder/apps] give select to people. ( MY SUGGESTION APPS ); 4) Live icon. ( MY SUGGESTION APPS ); 5) Deleted bucket. ( MY SUGGESTION APPS ); 6) Deleted recover. ( MY SUGGESTION APPS ); Plz.... MY SUGGESTIONS APPS make.....; Goodluck!; SAMSUNG.
f.7 and 12 mp has bigger pixel YES:)
 bigger pixel has an advantage for collecting light
 BUT bigger pixel make less clearity..less contrast.. less zoom and blurry photos in shake objects...
 For eg HTC's unsuccessful Ultra Pixel techs that has the biggest pixel size is not popular
 S HTC drop this fail-to-success big pixel tech and then Raise the mp n HTC smartphones; f.7 and 12 mp has bigger pixel YES:); bigger pixel has an advantage for collecting light; BUT bigger pixel make less clearity..less contrast.. less zoom and blurry photos in shake objects...; For eg HTC's unsuccessful Ultra Pixel techs that has the biggest pixel size is not popular; S HTC drop this fail-to-success big pixel tech and then Raise the mp n HTC smartphones
Best Smartphone Ever; Best Smartphone Ever
Amazing phone, the presentation was also amazing!; Amazing phone, the presentation was also amazing!
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 06 Aug 2016Yes, the removable battery and IR remote functions are very useful. Just that I can't find a n... moreDon't worry, Infrared is back. But not to control appliances in public places as you did, but to scan your iris which is more useful than merely controlling appliances.
 Samsung message is clear, to stop messing around with appliances in public places.; Don't worry, Infrared is back. But not to control appliances in public places as you did, but to scan your iris which is more useful than merely controlling appliances.; Samsung message is clear, to stop messing around with appliances in public places.
Michael, 06 Aug 2016your comment is the dumbest ever. you sir definitely know nothing about cameras and lenses. fa... moreYou say f1.7 over and over again:)
 Learn more about ISO and 
 Have you ever snap a LOW LIGHT photo with wellbalance ISO......?
 Consenuently;due to f1.7 samsung dig a big hole for poor 12 mp camera and a light drop can broke your camera lens and make UGLY vision to the back of note7
 XA Ultra's 16 mp camera is obviously better than note 7 main camera; You say f1.7 over and over again:); Learn more about ISO and; Have you ever snap a LOW LIGHT photo with wellbalance ISO......?; Consenuently;due to f1.7 samsung dig a big hole for poor 12 mp camera and a light drop can broke your camera lens and make UGLY vision to the back of note7; XA Ultra's 16 mp camera is obviously better than note 7 main camera
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 06 Aug 2016LOL, Samsung is making microSD slot a big deal by bundling free 256GB capacity ones with some ... moreMe too I am happy they bring back the 64GB internal storage like the premium 64GB Note 5.
 They also bring back the premium glass back, the non-removable battery, the Samsung Pay, the Gear VR support, just like when they bring back the microSD card support.; Me too I am happy they bring back the 64GB internal storage like the premium 64GB Note 5.; They also bring back the premium glass back, the non-removable battery, the Samsung Pay, the Gear VR support, just like when they bring back the microSD card support.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 06 Aug 2016Yes, the removable battery and IR remote functions are very useful. Just that I can't find a n... moreThe principle of the microSD card return applies.
 Removable battery and IR are not important since they did not make a come back.
 Stick to the principle.; The principle of the microSD card return applies.; Removable battery and IR are not important since they did not make a come back.; Stick to the principle.
The Note7 isn't a direct upgrade for S7 series 
 In fact it's supposed to be on par with its S series 
 
 You can't expect a smartphone to have drastic improvements 
 Same goes for other companies 
 
 And stop f King whine about the 6GB ram. If you really need that much RAM and specs driven you're better off getting a laptop or computer. 
 
 What matters most is the Note7, can handle multitasking and have better RAM management, which was an issue in the S6 series. 
 
 As for camera it's not the megapixels, it's the sensor and aperture.
 
 To sum up, quit whining about 12MP camera and 6 or 8 GB RAM 
 Note7 will still sell simply put.; The Note7 isn't a direct upgrade for S7 series; In fact it's supposed to be on par with its S series; You can't expect a smartphone to have drastic improvements; Same goes for other companies; And stop f King whine about the 6GB ram. If you really need that much RAM and specs driven you're better off getting a laptop or computer.; What matters most is the Note7, can handle multitasking and have better RAM management, which was an issue in the S6 series.; As for camera it's not the megapixels, it's the sensor and aperture.; To sum up, quit whining about 12MP camera and 6 or 8 GB RAM; Note7 will still sell simply put.
Anonymous, 06 Aug 2016No matter what you say raising mp is better in clearity in zooming and digital printing and cr... moreyour comment is the dumbest ever. you sir definitely know nothing about cameras and lenses. fast lenses uses lower f stops thus the f1.7 camera of the galaxy s7 and note 7 is better than a 21mp f2.0 camera in low light. and trus me there are a lot of instances that you will take pictures in low light and no, adding flash in a photo does not compensate to this. The notes pixels are also bigger thus helping A LOT in photo quality. yes higher megapixels will result to sharper photos when zoomed in but tell me how often do you look at your photos in 50" screen or print your photos to very large sizes? I'll rather get the low light prowess of a lower megapixel camera with an f1.7 apperture than a high megapixel camera that sucks at low light; your comment is the dumbest ever. you sir definitely know nothing about cameras and lenses. fast lenses uses lower f stops thus the f1.7 camera of the galaxy s7 and note 7 is better than a 21mp f2.0 camera in low light. and trus me there are a lot of instances that you will take pictures in low light and no, adding flash in a photo does not compensate to this. The notes pixels are also bigger thus helping A LOT in photo quality. yes higher megapixels will result to sharper photos when zoomed in but tell me how often do you look at your photos in 50" screen or print your photos to very large sizes? I'll rather get the low light prowess of a lower megapixel camera with an f1.7 apperture than a high megapixel camera that sucks at low light
Bob, 06 Aug 2016The 12 MP camera from the note 7 is better then the 16 MP one, because the 12 MP camera uses a... moreNo matter what you say raising mp is better in clearity in zooming and digital printing and cropping etc....
 Samsung lacks camera techs
 Even Chinese phones have at least 13 mp cameras with big lens and sensors in 2016
 Reducing mp is only for fast launching and snpping and samsung brainlessly dig a BIG hole in the back of note7
 Fast snap shot doest not mean the photo quality
 SONY make a fast camera with marketleading mega pixel and Even cancapture moving object with stunning photo quality
 For eg XPERIA XA ULTRA: Lord of the Selfie as the frontal camera of XA Ultra 16 mp camera is better than 
 S7 edge main camera and will be better than note7 main 12 mp camera and better than any galaxy selfie camera
 Read it GSM arena review XA Ultra Lord of the selfie; No matter what you say raising mp is better in clearity in zooming and digital printing and cropping etc....; Samsung lacks camera techs; Even Chinese phones have at least 13 mp cameras with big lens and sensors in 2016; Reducing mp is only for fast launching and snpping and samsung brainlessly dig a BIG hole in the back of note7; Fast snap shot doest not mean the photo quality; SONY make a fast camera with marketleading mega pixel and Even cancapture moving object with stunning photo quality; For eg XPERIA XA ULTRA: Lord of the Selfie as the frontal camera of XA Ultra 16 mp camera is better than; S7 edge main camera and will be better than note7 main 12 mp camera and better than any galaxy selfie camera; Read it GSM arena review XA Ultra Lord of the selfie
Very Nice phone but price is so high....; Very Nice phone but price is so high....
Farai, 05 Aug 2016Why 12 MP camera down from 16 MP?it has f1.7 cam. camera is not about mp. did know that?; it has f1.7 cam. camera is not about mp. did know that?
i want to buy 6gb ram note 7 so pls try to makeit .; i want to buy 6gb ram note 7 so pls try to makeit .
The 12 MP camera from the note 7 is better then the 16 MP one, because the 12 MP camera uses a technique in which there are bigger pixels and with the help of this you can make excellent photos in darker environments without needing a flash light. The S7 and S7 edge use the same camera and their pictures are great. To get more realistic colors take a dive in the settings to display there is an option with the word basis inthere set your phone at basis and you get the colors they are instead of a little over saturation. Good luck with a device like that you wont be disappointed.; The 12 MP camera from the note 7 is better then the 16 MP one, because the 12 MP camera uses a technique in which there are bigger pixels and with the help of this you can make excellent photos in darker environments without needing a flash light. The S7 and S7 edge use the same camera and their pictures are great. To get more realistic colors take a dive in the settings to display there is an option with the word basis inthere set your phone at basis and you get the colors they are instead of a little over saturation. Good luck with a device like that you wont be disappointed.
The 12mp is not worse just becsuse its less pixels doesn't mean anything. The note 7 pixels are double the size for better low light pics.; The 12mp is not worse just becsuse its less pixels doesn't mean anything. The note 7 pixels are double the size for better low light pics.
while the galaxy note 4 came with a 16 mp. my galaxy note 2 has 8mp from 2012. the rumor was 18 mp. why the h2hockey stick did they do a dumb/stupid move like that and trying to beat apple sales. morons!!! and i am a bigger one for going out and buy this piece of crap because i have waited so long for it. they got us by the short hairs. rass claut!!! mon...; while the galaxy note 4 came with a 16 mp. my galaxy note 2 has 8mp from 2012. the rumor was 18 mp. why the h2hockey stick did they do a dumb/stupid move like that and trying to beat apple sales. morons!!! and i am a bigger one for going out and buy this piece of crap because i have waited so long for it. they got us by the short hairs. rass claut!!! mon...
Does anyone know if sim 1 will be 4g or 3g with sim 2 only being 2g; Does anyone know if sim 1 will be 4g or 3g with sim 2 only being 2g
Levit, 05 Aug 2016mate 8 and soon best in the world..mate 9 !Does Mate 8 lag(in gaming)?
 If not,since when have you bought mate 8?; Does Mate 8 lag(in gaming)?; If not,since when have you bought mate 8?
Pusht, 05 Aug 2016Guys, No clear edge over 7 Edge, just a short pen, basic no use, on software we can also writ... moreIts beacuse the note is not supposed to be an upgrade over the s lineup. Samsung delivers its phone to 2 types of people. One who like to stay on the latest of everything and dont care about minor flaws. The s line is for them. The other who like to wait for the refined version of the flagship introduced early with minor improvements. The note line is for them. Dont expect the note to be a good upgrade over the same s line (note 7 vs s7). Its a good upgrade over the last note device.; Its beacuse the note is not supposed to be an upgrade over the s lineup. Samsung delivers its phone to 2 types of people. One who like to stay on the latest of everything and dont care about minor flaws. The s line is for them. The other who like to wait for the refined version of the flagship introduced early with minor improvements. The note line is for them. Dont expect the note to be a good upgrade over the same s line (note 7 vs s7). Its a good upgrade over the last note device.
Herb Buetow, 06 Aug 2016The Note 7 looks great. The curved edge is beautiful. I have the note 4 which has an IR blaste... moreI have a note edge. Is the Android 6 update available for it?; I have a note edge. Is the Android 6 update available for it?
Corning Gorilla Glass 5 back panel....does that mean the front isnt?; Corning Gorilla Glass 5 back panel....does that mean the front isnt?
Mythsmart, 05 Aug 2016I am using Note 4, absolutely loved it, specially the camera 16 MP. It is very disappointing t... moreI have the Note 4.
 I would take a quality 12Mp shooter anyday.
 Combined with a faster lens.
 Know your tech and comments like your become laughable (to photography enthusiasts)
 
 Sensor size (not megapixels) and lens quality+paired with software that doesn't kill the details; for the win.
 
 A more sensitive sensor captures more light... capturing more light means the 'shutter' can be open less time to get the same exposure, means more 'sharp' shots and better low light capabilities.; I have the Note 4.; I would take a quality 12Mp shooter anyday.; Combined with a faster lens.; Know your tech and comments like your become laughable (to photography enthusiasts); Sensor size (not megapixels) and lens quality+paired with software that doesn't kill the details; for the win.; A more sensitive sensor captures more light... capturing more light means the 'shutter' can be open less time to get the same exposure, means more 'sharp' shots and better low light capabilities.
gorgeous phone,,,,bur prise is huge,,,,,,,,,lol; gorgeous phone,,,,bur prise is huge,,,,,,,,,lol
Mythsmart, 05 Aug 2016I am using Note 4, absolutely loved it, specially the camera 16 MP. It is very disappointing t... morelol the note 4 16mp camera doesn't count. Its about the aperture. the size of the lens opening. note 4 has 2.2 lens while note 7 has 1.7 lens. the smaller the size the stronger focus and better quality.; lol the note 4 16mp camera doesn't count. Its about the aperture. the size of the lens opening. note 4 has 2.2 lens while note 7 has 1.7 lens. the smaller the size the stronger focus and better quality.
LOL, Samsung is making microSD slot a big deal by bundling free 256GB capacity ones with some regions. So opposite than last year's failed experiment with measly internal memory, and most countries getting just 32GB internal. This is a full 180 degree turn after realizing sales were down due to the fact of missing memory expansion.
 
 What's even more apparent was the fact they wanted to promote making and viewing VR, yet just provide no high-capacity memory? D*ck move, right there as 1 hour of VR video can take as much as more than 20GB of memory. Plus the fact that the new function of still pictures having a 3-second video clip prior to the still shot can be as much as 7MB in memory size.
 
 I am so happy that 64GB is the base model, and I'm not lusting for the rumored 128GB model. With a 256GB of microSD is tremendous amount of space (as I was pointing out to somebody it will be out this year). Our phones now are virtually our portable large-capacity memory storage. Just turn on the encryption for added protection to your files.; LOL, Samsung is making microSD slot a big deal by bundling free 256GB capacity ones with some regions. So opposite than last year's failed experiment with measly internal memory, and most countries getting just 32GB internal. This is a full 180 degree turn after realizing sales were down due to the fact of missing memory expansion.; What's even more apparent was the fact they wanted to promote making and viewing VR, yet just provide no high-capacity memory? D*ck move, right there as 1 hour of VR video can take as much as more than 20GB of memory. Plus the fact that the new function of still pictures having a 3-second video clip prior to the still shot can be as much as 7MB in memory size.; I am so happy that 64GB is the base model, and I'm not lusting for the rumored 128GB model. With a 256GB of microSD is tremendous amount of space (as I was pointing out to somebody it will be out this year). Our phones now are virtually our portable large-capacity memory storage. Just turn on the encryption for added protection to your files.
The Note 7 is a crappier version of the S7 Edge with a stylus..; The Note 7 is a crappier version of the S7 Edge with a stylus..
Pixels aren't so much important lmao; Pixels aren't so much important lmao
Anonymous, 06 Aug 2016Unfortunately;note7 has a cheaper-look curved screen LIKE s7 edge....... Curved screen is g... moreAlthough Samsung has made the turning radius of the curved glass shorter, thereby reducing the glossy edge areas. They explained that during their unpacked event. However, video viewing with even the more curved edges of the S7 Edge is NOT at all bothersome.
 
 I still would have preferred the flat version for less breakage incident.; Although Samsung has made the turning radius of the curved glass shorter, thereby reducing the glossy edge areas. They explained that during their unpacked event. However, video viewing with even the more curved edges of the S7 Edge is NOT at all bothersome.; I still would have preferred the flat version for less breakage incident.
Mythsmart, 05 Aug 2016I am using Note 4, absolutely loved it, specially the camera 16 MP. It is very disappointing t... moreOMG... own it first then comment. I own s7 edge and the camera is splendid. Looking forward to own Note 7; OMG... own it first then comment. I own s7 edge and the camera is splendid. Looking forward to own Note 7
Unfortunately;note7 has a 
 cheaper-look curved screen LIKE s7 edge.......
 Curved screen is good??
 No No No totally:)
 WHY?/
 It is JUST for saying "my fone has curving display"
 Of course: i is like the surface of red label bottle AND there has a terrible screen waste
 Despite samsung says 5.7" display; we can get hardly 5.3" display die to the cheaper-look curvature of the screen
 There has been lots of reflections and unservceable pulm touches f your hands
 Occasionally we always have a daily bad dream for screen fragile even a light drop due to over-stretched curvy display
 Moreover Watching Video can get a tiny area for eyes as the edge corner is curved and we have to view UNPLEASANT " curve photo and curved people and etc... in video
 IN the same way Unpleasant Text reading and browsing
 In daily use it arise disapppointments and it sways our Eyes slendar
 So So Curved screen is nothing special..; Unfortunately;note7 has a; cheaper-look curved screen LIKE s7 edge.......; Curved screen is good??; No No No totally:); WHY?/; It is JUST for saying "my fone has curving display"; Of course: i is like the surface of red label bottle AND there has a terrible screen waste; Despite samsung says 5.7" display; we can get hardly 5.3" display die to the cheaper-look curvature of the screen; There has been lots of reflections and unservceable pulm touches f your hands; Occasionally we always have a daily bad dream for screen fragile even a light drop due to over-stretched curvy display; Moreover Watching Video can get a tiny area for eyes as the edge corner is curved and we have to view UNPLEASANT " curve photo and curved people and etc... in video; IN the same way Unpleasant Text reading and browsing; In daily use it arise disapppointments and it sways our Eyes slendar; So So Curved screen is nothing special..
Shame on you samsung why every time take something out and make ur lover upset how much will cost you the ir blaster we will pay the extra money and wish if u let ur lovers talk to u before u made the phone; Shame on you samsung why every time take something out and make ur lover upset how much will cost you the ir blaster we will pay the extra money and wish if u let ur lovers talk to u before u made the phone
Googleitgenius, 05 Aug 2016More MP does not mean better clarity! This 12MP is far superior than note 4. Why dont you rea... moreYeah totally agree with you sadly that guy don't know that MP just determinate the size of the photo non quality, quality depends of sensors of the camera of course note7 has a lot of improvements.; Yeah totally agree with you sadly that guy don't know that MP just determinate the size of the photo non quality, quality depends of sensors of the camera of course note7 has a lot of improvements.
Herb Buetow, 06 Aug 2016The Note 7 looks great. The curved edge is beautiful. I have the note 4 which has an IR blaste... moreYes, the removable battery and IR remote functions are very useful. Just that I can't find a new Note 4.; Yes, the removable battery and IR remote functions are very useful. Just that I can't find a new Note 4.
The Note 7 looks great. The curved edge is beautiful. I have the note 4 which has an IR blaster and a removable battery. A small point but I use the IR blaster for my TVs in two different rooms. I always have a spare battery in my briefcase as well. I would miss these two things if I traded in my Note 4. The Note 4 continues to be a great phone. The update to android 6 added the "Screen Off" note taking feature. At the moment I do not see a compelling reason to upgrade to the Note 7.; The Note 7 looks great. The curved edge is beautiful. I have the note 4 which has an IR blaster and a removable battery. A small point but I use the IR blaster for my TVs in two different rooms. I always have a spare battery in my briefcase as well. I would miss these two things if I traded in my Note 4. The Note 4 continues to be a great phone. The update to android 6 added the "Screen Off" note taking feature. At the moment I do not see a compelling reason to upgrade to the Note 7.
Pusht, 05 Aug 2016Guys, No clear edge over 7 Edge, just a short pen, basic no use, on software we can also writ... moreThe S Pen is the identity of any Galaxy Note. Yeah, this year the specs has no difference with the S lineup.; The S Pen is the identity of any Galaxy Note. Yeah, this year the specs has no difference with the S lineup.
The Black Onyx color version is so elegant. The metal trims, or frame is colored black-like semi-gloss metallic. Gold will not be available for the US, and the metallic gray and coral blue aren't available for my region.
 
 Apparently, it will be with a free set of VR for my region.; The Black Onyx color version is so elegant. The metal trims, or frame is colored black-like semi-gloss metallic. Gold will not be available for the US, and the metallic gray and coral blue aren't available for my region.; Apparently, it will be with a free set of VR for my region.
Mythsmart, 05 Aug 2016I am using Note 4, absolutely loved it, specially the camera 16 MP. It is very disappointing t... moreMore MP does not mean better clarity! This 12MP is far superior than note 4. Why dont you read on it before making such silly comments. Also FYI 4000mAH battery does not mean its better than a 3500mAH phone, the software is better optimised to use less battery.; More MP does not mean better clarity! This 12MP is far superior than note 4. Why dont you read on it before making such silly comments. Also FYI 4000mAH battery does not mean its better than a 3500mAH phone, the software is better optimised to use less battery.
I am using Note 4, absolutely loved it, specially the camera 16 MP. It is very disappointing that this Note 7 will have only 12 MP camera.; I am using Note 4, absolutely loved it, specially the camera 16 MP. It is very disappointing that this Note 7 will have only 12 MP camera.
Why 12 MP camera down from 16 MP?; Why 12 MP camera down from 16 MP?
Whilst I am sure no one really cares, just formally acknowledging I have a Note 7 (black) on way to me come the 18th.
 Australia gets the Exynos variant. Wikkid.; Whilst I am sure no one really cares, just formally acknowledging I have a Note 7 (black) on way to me come the 18th.; Australia gets the Exynos variant. Wikkid.
I was planning on purchasing the note 7 until I saw it only has 4 gigs of ram. Really disappointed in Samsung. I'll wait for more ram as that seems to be what makes the phone lag.; I was planning on purchasing the note 7 until I saw it only has 4 gigs of ram. Really disappointed in Samsung. I'll wait for more ram as that seems to be what makes the phone lag.
Mr haro, 05 Aug 20166g ram not 4gigaNope .. only 4gb; Nope .. only 4gb
Guys, No clear edge over 7 Edge, just a short pen, basic no use, on software we can also write with fingers, r do anything pen can. Cpu Gpu same, why wud any one buy another within same year, so expensive without technology edge!; Guys, No clear edge over 7 Edge, just a short pen, basic no use, on software we can also write with fingers, r do anything pen can. Cpu Gpu same, why wud any one buy another within same year, so expensive without technology edge!
A website reports the Note 7 for china will get an underclocked S820 @1.59 GHz
 
 Source: http://www.fredzone.org/samsung-galaxy-note-7-un­-modele-survitamine-pour-la-chine-554 
 
 Use Google translate, french webpage.; A website reports the Note 7 for china will get an underclocked S820 @1.59 GHz; Source:; Use Google translate, french webpage.
ahmed tanveer, 05 Aug 2016Does s7 edge or note 7 has heating or lagging(in gaming) problem? Note 7 or S7 edge or p9 plu... moremate 8 and soon best in the world..mate 9 !; mate 8 and soon best in the world..mate 9 !
6g ram not 4giga; 6g ram not 4giga
iris scanner?lumia 950/950xl......................did samsung realize that this innovation of microsoft is good thats why he used also to this note 7?; iris scanner?lumia 950/950xl......................did samsung realize that this innovation of microsoft is good thats why he used also to this note 7?
Anonymous, 05 Aug 2016OK LET's talk about curved display... .What advantage about curving display?? Just for sayng... moreI own a s7 edge phone. Display is superb. Just buy it and you will be happy. Note 7 and the s7 edge have the best display on the market right now.; I own a s7 edge phone. Display is superb. Just buy it and you will be happy. Note 7 and the s7 edge have the best display on the market right now.
want to see this phone running its own os. To see the real strength to the market. Like blackberry os, ios, windows os.; want to see this phone running its own os. To see the real strength to the market. Like blackberry os, ios, windows os.
Does s7 edge or note 7 has heating or lagging(in gaming) problem?
 Note 7 or S7 edge or p9 plus or mate 8 for gaming?
 Thank you for answering.; Does s7 edge or note 7 has heating or lagging(in gaming) problem?; Note 7 or S7 edge or p9 plus or mate 8 for gaming?; Thank you for answering.
Ugly phone, LG V20 beata this awful thing; Ugly phone, LG V20 beata this awful thing
MsBling, 05 Aug 2016It features non removable battery like the Note 5 but expandable SD card slot like the Note 4nonremoval battery is not a necessity thanks to 3500mAh battery capacity.; nonremoval battery is not a necessity thanks to 3500mAh battery capacity.
Anonymous, 05 Aug 2016This device is a beast ! Now Note 5 and S7 series becomes old pals. note 5 is dead now!; note 5 is dead now!
This device is a beast ! Now Note 5 and S7 series becomes old pals.; This device is a beast ! Now Note 5 and S7 series becomes old pals.
Gurpreet, 03 Aug 2016Can Battery be removed???? your specs says its not removable, but i read somewhere it is remov... moreIt features non removable battery like the Note 5 but expandable SD card slot like the Note 4; It features non removable battery like the Note 5 but expandable SD card slot like the Note 4
soon will be 6gb ram/128gb internal variant..dont worrt guys; soon will be 6gb ram/128gb internal variant..dont worrt guys
Such a high end phone with no auto focusing front camera, what a shame.; Such a high end phone with no auto focusing front camera, what a shame.
anon, 05 Aug 2016What's stopping you from replacing the battery? If you're confident, you can do it yourself. O... moreMy main point for a removable back is for higher capacity batteries of 10,000mAh DIRECTLY POWERING the device instead of wasting time charging it up during the day, and even getting another after its 300 to 500 charging cycles have been spent.; My main point for a removable back is for higher capacity batteries of 10,000mAh DIRECTLY POWERING the device instead of wasting time charging it up during the day, and even getting another after its 300 to 500 charging cycles have been spent.
Anonymous, 05 Aug 2016Expect a little bit more sensitivity Spen is the same and boring 2013 note-3-like spen There ... more1. Apple pencil do NOT work on any of the iPhone s - only iPad Pro.
 
 2. Not bundled for even the iPad Pro. You have to spend another $99 for that pencil.
 
 3. We're pretty sure we don't need force touch as the S Pen has more tricks.
 
 4, I'm pretty sure Apple from now on b will never produced an iPhone with a pen silo, with a earphone jack, or the pen and device be able to work in a wet environment.
 
 5. S Pen is Wacom tech and has no need for batteries.
 
 6. 4086 levels of pressure sensitivity on a snartphone can't be beaten, as I tried it myself today and had me convinced for the pre order.; 1. Apple pencil do NOT work on any of the iPhone s - only iPad Pro.; 2. Not bundled for even the iPad Pro. You have to spend another $99 for that pencil.; 3. We're pretty sure we don't need force touch as the S Pen has more tricks.; 4, I'm pretty sure Apple from now on b will never produced an iPhone with a pen silo, with a earphone jack, or the pen and device be able to work in a wet environment.; 5. S Pen is Wacom tech and has no need for batteries.; 6. 4086 levels of pressure sensitivity on a snartphone can't be beaten, as I tried it myself today and had me convinced for the pre order.
Anonymous, 05 Aug 2016Expect a little bit more sensitivity Spen is the same and boring 2013 note-3-like spen There ... moreAt lease, Samsung camera is better than Apple; At lease, Samsung camera is better than Apple
Anonymous, 05 Aug 2016OK LET's talk about curved display... .What advantage about curving display?? Just for sayng... moreI already understand all there is to relate with the curved edge, based on the S7 Edge which I bought for wife 3 months ago. She never uses it.
 
 I don't see myself using the built-in edge apps. There's no point for the curves except making it look thinner,and gaining some 2mm shorter width than previous device.
 
 Most people will like the idea of those edges, but have no real practical use. While testing the Note7 just now, i accidentally launched an app with my palm as it didn't have a case.
 
 People will be forced to really get a case with wide rubberized edges to prevent your palm skin from resting into the screen.; I already understand all there is to relate with the curved edge, based on the S7 Edge which I bought for wife 3 months ago. She never uses it.; I don't see myself using the built-in edge apps. There's no point for the curves except making it look thinner,and gaining some 2mm shorter width than previous device.; Most people will like the idea of those edges, but have no real practical use. While testing the Note7 just now, i accidentally launched an app with my palm as it didn't have a case.; People will be forced to really get a case with wide rubberized edges to prevent your palm skin from resting into the screen.
Anonymous, 05 Aug 2016Expect a little bit more sensitivity Spen is the same and boring 2013 note-3-like spen There ... morePretty certain there is no pen with the accuracy of this pen. 0.7 mils....and no battery. Plus, it has 4K sensitivity level. That means more pressure more, thicker pen strokes. I don't see any other smartphone with a pen like this.; Pretty certain there is no pen with the accuracy of this pen. 0.7 mils....and no battery. Plus, it has 4K sensitivity level. That means more pressure more, thicker pen strokes. I don't see any other smartphone with a pen like this.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 05 Aug 2016I did not get it for VR. I want the 256 GB micro SD card. Wireless backpack charger will only ... moreWhat's stopping you from replacing the battery? If you're confident, you can do it yourself. Otherwise, just bring it to a shop.; What's stopping you from replacing the battery? If you're confident, you can do it yourself. Otherwise, just bring it to a shop.
I did not get it for VR. I want the 256 GB micro SD card. Wireless backpack charger will only give half of a full charge. You have to understand how batteries wireless battery packs work.
 
 Zerolemon 8500mAh battery external battery will give me 1.5 times more charges, and less than the cost of the Samsung wireless charger. Fast charging or fast wireless charging will contribute to accelerating the battery degradation... Who wants that?
 
 I'm getting this for:
 1. Camera - the best for still shots and video.
 2. S Pen - 4096 levels just does it way very good for my drawing needs.
 3. Water-resistance.
 4. Memory expansion - getting the 256 GB microSD
 5. 64 GB internal - at last.
 6. HDR video
 
 What I don't like:
 1. Non-profit removable battery - I have to go back carrying a powerbank.
 2. Glass back.
 3. Curved edges are pretty useless and more prone to breakage.
 4. I'm forced to get a new device yearly, thanks to the silliness of sealed battery.; I did not get it for VR. I want the 256 GB micro SD card. Wireless backpack charger will only give half of a full charge. You have to understand how batteries wireless battery packs work.; Zerolemon 8500mAh battery external battery will give me 1.5 times more charges, and less than the cost of the Samsung wireless charger. Fast charging or fast wireless charging will contribute to accelerating the battery degradation... Who wants that?; I'm getting this for:; 1. Camera - the best for still shots and video.; 2. S Pen - 4096 levels just does it way very good for my drawing needs.; 3. Water-resistance.; 4. Memory expansion - getting the 256 GB microSD; 5. 64 GB internal - at last.; 6. HDR video; What I don't like:; 1. Non-profit removable battery - I have to go back carrying a powerbank.; 2. Glass back.; 3. Curved edges are pretty useless and more prone to breakage.; 4. I'm forced to get a new device yearly, thanks to the silliness of sealed battery.
Anonymous, 05 Aug 2016Expect a little bit more sensitivity Spen is the same and boring 2013 note-3-like spen There ... moreApple is trashy piece of shit. Ou deserve this comment.; Apple is trashy piece of shit. Ou deserve this comment.
Zahid Hasan, 05 Aug 2016If you want to complain about specs, you can. But don't complain about the design; this is bea... moreOK LET's talk about curved display...
 .What advantage about curving display??
 Just for sayng "my phone has a curved panel
 Of course; the curved screen absolutely make "screen waste"
 For eg 
 you can get nearly 5.2 inches for 5.5 inches s7 edge due to the curvature
 First look:perhaps: may be beautiful BUT for daily use you feel gradually cheaper look to curved screen
 Moreover Web browsing and test reading suffer from "lots of reflections" and poor viewing angle in the corner display
 Eye cylender is als made slanting due to curvy screen
 Think slowly and thoroughly and will see it; OK LET's talk about curved display...; .What advantage about curving display??; Just for sayng "my phone has a curved panel; Of course; the curved screen absolutely make "screen waste"; For eg; you can get nearly 5.2 inches for 5.5 inches s7 edge due to the curvature; First look:perhaps: may be beautiful BUT for daily use you feel gradually cheaper look to curved screen; Moreover Web browsing and test reading suffer from "lots of reflections" and poor viewing angle in the corner display; Eye cylender is als made slanting due to curvy screen; Think slowly and thoroughly and will see it
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 05 Aug 2016I just pre-ordered it, and it's two weeks before stocks are available. The S Pen has greatly i... moreReally its amazing device but i loved the silver one as i tried it on my current s6 edge plus but the black color in note 7 will cover all its parts and will hide its amazing design not like the previous models....for me i will wait till the end of this year to get a note 7 coz it will be tooooooooo expensive; Really its amazing device but i loved the silver one as i tried it on my current s6 edge plus but the black color in note 7 will cover all its parts and will hide its amazing design not like the previous models....for me i will wait till the end of this year to get a note 7 coz it will be tooooooooo expensive
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 05 Aug 2016I just pre-ordered it, and it's two weeks before stocks are available. The S Pen has greatly i... moreExpect a little bit more sensitivity Spen is the same and boring 2013 note-3-like spen
 There is no way to compete Apple Pencil
 This poor note7 lacks 3D touch and poor speed and can't compete even iphone 6s plus in terms of speed :performance and everything; Expect a little bit more sensitivity Spen is the same and boring 2013 note-3-like spen; There is no way to compete Apple Pencil; This poor note7 lacks 3D touch and poor speed and can't compete even iphone 6s plus in terms of speed :performance and everything
Anonymous, 05 Aug 2016No no Note7 has same boring chipsets (sD 820 and exynos 8890) that are slower than iphone 6s(... moreWhy don't you simply buy iPhone and stop following Samsung instead of making baseless complaints about the Note7???; Why don't you simply buy iPhone and stop following Samsung instead of making baseless complaints about the Note7???
iJack, 05 Aug 2016Then why is their performance live and benchmark far behind iPhone 6s ??? Just open same appli... moreSorry but you cant say things that are simply not true.
 Below is a youtube link to the first S7 vs iPhone 6 speed test that came up.
 The S7 smashes it. 
 
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DcdRAJAWXcE; Sorry but you cant say things that are simply not true.; Below is a youtube link to the first S7 vs iPhone 6 speed test that came up.; The S7 smashes it.
Samsung tech is going day by day down now the china is growing up the tech but samsung may not it is world leader once upon a time, think in to customer point of mid level users not think abt high end users, they may buy any product always, but mid level may think to buy once it may keep for long time better futures.
 
 it is very dis pointed specification cam, ram, storega; Samsung tech is going day by day down now the china is growing up the tech but samsung may not it is world leader once upon a time, think in to customer point of mid level users not think abt high end users, they may buy any product always, but mid level may think to buy once it may keep for long time better futures.; it is very dis pointed specification cam, ram, storega
Jarret, 05 Aug 2016The Note 7 specs are 300% higher and better than iPhone6S/iPhone7Then why is their performance live and benchmark far behind iPhone 6s ??? Just open same application on both of them simultaneously and you'll know...these cores are just for fooling.; Then why is their performance live and benchmark far behind iPhone 6s ??? Just open same application on both of them simultaneously and you'll know...these cores are just for fooling.
Note 7 is already open for pre order in indonesia and it's too expensive because it has the same spec as s7. I may just go to s7 instead.; Note 7 is already open for pre order in indonesia and it's too expensive because it has the same spec as s7. I may just go to s7 instead.
Anonymous, 05 Aug 2016No no Note7 has same boring chipsets (sD 820 and exynos 8890) that are slower than iphone 6s(... moreIf you want to complain about specs, you can. But don't complain about the design; this is beautiful. If you can't appreciate a beautiful design, go back to any other phone brands which may suite best to you instead of just hating this. 
 
 A single phone can't meet up all your demands, different people, different phone.; If you want to complain about specs, you can. But don't complain about the design; this is beautiful. If you can't appreciate a beautiful design, go back to any other phone brands which may suite best to you instead of just hating this.; A single phone can't meet up all your demands, different people, different phone.
12mp lense? 518 ppi? you gotta be kidding me....
 so yesterday... canceling my order...; 12mp lense? 518 ppi? you gotta be kidding me....; so yesterday... canceling my order...
Seems like a decent launch by Samsung 
 
 Even though many complained about not having removable battery, 4GB RAM instead of 6GB etc. 
 
 If you do release, smartphones, especially flagships from all brands won't differ much from specs. ASUS is kind of different, as their previous smartphones line up are not targeting the tech savvy and specs hungry consumers. 
 With the ZP3 Deluxe, it's an exception. 
 It offers another alternative for the consumers where they themselves will evaluate the smartphone based on its offerings and value, which differs from each and every single one. 
 
 From what I see, the Note7 will still sell for sure, no doubt. 
 But it depends on the 'innovators' who bought the product. If they find that the Note7 lives up to its expectations and great for value and they are usually the ones that buy based on the product new features or new innovative features etc. 
 
 The next batch of consumer comes in, the early adopters. They buy based on what the Innovators have to say about the Note7, with some doubts and uncertainty in mind. 
 
 Follow by that will be early majority and, where you'll tend to see more people on the street holding on to a Note7 typically after 3-4 months after launch. 
 The late majority will be those that read online, word of mouth from other users of Note7, waiting for mobile contract to end and renewing it with Note7. 
 
 It's just a matter of time, Note7 will still sell for sure. Stop whining about it being a Note 5 plus S7 edge. 
 Samrtphones technology won't leap by a significant difference from one line up to another. 
 And long were gone the days where you have a removable battery, just face the reality. 
 and bare in mind that the current flagship with removable battery is LG G5. 
 
 And to be honest in my country, Singapore, majority are Samsung and iPhone users. The market for other brands flagships are rather small. 
 
 So it all boils down to whether the smartpone can deliver what it has to offer, the value as well as satisfying the need of the consumer; Seems like a decent launch by Samsung; Even though many complained about not having removable battery, 4GB RAM instead of 6GB etc.; If you do release, smartphones, especially flagships from all brands won't differ much from specs. ASUS is kind of different, as their previous smartphones line up are not targeting the tech savvy and specs hungry consumers.; With the ZP3 Deluxe, it's an exception.; It offers another alternative for the consumers where they themselves will evaluate the smartphone based on its offerings and value, which differs from each and every single one.; From what I see, the Note7 will still sell for sure, no doubt.; But it depends on the 'innovators' who bought the product. If they find that the Note7 lives up to its expectations and great for value and they are usually the ones that buy based on the product new features or new innovative features etc.; The next batch of consumer comes in, the early adopters. They buy based on what the Innovators have to say about the Note7, with some doubts and uncertainty in mind.; Follow by that will be early majority and, where you'll tend to see more people on the street holding on to a Note7 typically after 3-4 months after launch.; The late majority will be those that read online, word of mouth from other users of Note7, waiting for mobile contract to end and renewing it with Note7.; It's just a matter of time, Note7 will still sell for sure. Stop whining about it being a Note 5 plus S7 edge.; Samrtphones technology won't leap by a significant difference from one line up to another.; And long were gone the days where you have a removable battery, just face the reality.; and bare in mind that the current flagship with removable battery is LG G5.; And to be honest in my country, Singapore, majority are Samsung and iPhone users. The market for other brands flagships are rather small.; So it all boils down to whether the smartpone can deliver what it has to offer, the value as well as satisfying the need of the consumer
Rajee Rajee, 05 Aug 2016Phone getting heat or not?Can you use your brain to think before asking? Product isn't available to the consumers yet how the heck will they know? Heating issues will only be made known by users after using it for a progressive period of time; Can you use your brain to think before asking? Product isn't available to the consumers yet how the heck will they know? Heating issues will only be made known by users after using it for a progressive period of time
Anonymous, 05 Aug 2016No no Note7 has same boring chipsets (sD 820 and exynos 8890) that are slower than iphone 6s(... moreDon't be a smart alec and be specs driven. Megapixels aren't everything when it comes to camera and picture quality. It's the sensor and the aperture that matters most; Don't be a smart alec and be specs driven. Megapixels aren't everything when it comes to camera and picture quality. It's the sensor and the aperture that matters most
Kasi4lebza, 04 Aug 2016My point exactly... I'm disappointed on samsung Note7Samsung Note 7, is a let down. nothing to fancy about. No Wow factor for a gadget at this price range.; Samsung Note 7, is a let down. nothing to fancy about. No Wow factor for a gadget at this price range.
Anonymous, 05 Aug 2016Now I can finally get the note 5 for a much better price than before it was price really high A good time for bargain; A good time for bargain
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 05 Aug 2016I just pre-ordered it, and it's two weeks before stocks are available. The S Pen has greatly i... moreDon't worry about the sealed battery there is a WIRELESS 3100mAh Backpack battery just in case your phone ran low battery.
 On the other hand you can use phone fast charging while in the classroom, it will be full before you finish giving the lessons.
 Samsung bring them all back because they know you want it.; Don't worry about the sealed battery there is a WIRELESS 3100mAh Backpack battery just in case your phone ran low battery.; On the other hand you can use phone fast charging while in the classroom, it will be full before you finish giving the lessons.; Samsung bring them all back because they know you want it.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 05 Aug 2016I just pre-ordered it, and it's two weeks before stocks are available. The S Pen has greatly i... moreCongratulations, you will get a free Gear VR headset with USB type C.
 Oh how I like using gear VR headset.
 I watched the event with my Gear VR headset in 360 view and it feels like I am really in the event venue while in the comfort of my room. 
 Totally different from watching it in a 5.7" phone screen.; Congratulations, you will get a free Gear VR headset with USB type C.; Oh how I like using gear VR headset.; I watched the event with my Gear VR headset in 360 view and it feels like I am really in the event venue while in the comfort of my room.; Totally different from watching it in a 5.7" phone screen.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 05 Aug 2016I just pre-ordered it, and it's two weeks before stocks are available. The S Pen has greatly i... moreYeah and the return of non removable battery.
 Seems ironic you bought it...; Yeah and the return of non removable battery.; Seems ironic you bought it...
I just pre-ordered it, and it's two weeks before stocks are available. The S Pen has greatly improved with its 4096 levels of pressure sensitivity, and I'm loving that can do thin to thick lines with easy control. I'm so happy they brought back microSD support, and the 64 GB will be something!
 
 Black seems to be the most elegant version than the more apparent fingerprint-ridden gold version because of the glass back:
 
 http://flic.kr/p/JUzkdt 
 http://flic.kr/p/KpN6W5 
 
 This thing has the ability to turn down the resolution to 720p to save on power, as the screen draws the most juice.; I just pre-ordered it, and it's two weeks before stocks are available. The S Pen has greatly improved with its 4096 levels of pressure sensitivity, and I'm loving that can do thin to thick lines with easy control. I'm so happy they brought back microSD support, and the 64 GB will be something!; Black seems to be the most elegant version than the more apparent fingerprint-ridden gold version because of the glass back:; This thing has the ability to turn down the resolution to 720p to save on power, as the screen draws the most juice.
PRETTY IS ME, 04 Aug 2016im just curious to know what is a (iris scanner) can someone please inform me im a little confusedThe iris scanner is used for biometrical unlocking of the device or to login to certain secured apps, e.g. banking. It scans the iris of your eyes (which is unique) and is therefore an additional way of unlocking procedure (beside fingerprint, pattern, password or pin code).; The iris scanner is used for biometrical unlocking of the device or to login to certain secured apps, e.g. banking. It scans the iris of your eyes (which is unique) and is therefore an additional way of unlocking procedure (beside fingerprint, pattern, password or pin code).
Now I can finally get the note 5 for a much better price than before it was price really high; Now I can finally get the note 5 for a much better price than before it was price really high
This is badass phone...after note 4; This is badass phone...after note 4
Just preordered from Samsung. How long should I expect until its delivery?; Just preordered from Samsung. How long should I expect until its delivery?
Out date android 6.0 and battey is smaller than s7 edge 5.5 display
 Same specs and similar design and boring ovrrsaturated display are nightmare for samsung sale
 Sony and Apple will easily beat this poornote7; Out date android 6.0 and battey is smaller than s7 edge 5.5 display; Same specs and similar design and boring ovrrsaturated display are nightmare for samsung sale; Sony and Apple will easily beat this poornote7
Jarret, 05 Aug 2016The Note 7 specs are 300% higher and better than iPhone6S/iPhone7No no
 Note7 has same boring chipsets (sD 820 and exynos 8890) that are slower than iphone 6s(2015)
 Note7 has also same s7 edge design that are copied from iphone 6(2014) design except cheaper-look curved display...
 There is nothing special in note7 and big drawback is low resoluion 12 mp camera 5mp frnt camera BECAUSE 2016 phones have at least 13 mp and even Some selfie camera s have 13 mp
 Samsung makes boring phone with disappointing specs; No no; Note7 has same boring chipsets (sD 820 and exynos 8890) that are slower than iphone 6s(2015); Note7 has also same s7 edge design that are copied from iphone 6(2014) design except cheaper-look curved display...; There is nothing special in note7 and big drawback is low resoluion 12 mp camera 5mp frnt camera BECAUSE 2016 phones have at least 13 mp and even Some selfie camera s have 13 mp; Samsung makes boring phone with disappointing specs
The Note 7 specs are 300% higher and better than iPhone6S/iPhone7; The Note 7 specs are 300% higher and better than iPhone6S/iPhone7
Phone getting heat or not?; Phone getting heat or not?
Darkkjeddii, 05 Aug 2016Will it work with the gear sYup, of course!; Yup, of course!
Anonymous, 04 Aug 2016The Note7 should have had the following : Snapdragon 825, 8 Gb RAM, 128 Gb memory, Rear TWin ... moreSounds like you really want a laptop dude.; Sounds like you really want a laptop dude.
Will it work with the gear s; Will it work with the gear s
zzzzz, 05 Aug 2016it willSorry I realise now I didn't ask the question very well. Will the slot alow UHS II cards to work at full speed or will it treat them as UHS I with the corresponding decrease in speed please? The S7 and S7 Edge only support UHS I as the UHS II standard was too new to market when the cards came out in Feburary. The reason I ask is that I don't want to waste extra money on faster UHS II cards the phone won't support at full speed. I will settle for UHS I and save money if not. With the USB 3.1 connector this could make a tangible difference when copying large amounts of data about.
 
 Many thanks in advance.; Sorry I realise now I didn't ask the question very well. Will the slot alow UHS II cards to work at full speed or will it treat them as UHS I with the corresponding decrease in speed please? The S7 and S7 Edge only support UHS I as the UHS II standard was too new to market when the cards came out in Feburary. The reason I ask is that I don't want to waste extra money on faster UHS II cards the phone won't support at full speed. I will settle for UHS I and save money if not. With the USB 3.1 connector this could make a tangible difference when copying large amounts of data about.; Many thanks in advance.
USB 2.0, not 3.1.; USB 2.0, not 3.1.
I'm a long-time note series user, but I must say that I am disappointed with this one up in front. I remember the time when Note was always a step more powerful that the "S" series... now, note 7 has the same chipset as the S7 edge which is available for months already.
 Curved screen should be an option, not forced. I DO NOT want a note with a curved screen, I simply want the beautiful 5,7" playground, with no silly curves.
 I still can't see why talk about VR, the resolution is still 2560x1440, so there is no advancement on that field, the image will still be pointy-pixelated like on the old VR.
 I'm very sad that I need to wait 1 year or more for the next note, because I'm not buying this one.; I'm a long-time note series user, but I must say that I am disappointed with this one up in front. I remember the time when Note was always a step more powerful that the "S" series... now, note 7 has the same chipset as the S7 edge which is available for months already.; Curved screen should be an option, not forced. I DO NOT want a note with a curved screen, I simply want the beautiful 5,7" playground, with no silly curves.; I still can't see why talk about VR, the resolution is still 2560x1440, so there is no advancement on that field, the image will still be pointy-pixelated like on the old VR.; I'm very sad that I need to wait 1 year or more for the next note, because I'm not buying this one.
disappointed. waited to upgrade from Note4. Note7 has all the features I need, but no Ir blaster. Samsung, please stop dropping features from your devices.; disappointed. waited to upgrade from Note4. Note7 has all the features I need, but no Ir blaster. Samsung, please stop dropping features from your devices.
PL-GM, 05 Aug 2016Does anyone know if the SD card slot supports UHS II please? it will; it will
Anonymous, 04 Aug 2016This device is huuuge upgrade from Note 4!!!!! Better screen, glass and metal body, much bette... moreAnd also, mobile HDR display, controllable underwater with S pen, USB 3.1 Type-C, 256GB microsd card support (comes bundled for free in some region), it all adds up!; And also, mobile HDR display, controllable underwater with S pen, USB 3.1 Type-C, 256GB microsd card support (comes bundled for free in some region), it all adds up!
DeliriousSyntax, 05 Aug 2016The ram is not unnecessary it's a plusWe will never know for sure in this device but the one plus 3 with 6gb of well optimised RAM runs faster than the S7 Edge. Look on YouTube and there is a side by side comparison. So chances are the Note 7 would have too.; We will never know for sure in this device but the one plus 3 with 6gb of well optimised RAM runs faster than the S7 Edge. Look on YouTube and there is a side by side comparison. So chances are the Note 7 would have too.
willboyce, 05 Aug 2016HP elite is looking good now.. And at least your sure of the snapdragon 820 in ukThe x3 is a magnificent phone hardware wise but without an Android version it is not going to sell. Simple as that unfortunately.; The x3 is a magnificent phone hardware wise but without an Android version it is not going to sell. Simple as that unfortunately.
[deleted post]Sorry. Wrong post. The x3 is a magnificent phone hardware wise but without an Android version it is not going to sell.; Sorry. Wrong post. The x3 is a magnificent phone hardware wise but without an Android version it is not going to sell.
Does anyone know if the SD card slot supports UHS II please?; Does anyone know if the SD card slot supports UHS II please?
Anonymous, 04 Aug 2016The Note7 should have had the following : Snapdragon 825, 8 Gb RAM, 128 Gb memory, Rear TWin ... moreWhy don't you just do yourself and everyone a favour ?? Design, manufacture and sell a product with your mentioned specs or go and get yourself a laptop.. Just quit whining about what has been made and what can be a good upgrade for many of them out there, you whiny li'l whiner !!; Why don't you just do yourself and everyone a favour ?? Design, manufacture and sell a product with your mentioned specs or go and get yourself a laptop.. Just quit whining about what has been made and what can be a good upgrade for many of them out there, you whiny li'l whiner !!
HP elite is looking good now.. And at least your sure of the snapdragon 820 in uk; HP elite is looking good now.. And at least your sure of the snapdragon 820 in uk
The ram is not unnecessary it's a plus; The ram is not unnecessary it's a plus
ereynas, 04 Aug 2016So they scan for Irish? haha i think you had a typo there bro. :)Lol. I'm Irish . Duhhh me. I know I know. But yah know what I meant.; Lol. I'm Irish . Duhhh me. I know I know. But yah know what I meant.
ugly design like note 5; ugly design like note 5
tzibaeri, 04 Aug 2016Kinda disappointing that note 7 gets 6 months old tech, specs almost same in every aspect as s... moreMy point exactly... I'm disappointed on samsung Note7; My point exactly... I'm disappointed on samsung Note7
This time samsung disappointed most of its fans/supporters, they just copied Note5 and added few unnecessary things like 4gig ram, 5mp front camera, & iris scanner then call the phone Note7. Samsung please beware not to track the same path Nokia did after N8; This time samsung disappointed most of its fans/supporters, they just copied Note5 and added few unnecessary things like 4gig ram, 5mp front camera, & iris scanner then call the phone Note7. Samsung please beware not to track the same path Nokia did after N8
PRETTY IS ME, 04 Aug 2016im just curious to know what is a (iris scanner) can someone please inform me im a little confusedAn IRIS scanner is a scanner which registers your eye and lets you hold your eye up to it to log in.; An IRIS scanner is a scanner which registers your eye and lets you hold your eye up to it to log in.
Anonymous, 04 Aug 2016This device is huuuge upgrade from Note 4!!!!! Better screen, glass and metal body, much bette... moreno you didn`t, you mentioned all things; no you didn`t, you mentioned all things
I hope they make white colour.; I hope they make white colour.
The release date for the phone is August 19th; The release date for the phone is August 19th
Why only 12 megapixel?; Why only 12 megapixel?
The Note7 should have had the following :
 Snapdragon 825, 8 Gb RAM, 128 Gb memory, Rear TWin Cameras of 21mpx Dual pixel camera with Infra-red camera, Laser autofocus, Dual tone Flash with slow motion at 360 fps, OIS, Front 16mpx Autofocus Selfie camera, 6300 mAh user replaceable removable battery with Quick Charge, Flat Amoled Screen with Gorilla glass 5, Irda, NFC, FM radio, ultra fast Fingerprint sensor, 5 noise cancellation microphones, IP68 waterproof, GoTenna built in, NFC, Spen and an optimised TouchWiz witn ability to uninstall unwanted junk apps, Dual Sim slots, seperate dedicated Hot swappable 128 Gb memory card slot. This would have been a worthy upgrade.
 
 Also ... give a 15 inch note tablet with the same specs as above ... with Removable battery and a Solar panel at the back. 
 
 Give this and I'm ready to pay you your price.; The Note7 should have had the following :; Snapdragon 825, 8 Gb RAM, 128 Gb memory, Rear TWin Cameras of 21mpx Dual pixel camera with Infra-red camera, Laser autofocus, Dual tone Flash with slow motion at 360 fps, OIS, Front 16mpx Autofocus Selfie camera, 6300 mAh user replaceable removable battery with Quick Charge, Flat Amoled Screen with Gorilla glass 5, Irda, NFC, FM radio, ultra fast Fingerprint sensor, 5 noise cancellation microphones, IP68 waterproof, GoTenna built in, NFC, Spen and an optimised TouchWiz witn ability to uninstall unwanted junk apps, Dual Sim slots, seperate dedicated Hot swappable 128 Gb memory card slot. This would have been a worthy upgrade.; Also ... give a 15 inch note tablet with the same specs as above ... with Removable battery and a Solar panel at the back.; Give this and I'm ready to pay you your price.
I heard about 6gb ram..but aaded only iris scanner..no more hardware upgrade; I heard about 6gb ram..but aaded only iris scanner..no more hardware upgrade
Anonymous, 04 Aug 2016This device is huuuge upgrade from Note 4!!!!! Better screen, glass and metal body, much bette... moreBetter camera and better fingerprint; Better camera and better fingerprint
Anonymous, 04 Aug 2016Iphone 6s plus with it's 2700 battery lasts as long as the s7 edge's 3600 battery. So battery ... moreIphone battery last long because they just using full hd display only; Iphone battery last long because they just using full hd display only
There r 2 phones which make a world wide footprint. IPhones and Note. When there is iPhone release its iPhone all over the place and same goes for Note family. It's Note everywhere.; There r 2 phones which make a world wide footprint. IPhones and Note. When there is iPhone release its iPhone all over the place and same goes for Note family. It's Note everywhere.
Anonymous, 04 Aug 2016This device is huuuge upgrade from Note 4!!!!! Better screen, glass and metal body, much bette... moreDual SIM.. rather hybrid SIM; Dual SIM.. rather hybrid SIM
Iphone 6s plus with it's 2700 battery lasts as long as the s7 edge's 3600 battery. So battery capacity is just a number. I am pretty sure that Note 7 is very well optimized and will last longer than the S7 edge!; Iphone 6s plus with it's 2700 battery lasts as long as the s7 edge's 3600 battery. So battery capacity is just a number. I am pretty sure that Note 7 is very well optimized and will last longer than the S7 edge!
name401, 04 Aug 2016Note 7 is better than Note 4 because battery don't come out. Note 7 battery only last 1 hour. ... moreYou clearly had never used the note 5 before....it was the best phone I ever compare to any other android smartphone(not the ios obviously) , Samsung had upgraded their productive way faster than any other smartphone companies...my opinion was try to use the note 7 and you'll like it :); You clearly had never used the note 5 before....it was the best phone I ever compare to any other android smartphone(not the ios obviously) , Samsung had upgraded their productive way faster than any other smartphone companies...my opinion was try to use the note 7 and you'll like it :)
This device is huuuge upgrade from Note 4!!!!! Better screen, glass and metal body, much better processor, more RAM, more storage, better battery, iris scanner, improved s pen, waterproof, faster storage, VR head set, gorilla glass 5, edge screen, metal and glass body, vulcan API, game launcher, the new android, much better screen to body ratio? Did i miss something?; This device is huuuge upgrade from Note 4!!!!! Better screen, glass and metal body, much better processor, more RAM, more storage, better battery, iris scanner, improved s pen, waterproof, faster storage, VR head set, gorilla glass 5, edge screen, metal and glass body, vulcan API, game launcher, the new android, much better screen to body ratio? Did i miss something?
VenkeyTK, 04 Aug 2016Had Note 1, Note 2 and Note 3 .... Note 4 Note 5 did not excite me in any aspect configuration... moreI agree with u..note 3 is the best for me..; I agree with u..note 3 is the best for me..
Anonymous, 04 Aug 2016U clearly have never used the note-5No for me note 3 is the best...; No for me note 3 is the best...
Nicko, 04 Aug 2016Don't ever get involved in this game why not 6 gb ram but only 4, why not 4.000 battery but on... more4K display is a battey & resource hog. Bigger battery capacity means bulky and heavier phone.
 At 1440p, this phone's screen has >500 ppi, which is more than enough to make sharp images even at close distance; 4K display is a battey & resource hog. Bigger battery capacity means bulky and heavier phone.; At 1440p, this phone's screen has >500 ppi, which is more than enough to make sharp images even at close distance
Android king is here.. Can't wait to buy this..; Android king is here.. Can't wait to buy this..
PRETTY IS ME, 04 Aug 2016im just curious to know what is a (iris scanner) can someone please inform me im a little confusedAn iris scanner is an advanced security method that scans your iris (eye) to unlock your phone and certain folders you've designated to be locked. It works with contacts and glasses as long as they aren't tinted or colored. It works within seconds.; An iris scanner is an advanced security method that scans your iris (eye) to unlock your phone and certain folders you've designated to be locked. It works with contacts and glasses as long as they aren't tinted or colored. It works within seconds.
im just curious to know what is a (iris scanner) can someone please inform me im a little confused; im just curious to know what is a (iris scanner) can someone please inform me im a little confused
Anonymous, 04 Aug 2016When s7 arrived in first days people and sites tought s7 is the best phone ever but that just ... moreCheck LG V20 out!; Check LG V20 out!
Kinda disappointing that note 7 gets 6 months old tech, specs almost same in every aspect as s7. In my poor opinion note 7 was meant to be a productivity tool, not a fashion statement. Every other note used to have the best specs on the market however, that is no longer the case. There are phones out there with 6gb ram and better processor options. Removable battery was a big turn off for me as i dont wanna be carrying a power bank and i tend to keep my phones for long(still using good old trusted note 4). As far as iris scanner is concerned i find that it might take more time than the traditional ways of unlocking so not for me. Only feature i find useful is water resistance as it might save the phone from accidentally ending up in a paddle of water. 
 Sorry Samsung seems I'll be looking for a new phone when the time comes elsewhere.; Kinda disappointing that note 7 gets 6 months old tech, specs almost same in every aspect as s7. In my poor opinion note 7 was meant to be a productivity tool, not a fashion statement. Every other note used to have the best specs on the market however, that is no longer the case. There are phones out there with 6gb ram and better processor options. Removable battery was a big turn off for me as i dont wanna be carrying a power bank and i tend to keep my phones for long(still using good old trusted note 4). As far as iris scanner is concerned i find that it might take more time than the traditional ways of unlocking so not for me. Only feature i find useful is water resistance as it might save the phone from accidentally ending up in a paddle of water.; Sorry Samsung seems I'll be looking for a new phone when the time comes elsewhere.
LOOK the pros and cons.; LOOK the pros and cons.
Anyone can share whether the Note7 will support upgrade to UFS 1.0 extension standard microSD cards?; Anyone can share whether the Note7 will support upgrade to UFS 1.0 extension standard microSD cards?
When s7 arrived in first days people and sites tought s7 is the best phone ever but that just a hype for those days in this days people think note7 is the best phone ever made but after several weeks nobody say this. i'm even not sure that peoples on this page are real people and not employed from samsung for improve hype!!; When s7 arrived in first days people and sites tought s7 is the best phone ever but that just a hype for those days in this days people think note7 is the best phone ever made but after several weeks nobody say this. i'm even not sure that peoples on this page are real people and not employed from samsung for improve hype!!
oooo really disappointed from samsung, all the new models are the same design and the same parameters i thing that the Asus Zenfone 3 Deluxe is match better than this phone and the price is very competitive. i want that the people compare this too phones and see the differences, the price first off all.; oooo really disappointed from samsung, all the new models are the same design and the same parameters i thing that the Asus Zenfone 3 Deluxe is match better than this phone and the price is very competitive. i want that the people compare this too phones and see the differences, the price first off all.
Seems like a decent launch by Samsung 
 
 Even though many complained about not having removable battery, 4GB RAM instead of 6GB etc. 
 
 If you do release, smartphones, especially flagships from all brands won't differ much from specs. ASUS is kind of different, as their previous smartphones line up are not targeting the tech savvy and specs hungry consumers. 
 With the ZP3 Deluxe, it's an exception. 
 It offers another alternative for the consumers where they themselves will evaluate the smartphone based on its offerings and value, which differs from each and every single one. 
 
 From what I see, the Note7 will still sell for sure, no doubt. 
 But it depends on the 'innovators' who bought the product. If they find that the Note7 lives up to its expectations and great for value and they are usually the ones that buy based on the product new features or new innovative features etc. 
 
 The next batch of consumer comes in, the early adopters. They buy based on what the Innovators have to say about the Note7, with some doubts and uncertainty in mind. 
 
 Follow by that will be early majority and, where you'll tend to see more people on the street holding on to a Note7 typically after 3-4 months after launch. 
 The late majority will be those that read online, word of mouth from other users of Note7, waiting for mobile contract to end and renewing it with Note7. 
 
 It's just a matter of time, Note7 will still sell for sure. Stop whining about it being a Note 5 plus S7 edge. 
 Samrtphones technology won't leap by a significant difference from one line up to another. 
 And long were gone the days where you have a removable battery, just face the reality. 
 and bare in mind that the current flagship with removable battery is LG G5. 
 
 And to be honest in my country, Singapore, majority are Samsung and iPhone users. The market for other brands flagships are rather small. 
 
 So it all boils down to whether the smartpone can deliver what it has to offer, the value as well as satisfying the need of the consumer; Seems like a decent launch by Samsung; Even though many complained about not having removable battery, 4GB RAM instead of 6GB etc.; If you do release, smartphones, especially flagships from all brands won't differ much from specs. ASUS is kind of different, as their previous smartphones line up are not targeting the tech savvy and specs hungry consumers.; With the ZP3 Deluxe, it's an exception.; It offers another alternative for the consumers where they themselves will evaluate the smartphone based on its offerings and value, which differs from each and every single one.; From what I see, the Note7 will still sell for sure, no doubt.; But it depends on the 'innovators' who bought the product. If they find that the Note7 lives up to its expectations and great for value and they are usually the ones that buy based on the product new features or new innovative features etc.; The next batch of consumer comes in, the early adopters. They buy based on what the Innovators have to say about the Note7, with some doubts and uncertainty in mind.; Follow by that will be early majority and, where you'll tend to see more people on the street holding on to a Note7 typically after 3-4 months after launch.; The late majority will be those that read online, word of mouth from other users of Note7, waiting for mobile contract to end and renewing it with Note7.; It's just a matter of time, Note7 will still sell for sure. Stop whining about it being a Note 5 plus S7 edge.; Samrtphones technology won't leap by a significant difference from one line up to another.; And long were gone the days where you have a removable battery, just face the reality.; and bare in mind that the current flagship with removable battery is LG G5.; And to be honest in my country, Singapore, majority are Samsung and iPhone users. The market for other brands flagships are rather small.; So it all boils down to whether the smartpone can deliver what it has to offer, the value as well as satisfying the need of the consumer
Anonymous, 04 Aug 2016There is Note 1, Note 2, Note 3, Note 4, Note 5. And Note 4 is still the best Note ever made.U clearly have never used the note-5; U clearly have never used the note-5
Manoj , 04 Aug 2016Presently, I m using note 4 and was planning to upgrade to note 7 but after going through its ... moreDo a research bro...don't be lazy..note 7 better in every aspects than note 4 ....note 4 advantage is just removable battery; Do a research bro...don't be lazy..note 7 better in every aspects than note 4 ....note 4 advantage is just removable battery
They need to make a nuclear powered battery for Note 7 or carry a 25 pound car battery on your back all day when your working. The phone will last all day then.; They need to make a nuclear powered battery for Note 7 or carry a 25 pound car battery on your back all day when your working. The phone will last all day then.
Note 7 is better than Note 4 because battery don't come out. Note 7 battery only last 1 hour. You have to buy optional 200 meter charge cord so you can walk around with phone and still be charging. Every where you go you are going to see charge cords, McDonalds, side walks, shopping malls, charge cords every where. I am going to get into charge cord business and make millions of dollars. Every body tripping over cords.; Note 7 is better than Note 4 because battery don't come out. Note 7 battery only last 1 hour. You have to buy optional 200 meter charge cord so you can walk around with phone and still be charging. Every where you go you are going to see charge cords, McDonalds, side walks, shopping malls, charge cords every where. I am going to get into charge cord business and make millions of dollars. Every body tripping over cords.
Had Note 1, Note 2 and Note 3 .... Note 4 Note 5 did not excite me in any aspect configuration, styling or pricing .... Still holding Note 3 from past 3 years ... Tried Note 4 and returned it back as it was not so cool ... Samsung has lost it from Note 4 ... Take other companies who don't mind to dare testing with better configuration and decent pricing ... I think companies like oppo, Xiaomi, ZTE and the king of all for now is the HUAWEI .... Quality, ease of use, styling, configuration and pricing are no ware compare to Samsung ... Samsung needs to learn hear for all its mistakes been done and still doing .... Note 5 had no sd card slot now its back so clearly Samsung realised its mistake .... still a long way to learn ....; Had Note 1, Note 2 and Note 3 .... Note 4 Note 5 did not excite me in any aspect configuration, styling or pricing .... Still holding Note 3 from past 3 years ... Tried Note 4 and returned it back as it was not so cool ... Samsung has lost it from Note 4 ... Take other companies who don't mind to dare testing with better configuration and decent pricing ... I think companies like oppo, Xiaomi, ZTE and the king of all for now is the HUAWEI .... Quality, ease of use, styling, configuration and pricing are no ware compare to Samsung ... Samsung needs to learn hear for all its mistakes been done and still doing .... Note 5 had no sd card slot now its back so clearly Samsung realised its mistake .... still a long way to learn ....
too bad, i am so down to read this. I expected the best and 6GB ram and now they tell us its just 4.
 will buy LG V20 if it was better with 6GB ram 
 
 and what most make me sad is i love note and i still keep my note 3 for me note 4 and 5 was disappointment everyone is going with 6GB ram and this phone should be beast compare to others. samsung u made me feel down; too bad, i am so down to read this. I expected the best and 6GB ram and now they tell us its just 4.; will buy LG V20 if it was better with 6GB ram; and what most make me sad is i love note and i still keep my note 3 for me note 4 and 5 was disappointment everyone is going with 6GB ram and this phone should be beast compare to others. samsung u made me feel down
Anonymous, 04 Aug 2016just go for Sony samsung is just adv. buy a sony xperia x or xperia x performance or wait for ... moreYeah Sony is better but look at daily hit!! 94 precent for note 7. Sony can't be a giant like samsung in phone mobile part. and look at your favorite xperia x ! below ten precent.Samsung is biggest company in android world and high precent of people loke it because good marketing good advertise and good aftersale services even when they find that samsung phones have no enough quality they go for samsung again. Samsung knows how to hype people and make its phones like a dream for people!!; Yeah Sony is better but look at daily hit!! 94 precent for note 7. Sony can't be a giant like samsung in phone mobile part. and look at your favorite xperia x ! below ten precent.Samsung is biggest company in android world and high precent of people loke it because good marketing good advertise and good aftersale services even when they find that samsung phones have no enough quality they go for samsung again. Samsung knows how to hype people and make its phones like a dream for people!!
Tcool, 04 Aug 2016Yeah and when Apple put iris scanner on iPhone it will be amazing... lmao!They will put it in 2025 
 And call it a innovation 
 Lmao; They will put it in 2025; And call it a innovation; Lmao
Don't ever get involved in this game why not 6 gb ram but only 4, why not 4.000 battery but only 3.500, why not 4k display but only 2k. Look.... in real live situation in front of the sun you can't tell the difference. If you play stupid pokemon go game you can't tell how much ram you have 6 or 4. So do not get involved in spec game because in real live is different.; Don't ever get involved in this game why not 6 gb ram but only 4, why not 4.000 battery but only 3.500, why not 4k display but only 2k. Look.... in real live situation in front of the sun you can't tell the difference. If you play stupid pokemon go game you can't tell how much ram you have 6 or 4. So do not get involved in spec game because in real live is different.
Anonymous, 04 Aug 2016821 is not yet available when Note 7 was Launch. Why oh why 3,500mAh Battery Only? There a... moreDo you even see how small the size of Note7? It have screen to body ratio of 78%. They cramped the device so small it even made a 5.5" phone felt bigger in hands. Plus, the curved screen and spen took up space and additional waterproofing made the space more tightly sealed. You can't expect over 5000mah for a small space that left inside the phone. Besides, that is the reason they introduce battery pack called the Backpack with capacity of 3100mah. Capacity aside, itÂ’s a cleverly designed case that, while adding a bit of bulk to the back of the Note 7, could easily be kept on your Note 7 permanently for a monstrous battery. For those that would prefer a thicker phone for the sake of a much larger battery, this case is the perfect accessory. So, you do the math 3500mah+3100mah battery you get a total 6600mah permanent monster battery; which is in a way removable(the Backpack).; Do you even see how small the size of Note7? It have screen to body ratio of 78%. They cramped the device so small it even made a 5.5" phone felt bigger in hands. Plus, the curved screen and spen took up space and additional waterproofing made the space more tightly sealed. You can't expect over 5000mah for a small space that left inside the phone. Besides, that is the reason they introduce battery pack called the Backpack with capacity of 3100mah. Capacity aside, itÂ’s a cleverly designed case that, while adding a bit of bulk to the back of the Note 7, could easily be kept on your Note 7 permanently for a monstrous battery. For those that would prefer a thicker phone for the sake of a much larger battery, this case is the perfect accessory. So, you do the math 3500mah+3100mah battery you get a total 6600mah permanent monster battery; which is in a way removable(the Backpack).
could not replace my note 2. waiting for it to break; could not replace my note 2. waiting for it to break
4165422, 04 Aug 2016there is no samsung galaxy note 2 There is Note 1, Note 2, Note 3, Note 4, Note 5.
 
 And Note 4 is still the best Note ever made.; There is Note 1, Note 2, Note 3, Note 4, Note 5.; And Note 4 is still the best Note ever made.
821 is not yet available when Note 7 was Launch.
 
 Why oh why 3,500mAh Battery Only?
 There are Lots of Cheap Phones higher than 3,5k and also Li-Po.
 
 Maybe,... just maybe 4Gb only not 6Gb its bcoz the battery is just 3,500mAh.
 If they have increase the battery to 5,000mAh or more. Maybe that's the time they will release the 6Gb version.
 
 Dear Samsung,
 When Upgrading please don't remove features, just keep on adding.
 Like IR is gone, radio, etc.; 821 is not yet available when Note 7 was Launch.; Why oh why 3,500mAh Battery Only?; There are Lots of Cheap Phones higher than 3,5k and also Li-Po.; Maybe,... just maybe 4Gb only not 6Gb its bcoz the battery is just 3,500mAh.; If they have increase the battery to 5,000mAh or more. Maybe that's the time they will release the 6Gb version.; Dear Samsung,; When Upgrading please don't remove features, just keep on adding.; Like IR is gone, radio, etc.
Anonymous, 04 Aug 2016note7= s7 edge + s pen + Iris scannerAnd I'm buying it... for that!; And I'm buying it... for that!
Atlas call of duty, 04 Aug 2016Irish scanner...lmaoStop harassing the poor guy! ROFL! It was probably just a typo.; Stop harassing the poor guy! ROFL! It was probably just a typo.
Atlas call of duty, 04 Aug 2016Irish scanner...lmaolmfao!; lmfao!
ShinichixZ, 04 Aug 2016VERY RIGHT !!!!! ive used note 1-4 and stucked at 4 with quad battery since i travel alot.. an... moreBe stuck to a plastic phone forever cause removable battery will not make a return.; Be stuck to a plastic phone forever cause removable battery will not make a return.
So, the extremely subtle edge panel simply works for aesthetic and creating a bezel free effect. Nice. I love it. Its finally functional. Though you can't see the edge from the side at all. I can see why they don't name it Note7 Edge. And the Spen debate solved. So many sceptical about the water resistant. People kept saying if the spen pull out then it wont be water resistant. Look at what Samsung gives you, a water resistant spen! No other stylus don't need to be recharged and water resistant like Spen or even sell separately. Lol.; So, the extremely subtle edge panel simply works for aesthetic and creating a bezel free effect. Nice. I love it. Its finally functional. Though you can't see the edge from the side at all. I can see why they don't name it Note7 Edge. And the Spen debate solved. So many sceptical about the water resistant. People kept saying if the spen pull out then it wont be water resistant. Look at what Samsung gives you, a water resistant spen! No other stylus don't need to be recharged and water resistant like Spen or even sell separately. Lol.
absolut-allen, 04 Aug 2016I was looking forward to upgrading to the Note 7, but after checking out the reviews I think i... moreAgree much, 64GB is more than enough for a smart user.; Agree much, 64GB is more than enough for a smart user.
Atlas call of duty, 04 Aug 2016Irish scanner...lmaoYeah and when Apple put iris scanner on iPhone it will be amazing... lmao!; Yeah and when Apple put iris scanner on iPhone it will be amazing... lmao!
Battery maybe smaller than samsung s7, but note 7 has a better power of echonomics the internal resourses.You should listen carefully samsung presentation and understand better.All the answers are there.I had almost all the samsung note serie, except note 5 and I can say that I shall never find something better than this phone.It's the perfect combination between laptop and phone.It fits me!; Battery maybe smaller than samsung s7, but note 7 has a better power of echonomics the internal resourses.You should listen carefully samsung presentation and understand better.All the answers are there.I had almost all the samsung note serie, except note 5 and I can say that I shall never find something better than this phone.It's the perfect combination between laptop and phone.It fits me!
MG83, 04 Aug 2016 3500 mah battery ? Fixed internal ? Lol i use 8400 mah internal battery on my note2 if you c... morethere is no samsung galaxy note 2; there is no samsung galaxy note 2
Equinox Hydroid, 04 Aug 2016Why it has a smaller battery than S7 edge?!!!! While its a bigger phoneBecause S Pen has taken up the internal volume...; Because S Pen has taken up the internal volume...
3500 mah battery ? Fixed internal ? Lol i use 8400 mah internal battery on my note2 if you cannot remove battery of phone thats epic fail. Here is my experience on this issue"why it needs to be removable battery" i had a note 3 and it had internal short circuit in battery for no reason. As result battery case expanded like a baloon amd flipped out of phone by stretching the entire case which includes screen. If the battery was not removable probably phone screen and case would tear and crack renders the phone useless because phone exists by % 70 as screen .
 
 I excessively use my phone for work and personal use. I was swapping battery 2 3 time in day with my note 2 till i got 8400 mah kandese battery. I use phone alot. So if i buy note 7 it would only last me 3/7 of the day then i need to either charge it or hang around with crappy powerbank and would end up destroying the charge socket of the phone that would basically render it to useless. And since i am very mobile person (i am technical manager ) some phone with cord with power bank would only make me annoyed more .
 
 The 240 fps is good for 720p but I would expect the camera would be 20mp.
 
 Result : i will not buy note7 and will keep using note2 and may consider buying note4 with zerolemon power case.
 
 Why battery is most important? Because electronics cannot work without electricity. 
 
 Have a nice day and do not buy phones just because they are new model :); 3500 mah battery ? Fixed internal ? Lol i use 8400 mah internal battery on my note2 if you cannot remove battery of phone thats epic fail. Here is my experience on this issue"why it needs to be removable battery" i had a note 3 and it had internal short circuit in battery for no reason. As result battery case expanded like a baloon amd flipped out of phone by stretching the entire case which includes screen. If the battery was not removable probably phone screen and case would tear and crack renders the phone useless because phone exists by % 70 as screen .; I excessively use my phone for work and personal use. I was swapping battery 2 3 time in day with my note 2 till i got 8400 mah kandese battery. I use phone alot. So if i buy note 7 it would only last me 3/7 of the day then i need to either charge it or hang around with crappy powerbank and would end up destroying the charge socket of the phone that would basically render it to useless. And since i am very mobile person (i am technical manager ) some phone with cord with power bank would only make me annoyed more .; The 240 fps is good for 720p but I would expect the camera would be 20mp.; Result : i will not buy note7 and will keep using note2 and may consider buying note4 with zerolemon power case.; Why battery is most important? Because electronics cannot work without electricity.; Have a nice day and do not buy phones just because they are new model :)
Why it has a smaller battery than S7 edge?!!!! While its a bigger phone; Why it has a smaller battery than S7 edge?!!!! While its a bigger phone
just go for Sony samsung is just adv. buy a sony xperia x or xperia x performance or wait for new flagship in september and feel quality . iris scanner is just a extra feature !! like extra touchwiz features that just made ui heavier !! but i like s-pen that is great but i need a sony phablet with active stylus( not like lg funny stylus) .. i hate samsung with its hardware key in front of phone . if you uae phone in landscape mode the back key point your adult organs insead back and it s a bad design but in sony nexus and huawei back key in all portrait and landscape mode point to back .. if samsung one day remove that hardware keys or redesign them like xiaomi mi5 with just two dots i go for samsung. i think if apple remove hardware key samsung remove them too then first i wait for iphone without hardware key LOL. but for this days Sony is lovelyyyy xperia x is awesome it is better for gaming than s7 and maybe note7. if you don' t believe search in youtube and you find this fact . sony xperia x and x performance is best phones this days.; just go for Sony samsung is just adv. buy a sony xperia x or xperia x performance or wait for new flagship in september and feel quality . iris scanner is just a extra feature !! like extra touchwiz features that just made ui heavier !! but i like s-pen that is great but i need a sony phablet with active stylus( not like lg funny stylus) .. i hate samsung with its hardware key in front of phone . if you uae phone in landscape mode the back key point your adult organs insead back and it s a bad design but in sony nexus and huawei back key in all portrait and landscape mode point to back .. if samsung one day remove that hardware keys or redesign them like xiaomi mi5 with just two dots i go for samsung. i think if apple remove hardware key samsung remove them too then first i wait for iphone without hardware key LOL. but for this days Sony is lovelyyyy xperia x is awesome it is better for gaming than s7 and maybe note7. if you don' t believe search in youtube and you find this fact . sony xperia x and x performance is best phones this days.
What Samsung should do is release a Note6 by Christmas.
 
 6.0-6.2 inch 1440p RGB AMOLED FLAT 2.5d display with minimal bezels and maximum 77-79 mm wide x 7.6 mm thick with tapered edges on the back
 32 gb UFS 2.0 and 64 gb editions of internal storage 
 Metal frame
 Waterproof or at least waterepellent
 Removable back cover made of metal
 Removable battery 4400mah 
 Dual sim as standard
 UFS/SDXC Compliant card slot up to 1 tb
 No iris scanner
 12 mp back and 8 mp front camera with OIS and dual pixel tech for both ones
 Front facing stereo speakers
 Usb typeC 3.1 
 No wireless charging
 No infrared remote
 FM radio
 Dual bootloader for Touchwiz and Stock Android
 550 Euro price for the 32gb model; What Samsung should do is release a Note6 by Christmas.; 6.0-6.2 inch 1440p RGB AMOLED FLAT 2.5d display with minimal bezels and maximum 77-79 mm wide x 7.6 mm thick with tapered edges on the back; 32 gb UFS 2.0 and 64 gb editions of internal storage; Metal frame; Waterproof or at least waterepellent; Removable back cover made of metal; Removable battery 4400mah; Dual sim as standard; UFS/SDXC Compliant card slot up to 1 tb; No iris scanner; 12 mp back and 8 mp front camera with OIS and dual pixel tech for both ones; Front facing stereo speakers; Usb typeC 3.1; No wireless charging; No infrared remote; FM radio; Dual bootloader for Touchwiz and Stock Android; 550 Euro price for the 32gb model
Irish scanner...lmao; Irish scanner...lmao
"Versions: N930F (Europe); N930G (India); N930V (Verizon); N930A (AT&T); N930P (Sprint); N930T (T-Mobile), N930R4 (US Cellular); N930W8 (North America)" 
 This a glaring racism at its finest quality, where is the version for Africa; "Versions: N930F (Europe); N930G (India); N930V (Verizon); N930A (AT&T); N930P (Sprint); N930T (T-Mobile), N930R4 (US Cellular); N930W8 (North America)"; This a glaring racism at its finest quality, where is the version for Africa
rampage, 04 Aug 2016samsung = good UI n service center sony = camera n innovation nokia = unhan... moreI concur......; I concur......
What Samsung should is release a Note6 by Christmas.
 
 6.2 inch 1440p RGB AMOLED FLAT 2.5d display with minimal bezels
 Waterproof or at least waterepellent
 Removable back cover made of metal
 Removable battery 4400mah
 Dual sim as standard
 Micro SD up to 1 tb
 No iris scanner
 12 mp back and 8 mp front camera with OIS and dual pixel tech for both ones
 Front facing stereo speakers
 Usb type C 3.1 
 No wireless charging
 Dual bootloader for Touchwiz and Stock Android; What Samsung should is release a Note6 by Christmas.; 6.2 inch 1440p RGB AMOLED FLAT 2.5d display with minimal bezels; Waterproof or at least waterepellent; Removable back cover made of metal; Removable battery 4400mah; Dual sim as standard; Micro SD up to 1 tb; No iris scanner; 12 mp back and 8 mp front camera with OIS and dual pixel tech for both ones; Front facing stereo speakers; Usb type C 3.1; No wireless charging; Dual bootloader for Touchwiz and Stock Android
Presently, I m using note 4 and was planning to upgrade to note 7 but after going through its specs I don't find it worth upgrading. Specs are almost same. Well can anyone tell me differences between these two devices. In what way is the note 7 better ? Should i upgrade ? Sincere advice will be appreciated.; Presently, I m using note 4 and was planning to upgrade to note 7 but after going through its specs I don't find it worth upgrading. Specs are almost same. Well can anyone tell me differences between these two devices. In what way is the note 7 better ? Should i upgrade ? Sincere advice will be appreciated.
rampage, 04 Aug 2016samsung = good UI n service center sony = camera n innovation nokia = unhan... morei agree; i agree
samsung = good UI n service center
 sony = camera n innovation
 nokia = unhang n long last
 iphone = pricey n not special; samsung = good UI n service center; sony = camera n innovation; nokia = unhang n long last; iphone = pricey n not special
Petris, 04 Aug 2016For me, my top priority is the removable battery, everything else comes second, i want to have... moreVERY RIGHT !!!!! ive used note 1-4 and stucked at 4 with quad battery since i travel alot.. and i really hate those powerbanks wired to our phone.. really.. my power bank only wired to my external changer.. not to mah phone..; VERY RIGHT !!!!! ive used note 1-4 and stucked at 4 with quad battery since i travel alot.. and i really hate those powerbanks wired to our phone.. really.. my power bank only wired to my external changer.. not to mah phone..
Aaman27, 04 Aug 2016Same here... but I'm not worried about removable battery. I'll have powerbanks for that, if ne... moreFor me, my top priority is the removable battery, everything else comes second, i want to have the ability to change the battery every year or so and also the ability to fix the easier hardware issues that may cause like the usb charging plug, i dont trust the scratch free (irony) services. Note 4 for me with all the passion, i prefer the design that look like a serious samsung phone that i used.; For me, my top priority is the removable battery, everything else comes second, i want to have the ability to change the battery every year or so and also the ability to fix the easier hardware issues that may cause like the usb charging plug, i dont trust the scratch free (irony) services. Note 4 for me with all the passion, i prefer the design that look like a serious samsung phone that i used.
My apprehension, N5 S6 S7 Edge owners will never upgrade. No Use, unless it's (Mofta). Both Apple Samsung have deflated with no new innovation but catch the ear through other side. When N8 released maybe I think.; My apprehension, N5 S6 S7 Edge owners will never upgrade. No Use, unless it's (Mofta). Both Apple Samsung have deflated with no new innovation but catch the ear through other side. When N8 released maybe I think.
willboyce, 03 Aug 2016Lumia had that Irish scanner for almost 10 months already. So they scan for Irish? haha i think you had a typo there bro. :); So they scan for Irish? haha i think you had a typo there bro. :)
I was looking forward to upgrading to the Note 7, but after checking out the reviews I think it's a good upgrade from older Note users. 
 
 Coming from a Note 5, it doesn't really make sense to have a bit more power and SD Card access. I have the 64GB version and that's plenty for me. 
 
 The spec rumors that have been floating around until now might have changed my mind - the final specs won't really benefit a Note 5 user. Maybe next year Samsung.; I was looking forward to upgrading to the Note 7, but after checking out the reviews I think it's a good upgrade from older Note users.; Coming from a Note 5, it doesn't really make sense to have a bit more power and SD Card access. I have the 64GB version and that's plenty for me.; The spec rumors that have been floating around until now might have changed my mind - the final specs won't really benefit a Note 5 user. Maybe next year Samsung.
willboyce, 03 Aug 2016Lumia had that Irish scanner for almost 10 months already. but it doesnot work as good as like gn7 bro; but it doesnot work as good as like gn7 bro
Snapdragon 821 or 823 on in note 7 would have been more impressive....; Snapdragon 821 or 823 on in note 7 would have been more impressive....
Anonymous, 04 Aug 2016Matter of Opinion yes ! I can't even look at the Amoled displays on the Samsung smartphones. T... moreBullshit, everything you said is lie. 
 
 AMOLED has better view angle than any display panel. 
 Flickering ? Are you serious? It's only happen when camera takes the recording at AMOLED screen . When you see it in person, is not!; Bullshit, everything you said is lie.; AMOLED has better view angle than any display panel.; Flickering ? Are you serious? It's only happen when camera takes the recording at AMOLED screen . When you see it in person, is not!
Gelexy note7 is best Mobile I buying its.; Gelexy note7 is best Mobile I buying its.
note7= s7 edge + s pen + Iris scanner; note7= s7 edge + s pen + Iris scanner
willboyce, 03 Aug 2016Lumia had that Irish scanner for almost 10 months already. Yes but microsoft is bailing out Windows 10 mobile, and Lumia is thing of the past.; Yes but microsoft is bailing out Windows 10 mobile, and Lumia is thing of the past.
Which DAC is it using? Why isn't this info in the specs?; Which DAC is it using? Why isn't this info in the specs?
64GB and dual SIM. Nice...; 64GB and dual SIM. Nice...
There's IrDA?; There's IrDA?
Anonymous, 04 Aug 2016Matter of Opinion yes ! I can't even look at the Amoled displays on the Samsung smartphones. T... moreNo matter what your preference is, AMOLED is a better technology than IPS. It's implementation may be flawed in some cases, but in newer Galaxy phones, at least in 2016, there is little to no flaw there! And, well, the display experts rated S7edge's display as best on the planet, as of now. 
 
 But, suit yourself. If you like IPS more, yay, no problem! Enjoy IPS panels, they are great as well. Whatever floats your boat, bro(assuming you're a guy). But I love AMOLED, and I think it's better in some ways than IPS.; No matter what your preference is, AMOLED is a better technology than IPS. It's implementation may be flawed in some cases, but in newer Galaxy phones, at least in 2016, there is little to no flaw there! And, well, the display experts rated S7edge's display as best on the planet, as of now.; But, suit yourself. If you like IPS more, yay, no problem! Enjoy IPS panels, they are great as well. Whatever floats your boat, bro(assuming you're a guy). But I love AMOLED, and I think it's better in some ways than IPS.
Aaman27, 04 Aug 2016The majority of users and experts' opinion differs from yours. Like whatever you want. It's yo... moreMatter of Opinion yes ! I can't even look at the Amoled displays on the Samsung smartphones. They have the worst led flicker, especially when they get to 50% or less brightness setting. Completely unusable. Luckily they are the only cellphone user with that technology; Matter of Opinion yes ! I can't even look at the Amoled displays on the Samsung smartphones. They have the worst led flicker, especially when they get to 50% or less brightness setting. Completely unusable. Luckily they are the only cellphone user with that technology
Anonymous, 04 Aug 2016Windows Store sucks ,it doesn't have much apps like android and appstore ??? um....... maybe... moreIt has Anniversary update now..getting way better, regarding Lumias.....IPS LCD ftw. What i like about this display is that colors are very well calibrated and very realistic and when viewing it at different angles, it never fades. There's not one thing about this display that would disappoint me. You can spend $900 or you can spend $150 on say a 640......The choice is yours! &#128514; &#128514; &#128514;; It has Anniversary update now..getting way better, regarding Lumias.....IPS LCD ftw. What i like about this display is that colors are very well calibrated and very realistic and when viewing it at different angles, it never fades. There's not one thing about this display that would disappoint me. You can spend $900 or you can spend $150 on say a 640......The choice is yours! &#128514; &#128514; &#128514;
Anonymous, 04 Aug 2016The IPS LCD has more viewing angles than the amoled.I have a gs5 and lg g4, when comparing the... moreThe majority of users and experts' opinion differs from yours. Like whatever you want. It's your life, after all!; The majority of users and experts' opinion differs from yours. Like whatever you want. It's your life, after all!
Aaman27, 04 Aug 2016Same here... but I'm not worried about removable battery. I'll have powerbanks for that, if ne... moreThe IPS LCD has more viewing angles than the amoled.I have a gs5 and lg g4, when comparing them lg g4s IPS LCD is like god and s5 amoled sucks like hell.; The IPS LCD has more viewing angles than the amoled.I have a gs5 and lg g4, when comparing them lg g4s IPS LCD is like god and s5 amoled sucks like hell.
vaampyren, 04 Aug 2016This is finally the note i been waiting for. Only thing i'm sad about is the removable battery... moreSame here... but I'm not worried about removable battery. I'll have powerbanks for that, if needed. :)
 
 I'm feeling lucky that there's a phone with so many good things together, with so little flaws.. like big screen, QHD display, that too is Super AMOLED and it's curved (bezel less, awesome), great looks, that too with completely symmetrical design, with great color options, best in class camera, performance, Samsung (non-gimmicky) indispensable software features, microSD Card slot upto 256GB!!, Corning Gorilla Glass 5(thank God, all glass panel needed this protection), and the S Pen (Damn!) that makes it invincible, and all of that in a dust proof and water resistant package!! Dear Lord, thank you so much!!
 
 And not to mention the other advanced and cool features, like fingerprint sensor, Iris scanner, mobile HDR display, USB 3.1 type C, Fast charging, wireless charging, LTE CAT9, and so on.
 
 Yes, most of the features are there in other flagships, including some(very few) that Note7 doesn't have. But all of them together, it's nowhere! except here!
 
 Of course, I could've asked for more, that's what humans do, if they are given a valley of gold, they ask for another. But what's the point, only regret.
 
 So I'm not having any gripes with not having a removable battery, or a completely new design, or a 4k display, or a 5000mAh battery, or 6GB RAM, or Stock Android, or a Metal body, or Military Grade Protection, or a DSLR built in, or a Neon Flash, or Diamond Glass front panel, or whatever!
 
 I'm happy that how all-round it is, despite having some minor drawbacks! I'm getting it.; Same here... but I'm not worried about removable battery. I'll have powerbanks for that, if needed. :); I'm feeling lucky that there's a phone with so many good things together, with so little flaws.. like big screen, QHD display, that too is Super AMOLED and it's curved (bezel less, awesome), great looks, that too with completely symmetrical design, with great color options, best in class camera, performance, Samsung (non-gimmicky) indispensable software features, microSD Card slot upto 256GB!!, Corning Gorilla Glass 5(thank God, all glass panel needed this protection), and the S Pen (Damn!) that makes it invincible, and all of that in a dust proof and water resistant package!! Dear Lord, thank you so much!!; And not to mention the other advanced and cool features, like fingerprint sensor, Iris scanner, mobile HDR display, USB 3.1 type C, Fast charging, wireless charging, LTE CAT9, and so on.; Yes, most of the features are there in other flagships, including some(very few) that Note7 doesn't have. But all of them together, it's nowhere! except here!; Of course, I could've asked for more, that's what humans do, if they are given a valley of gold, they ask for another. But what's the point, only regret.; So I'm not having any gripes with not having a removable battery, or a completely new design, or a 4k display, or a 5000mAh battery, or 6GB RAM, or Stock Android, or a Metal body, or Military Grade Protection, or a DSLR built in, or a Neon Flash, or Diamond Glass front panel, or whatever!; I'm happy that how all-round it is, despite having some minor drawbacks! I'm getting it.
It should be 6 inch with 4000mah battery , sd 821
 i don`t care about iris and gg5
 It`s S7 Edge plus!; It should be 6 inch with 4000mah battery , sd 821; i don`t care about iris and gg5; It`s S7 Edge plus!
Anonymous, 04 Aug 2016Windows Store sucks ,it doesn't have much apps like android and appstore ??? um....... maybe... moreWindows is a great phone, however A lot of the Apps need to be as good as IOS it's getting there. This phone looks nice shame about battery why not removable???; Windows is a great phone, however A lot of the Apps need to be as good as IOS it's getting there. This phone looks nice shame about battery why not removable???
Ng, 03 Aug 2016Any reason that model name is 'Note7' not 'Note 7' ? As i remember on previous have space b... moreIt's because, maybe Samsung has noticed that all the other series from the brand have the number attached to the series name without a gap, i.e. S7, J7, A7, On7(the recent ones), So now they decided to do the same with the Note series, Starting from Note5, and now Note7.; It's because, maybe Samsung has noticed that all the other series from the brand have the number attached to the series name without a gap, i.e. S7, J7, A7, On7(the recent ones), So now they decided to do the same with the Note series, Starting from Note5, and now Note7.
willboyce, 03 Aug 2016Lumia had that Irish scanner for almost 10 months already. Irish? Id like that actually; Irish? Id like that actually
abk, 03 Aug 2016Samsung and Htc and sony and lg have an big problem . It is android. Very bad os. Windows phon... moreGo for high end device brother, i am using Note 2 N7100 for the past 3 years, i rooted my phone after the warranty period with customer Rom(N2RT), its working perfectly till now, even i am using high end games which is more than 1.5GB, i love my note 2.its was fell down few times but never had a single crack.i bought the phone for $500 in india(31500 INR) its worth and i am planning to upgrade.Samsung is best if you are using high end device.; Go for high end device brother, i am using Note 2 N7100 for the past 3 years, i rooted my phone after the warranty period with customer Rom(N2RT), its working perfectly till now, even i am using high end games which is more than 1.5GB, i love my note 2.its was fell down few times but never had a single crack.i bought the phone for $500 in india(31500 INR) its worth and i am planning to upgrade.Samsung is best if you are using high end device.
This is finally the note i been waiting for. Only thing i'm sad about is the removable battery but this is the trend if you want a clean unibody phone. Oh and the IR blaster would have been nice to have. All that aside this comes finally with 64GB internal memory and SD card. 
 Also the IP68 is nice. I been wanting to get a Note forever but previous one did not come to Europe and it sucked without SD card so now i will get my note7. This is a very nice looking phone. I love that it has wireless charging as well.; This is finally the note i been waiting for. Only thing i'm sad about is the removable battery but this is the trend if you want a clean unibody phone. Oh and the IR blaster would have been nice to have. All that aside this comes finally with 64GB internal memory and SD card.; Also the IP68 is nice. I been wanting to get a Note forever but previous one did not come to Europe and it sucked without SD card so now i will get my note7. This is a very nice looking phone. I love that it has wireless charging as well.
No FM radio? What gives Samsung. Activate the chip please.; No FM radio? What gives Samsung. Activate the chip please.
Just saw an unboxing in Dubai. Is it a Dual Sim variant in UAE? What is the fair price UK as 2,999 Dhs = £612. Hope this phone in UK will be around the same mark. Samsung please do not over inflate the prices in UK!; Just saw an unboxing in Dubai. Is it a Dual Sim variant in UAE? What is the fair price UK as 2,999 Dhs = £612. Hope this phone in UK will be around the same mark. Samsung please do not over inflate the prices in UK!
Reeeeeeeeeeeeeaaaaallllyyyy cooooolllll. Really the best.; Reeeeeeeeeeeeeaaaaallllyyyy cooooolllll. Really the best.
abk, 03 Aug 2016Samsung and Htc and sony and lg have an big problem . It is android. Very bad os. Windows phon... moreI'm sure you are still using win 98 in your 386 computer.; I'm sure you are still using win 98 in your 386 computer.
HvyHitR, 03 Aug 2016No battery swap will keep me using Note4. As a business traveler I appreciate the fast charge ... more3 years with my note 3 and i havent swapped batteries at all. I dont really think being able to swap batteries is a MUST righy now. Most especially when you can fast charge your phone in 30min.; 3 years with my note 3 and i havent swapped batteries at all. I dont really think being able to swap batteries is a MUST righy now. Most especially when you can fast charge your phone in 30min.
from note 5 to note 7 where is the change !!!sd card slot!! where is innovation!!!!; from note 5 to note 7 where is the change !!!sd card slot!! where is innovation!!!!
Anonymous, 03 Aug 2016Well , it's not a bad software , Windows sucks , Windows Store sucks ,it doesn't have much app... moreWindows Store sucks ,it doesn't have much apps like android and appstore ???
 um....... maybe
 
 As of june 2016, there are 669000 app in windows store. 600000 in amazon store. 234000 in blackberry store. the number may not catch windows google app. do you use 2200000 apps in your phone? do you install all them? lot of them are fake, or with ads,s spyware.; Windows Store sucks ,it doesn't have much apps like android and appstore ???; um....... maybe; As of june 2016, there are 669000 app in windows store. 600000 in amazon store. 234000 in blackberry store. the number may not catch windows google app. do you use 2200000 apps in your phone? do you install all them? lot of them are fake, or with ads,s spyware.
I was thinking to upgrade from S6 to the note 7, but it seems its not worth it, was looking/hoping for better spec.; I was thinking to upgrade from S6 to the note 7, but it seems its not worth it, was looking/hoping for better spec.
ksng, 04 Aug 2016Save 400$ and go for one plus 2 / nexus 6 p / save 500 $ and go for lg nexus 5 ... moreDon't compare a Mercedez Bens with Toyota.; Don't compare a Mercedez Bens with Toyota.
Fox, 03 Aug 2016What's new !!! Samsung i don't know how they think really !!!!!!I will buy note7... because long time im waiting for replacement for my note3... i have iphone.. but my hands love using android.. note still a beast..; I will buy note7... because long time im waiting for replacement for my note3... i have iphone.. but my hands love using android.. note still a beast..
Abubakar Hamed, 03 Aug 2016Exactly what i'm looking for :(Get a universal remote controller, much cheaper; Get a universal remote controller, much cheaper
amir sajjad, 03 Aug 2016iris scanner , 64 gig internal memory, higher speed, external memory, dust proof and water res... moreDont forget gorilla glass 5 and confirmed plan to upgrade to Android Nougat 7.0. Also, you get free gear vr, gear icon and 256gb microsd card they offer; market dependent. You cant get all that from buying oneplus 3 which when you look carefully a cheap low quality chinese phine with high specs. Quantity over quality, your choice.; Dont forget gorilla glass 5 and confirmed plan to upgrade to Android Nougat 7.0. Also, you get free gear vr, gear icon and 256gb microsd card they offer; market dependent. You cant get all that from buying oneplus 3 which when you look carefully a cheap low quality chinese phine with high specs. Quantity over quality, your choice.
willboyce, 03 Aug 2016Lumia had that Irish scanner for almost 10 months already. So what?; So what?
Marco Apollo, 04 Aug 2016Definitely buying the Note 7 :D Save 400$ and go for one plus 2 / nexus 6 p / 
 
 save 500 $ and go for lg nexus 5 x / moto pure x; Save 400$ and go for one plus 2 / nexus 6 p /; save 500 $ and go for lg nexus 5 x / moto pure x
abk, 03 Aug 2016Samsung and Htc and sony and lg have an big problem . It is android. Very bad os. Windows phon... morewake up man; wake up man
disappointed , there is nothing special , almost same as samsung galaxy s 7 , its better to sacrifice in spect . but low the price of the phone like 600 $ then samsung will beat Apple for sure . listen samsung /...; disappointed , there is nothing special , almost same as samsung galaxy s 7 , its better to sacrifice in spect . but low the price of the phone like 600 $ then samsung will beat Apple for sure . listen samsung /...
Definitely buying the Note 7 :D; Definitely buying the Note 7 :D
nice!; nice!
abk, 03 Aug 2016Samsung and Htc and sony and lg have an big problem . It is android. Very bad os. Windows phon... moreWell , it's not a bad software , Windows sucks , Windows Store sucks ,it doesn't have much apps like android and appstore , samsung has its own software (Samsung galaxy Z series (Tizen OS)) and it didn't succeed because of its store , it doesn't have much apps .
 Plus , Android has file manager, you're wrong in that. and in settings , you can move apps to SD card to decrease some of the app storage in the main storage . and about the java app , none needs it anymore because we have playstore.; Well , it's not a bad software , Windows sucks , Windows Store sucks ,it doesn't have much apps like android and appstore , samsung has its own software (Samsung galaxy Z series (Tizen OS)) and it didn't succeed because of its store , it doesn't have much apps .; Plus , Android has file manager, you're wrong in that. and in settings , you can move apps to SD card to decrease some of the app storage in the main storage . and about the java app , none needs it anymore because we have playstore.
Lumia had that Irish scanner for almost 10 months already.; Lumia had that Irish scanner for almost 10 months already.
aa, 03 Aug 2016No 4k display sucks...it will drain your battery like hell.. Not just 4k. 4k with 4000Mah battery; Not just 4k. 4k with 4000Mah battery
http://www.gsmarena.com/compare.php3?idPhone1=72­43&idPhone2=7945&idPhone3=8082 
 
 http://www.gsmarena.com/compare.php3?&idPhon­e2=7995&idPhone1=7969&idPhone3=7534 
 
 these 2 links are just 2 examples which proves that Apple is not the only brands that is ripping you fanboys with your money, also Samsung, Sony, even OnePlus and other brands, too much hate of the Apple brand made you blind that Apple always have 3 different prices depending on the GB you want, you argue with the free apps you can get from Android and not in iOS? of course, AppStore is only available for 1 company which is Apple and PlayStore is available for almost all other brands except Nokia/Microsoft and others, which means AppsStore developers and Apple has only 1 source of income for apps available for their brand which is actually the same with WindowsStore while PlayStore has multiple brands that they can source their income, and by the way, Appstore nor WindowStore has alternatives for the apps you love on PlayStore if it's not free; these 2 links are just 2 examples which proves that Apple is not the only brands that is ripping you fanboys with your money, also Samsung, Sony, even OnePlus and other brands, too much hate of the Apple brand made you blind that Apple always have 3 different prices depending on the GB you want, you argue with the free apps you can get from Android and not in iOS? of course, AppStore is only available for 1 company which is Apple and PlayStore is available for almost all other brands except Nokia/Microsoft and others, which means AppsStore developers and Apple has only 1 source of income for apps available for their brand which is actually the same with WindowsStore while PlayStore has multiple brands that they can source their income, and by the way, Appstore nor WindowStore has alternatives for the apps you love on PlayStore if it's not free
Fox, 03 Aug 2016What's new !!! Samsung i don't know how they think really !!!!!!iris scanner , 64 gig internal memory, higher speed, external memory, dust proof and water resist... but i am agree with U ... no big difference if i open my cell with touch or eye ... i just buy it for stylus ... i really love this feature; iris scanner , 64 gig internal memory, higher speed, external memory, dust proof and water resist... but i am agree with U ... no big difference if i open my cell with touch or eye ... i just buy it for stylus ... i really love this feature
abk, 03 Aug 2016Samsung and Htc and sony and lg have an big problem . It is android. Very bad os. Windows phon... moreOh bhai motorola and nexus phone is stock android phone why you not like; Oh bhai motorola and nexus phone is stock android phone why you not like
cayhanaydin, 03 Aug 2016Where is the infrared port for remote controllerExactly what i'm looking for :(; Exactly what i'm looking for :(
Rubel, 03 Aug 2016I'm waiting for it. I'm still using Note 3, I'm also using note 5, I'm go for noye 7, I love s... moreGo for Note 7, it's an elegant handset; Go for Note 7, it's an elegant handset
Samsung and Htc and sony and lg have an big problem . It is android. Very bad os. Windows phone is better. iOS is better. Java phone(Sony Ericsson,nokia(not samsung and htc or lg java phone)) were better nokia symbian have a lot of option :
 1.File Manager
 2.Install many app on sd card
 3.Java App
 i love symbian of nokia; Samsung and Htc and sony and lg have an big problem . It is android. Very bad os. Windows phone is better. iOS is better. Java phone(Sony Ericsson,nokia(not samsung and htc or lg java phone)) were better nokia symbian have a lot of option :; 1.File Manager; 2.Install many app on sd card; 3.Java App; i love symbian of nokia
What's new !!! Samsung i don't know how they think really !!!!!!; What's new !!! Samsung i don't know how they think really !!!!!!
Where is the infrared port for remote controller; Where is the infrared port for remote controller
aphon a that didnt emrace those two rumors 1- the new chipset 2- 6gb ram 
 
 and still eveery one loves it.; aphon a that didnt emrace those two rumors 1- the new chipset 2- 6gb ram; and still eveery one loves it.
HvyHitR, 03 Aug 2016No battery swap will keep me using Note4. As a business traveler I appreciate the fast charge ... moreIt have a removable battery case which also work with wireless charging. That can be used as a removable battery replacement.; It have a removable battery case which also work with wireless charging. That can be used as a removable battery replacement.
Ramdroid612, 03 Aug 2016U seriously need to get a life dudeHahaha but it's a fact that he stated; Hahaha but it's a fact that he stated
Ng, 03 Aug 2016Any reason that model name is 'Note7' not 'Note 7' ? As i remember on previous have space b... moreU seriously need to get a life dude; U seriously need to get a life dude
Novianov, 03 Aug 2016guys i want to buy one smartphone , i have 2 options in my mind note 7 and samsung galaxy s7 e... moreI'm waiting for it. I'm still using Note 3, I'm also using note 5, I'm go for noye 7, I love samsung note series; I'm waiting for it. I'm still using Note 3, I'm also using note 5, I'm go for noye 7, I love samsung note series
Spoiler alert you may be in love with NOTE 7 but this is what critics say and what I believe :P do check it out Samsung Galaxy Note 7: Just A Gimmick; Spoiler alert you may be in love with NOTE 7 but this is what critics say and what I believe :P do check it out Samsung Galaxy Note 7: Just A Gimmick
No battery swap will keep me using Note4. As a business traveler I appreciate the fast charge but at times I need to swap out for a fully charged battery. No note 7 for this guy!; No battery swap will keep me using Note4. As a business traveler I appreciate the fast charge but at times I need to swap out for a fully charged battery. No note 7 for this guy!
This phone is not much different from the Galaxy s7 edge
 I prefer to wait for the LG V20; This phone is not much different from the Galaxy s7 edge; I prefer to wait for the LG V20
Seems like a decent launch by Samsung 
 
 Even though many complained about not having removable battery, 4GB RAM instead of 6GB etc. 
 
 If you do release, smartphones, especially flagships from all brands won't differ much from specs. ASUS is kind of different, as their previous smartphones line up are not targeting the tech savvy and specs hungry consumers. 
 With the ZP3 Deluxe, it's an exception. 
 It offers another alternative for the consumers where they themselves will evaluate the smartphone based on its offerings and value, which differs from each and every single one. 
 
 From what I see, the Note7 will still sell for sure, no doubt. 
 But it depends on the 'innovators' who bought the product. If they find that the Note7 lives up to its expectations and great for value and they are usually the ones that buy based on the product new features or new innovative features etc. 
 
 The next batch of consumer comes in, the early adopters. They buy based on what the Innovators have to say about the Note7, with some doubts and uncertainty in mind. 
 
 Follow by that will be early majority and, where you'll tend to see more people on the street holding on to a Note7 typically after 3-4 months after launch. 
 The late majority will be those that read online, word of mouth from other users of Note7, waiting for mobile contract to end and renewing it with Note7. 
 
 It's just a matter of time, Note7 will still sell for sure. Stop whining about it being a Note 5 plus S7 edge. 
 Samrtphones technology won't leap by a significant difference from one line up to another. 
 And long were gone the days where you have a removable battery, just face the reality. 
 and bare in mind that the current flagship with removable battery is LG G5. 
 
 And to be honest in my country, Singapore, majority are Samsung and iPhone users. The market for other brands flagships are rather small. 
 
 So it all boils down to whether the smartpone can deliver what it has to offer, the value as well as satisfying the need of the consumer; Seems like a decent launch by Samsung; Even though many complained about not having removable battery, 4GB RAM instead of 6GB etc.; If you do release, smartphones, especially flagships from all brands won't differ much from specs. ASUS is kind of different, as their previous smartphones line up are not targeting the tech savvy and specs hungry consumers.; With the ZP3 Deluxe, it's an exception.; It offers another alternative for the consumers where they themselves will evaluate the smartphone based on its offerings and value, which differs from each and every single one.; From what I see, the Note7 will still sell for sure, no doubt.; But it depends on the 'innovators' who bought the product. If they find that the Note7 lives up to its expectations and great for value and they are usually the ones that buy based on the product new features or new innovative features etc.; The next batch of consumer comes in, the early adopters. They buy based on what the Innovators have to say about the Note7, with some doubts and uncertainty in mind.; Follow by that will be early majority and, where you'll tend to see more people on the street holding on to a Note7 typically after 3-4 months after launch.; The late majority will be those that read online, word of mouth from other users of Note7, waiting for mobile contract to end and renewing it with Note7.; It's just a matter of time, Note7 will still sell for sure. Stop whining about it being a Note 5 plus S7 edge.; Samrtphones technology won't leap by a significant difference from one line up to another.; And long were gone the days where you have a removable battery, just face the reality.; and bare in mind that the current flagship with removable battery is LG G5.; And to be honest in my country, Singapore, majority are Samsung and iPhone users. The market for other brands flagships are rather small.; So it all boils down to whether the smartpone can deliver what it has to offer, the value as well as satisfying the need of the consumer
This is the Ultimate phone. From Iris Scanner to SpO2. It has every sensors. It has a super camera a super S pen a dual curved screen. If anything is missing that is the 3D touch display. But that doesn't change anything at all. This is going to be the best mobile for at least 1 year. Samsung have produced A great device.; This is the Ultimate phone. From Iris Scanner to SpO2. It has every sensors. It has a super camera a super S pen a dual curved screen. If anything is missing that is the 3D touch display. But that doesn't change anything at all. This is going to be the best mobile for at least 1 year. Samsung have produced A great device.
what if you have to heavily rely on your phone on the road for work and you're out of battery? bring back the exchangeable battery, dang it!!!; what if you have to heavily rely on your phone on the road for work and you're out of battery? bring back the exchangeable battery, dang it!!!
Ng, 03 Aug 2016Any reason that model name is 'Note7' not 'Note 7' ? As i remember on previous have space b... moreNote5 doesn't have space etiher, the ones before do have a space, weird in my opinion XD; Note5 doesn't have space etiher, the ones before do have a space, weird in my opinion XD
Any reason that model name is
 'Note7' not
 'Note 7' ?
 As i remember on previous have space between.; Any reason that model name is; 'Note7' not; 'Note 7' ?; As i remember on previous have space between.
Will samsung reduce the price of older models like note edge,note 5 etc.. after the launching of note 7; Will samsung reduce the price of older models like note edge,note 5 etc.. after the launching of note 7
i have the one plus one, right now, and this the phone i am going to go for when it comes it out. not only it's the best Samsung phone the markert. the water proff makes it all better. for me; i have the one plus one, right now, and this the phone i am going to go for when it comes it out. not only it's the best Samsung phone the markert. the water proff makes it all better. for me
It's a shame that Samsung is now caving in to non-removable batteries. That's a big problem which will definitely make me consider another phone.; It's a shame that Samsung is now caving in to non-removable batteries. That's a big problem which will definitely make me consider another phone.
ossqss, 03 Aug 2016No removable battery again, no IR blaster again. I will just stick to the Note 4 and change ba... moreThe note 7 has a bigger battery, fast charging, and specialized ui to make the battery last well over a day. Stop living in the past, it's never coming back.; The note 7 has a bigger battery, fast charging, and specialized ui to make the battery last well over a day. Stop living in the past, it's never coming back.
Novianov, 03 Aug 2016thnx a lot!!! your the best, i choose s7 edge becouse im not using s-pen, my handwriting suck Lol LOL no worries the s-pen isn't meant for everyone (me neither XD)
 hope u enjoy the phone 
 ^_^; LOL no worries the s-pen isn't meant for everyone (me neither XD); hope u enjoy the phone; ^_^
Estimu, 03 Aug 2016both are really good so any choice u'll probably like, the main thing that u have to asset is ... morethnx a lot!!! your the best, i choose s7 edge becouse im not using s-pen, my handwriting suck Lol; thnx a lot!!! your the best, i choose s7 edge becouse im not using s-pen, my handwriting suck Lol
No removable battery again, no IR blaster again. I will just stick to the Note 4 and change batteries again. Disappointing to say the least. Are they ever going to do another Note Tablet?; No removable battery again, no IR blaster again. I will just stick to the Note 4 and change batteries again. Disappointing to say the least. Are they ever going to do another Note Tablet?
[deleted post]What to do with 6GB ram isn't as important as it is futureproof and you won't need to upgrade very soon.; What to do with 6GB ram isn't as important as it is futureproof and you won't need to upgrade very soon.
Novianov, 03 Aug 2016guys i want to buy one smartphone , i have 2 options in my mind note 7 and samsung galaxy s7 e... moreboth are really good so any choice u'll probably like, the main thing that u have to asset is the s-pen feature (wether u must have it or not) and the price (specially now that the s7 series has a $200 cut off if it's available in ur country); both are really good so any choice u'll probably like, the main thing that u have to asset is the s-pen feature (wether u must have it or not) and the price (specially now that the s7 series has a $200 cut off if it's available in ur country)
Nazeer, 03 Aug 2016I m curious why Note 7 is being announced instead of Note 6?any reason for skiping the 6 digit?"The Note 6 moniker was skipped over so Samsung could bring its S and Note ranges onto the same numbering system, rather than making its yearly heavyweight phablet look last-generation before it's even announced"; "The Note 6 moniker was skipped over so Samsung could bring its S and Note ranges onto the same numbering system, rather than making its yearly heavyweight phablet look last-generation before it's even announced"
Hey Hey, 03 Aug 2016I think it would be better to wait for Note 8. Asus Zenfone 3 deluxe is way better than the No... moreI rather have water and dust roof and Corning Gorilla Glass 5 than 8 gb of rams; I rather have water and dust roof and Corning Gorilla Glass 5 than 8 gb of rams
Only snapdragon version is sold in USA. No, I don't want that. I think snap and exynos ver should be both in the USA.; Only snapdragon version is sold in USA. No, I don't want that. I think snap and exynos ver should be both in the USA.
Nazeer, 03 Aug 2016I m curious why Note 7 is being announced instead of Note 6?any reason for skiping the 6 digit?Because illuminati. Stay away from 6 digits its no good for you.; Because illuminati. Stay away from 6 digits its no good for you.
There is nothing for the person who own s7 edge and specially if you live in USA they already selling us SD820 that is almost half speed of Europe I m disappointed by samsung iPhone here I come; There is nothing for the person who own s7 edge and specially if you live in USA they already selling us SD820 that is almost half speed of Europe I m disappointed by samsung iPhone here I come
guys i want to buy one smartphone , i have 2 options in my mind note 7 and samsung galaxy s7 edge, which one is the best , please suggest and give me good opinion; guys i want to buy one smartphone , i have 2 options in my mind note 7 and samsung galaxy s7 edge, which one is the best , please suggest and give me good opinion
No IrBlaster no upgrade. I will stick with Note 4 until LG V20 comes out. done with Samsung.; No IrBlaster no upgrade. I will stick with Note 4 until LG V20 comes out. done with Samsung.
Pathetic. even the soc is not given any upgrade as rumored before. Its better to stick with s7 edge or people can choose zenfone 3 deluxe which comes with snapdragon 821 and 6gb of ram and better camera module. Samsung wins in design aspect though.; Pathetic. even the soc is not given any upgrade as rumored before. Its better to stick with s7 edge or people can choose zenfone 3 deluxe which comes with snapdragon 821 and 6gb of ram and better camera module. Samsung wins in design aspect though.
Huawei make better phones, the Mate 8 in particular... released in November 2015!; Huawei make better phones, the Mate 8 in particular... released in November 2015!
I m curious why Note 7 is being announced instead of Note 6?any reason for skiping the 6 digit?; I m curious why Note 7 is being announced instead of Note 6?any reason for skiping the 6 digit?
Hey Hey, 03 Aug 2016I think it would be better to wait for Note 8. Asus Zenfone 3 deluxe is way better than the No... morelol. havn't u seen the focal length of both the cameras.. 12mp of note will be much better then 23mp asus..battery is also 500mah more; lol. havn't u seen the focal length of both the cameras.. 12mp of note will be much better then 23mp asus..battery is also 500mah more
Please take good care of your battery sir.. I still use S2 till now since release.. And never ever chance new battery, work fine till now. I use S2 and Note 3..and now i looking Note 7 look amazing..nice beast..; Please take good care of your battery sir.. I still use S2 till now since release.. And never ever chance new battery, work fine till now. I use S2 and Note 3..and now i looking Note 7 look amazing..nice beast..
The best phone in the world ... i m using s6 edge but i always want s pen now i have both things s pen nd curved ... thanks samsung for making such advance nd awsome phones...c; The best phone in the world ... i m using s6 edge but i always want s pen now i have both things s pen nd curved ... thanks samsung for making such advance nd awsome phones...c
Skye, 03 Aug 2016I'll pass for Samsung note 7. No innovation at all. It's a combination of note 5 and s7 edge. ... moreI hate to admit it but your damn right Ill ,stick with my Note 4; I hate to admit it but your damn right Ill ,stick with my Note 4
Everything is better but battery is being after 6 month not stay charge. Samsung is very bad battery.; Everything is better but battery is being after 6 month not stay charge. Samsung is very bad battery.
Alien , 03 Aug 2016Only 4 GB RAM - No 6GB RAM Only SD820 - No SD823 Only 3500mAh battery - No 4000mAh And on ... moreOh god, its ppl like you who just complain for no reason. The note 5 has a 3000mah battery, this one has a 3500mah....what are you complaining about, the ram? 4gb of ram is plenty, the note 7 is the best phone, you just complain because your probably just negative about life. You made the rumours make you think a fictional phone was coming out.; Oh god, its ppl like you who just complain for no reason. The note 5 has a 3000mah battery, this one has a 3500mah....what are you complaining about, the ram? 4gb of ram is plenty, the note 7 is the best phone, you just complain because your probably just negative about life. You made the rumours make you think a fictional phone was coming out.
SAMSUNG 4GB what? 
 
 one plus 3 is 6GB RAM with 400 usd 
 
 who the hell need eye recognition anyway.; SAMSUNG 4GB what?; one plus 3 is 6GB RAM with 400 usd; who the hell need eye recognition anyway.
Yes... Im buying this phone. Reason being is the edge curve is not the same as the S7 Edge or other Edge variants. All the specs that I want are there. Besides using Note 4, I have Note 7 as my primary fone... yeehaaa!!!; Yes... Im buying this phone. Reason being is the edge curve is not the same as the S7 Edge or other Edge variants. All the specs that I want are there. Besides using Note 4, I have Note 7 as my primary fone... yeehaaa!!!
I'm sorry samsung i skip note 5 & note 7, i keep my note 4; I'm sorry samsung i skip note 5 & note 7, i keep my note 4
Is the sample retinal in cell phone, you can not identity theft ?
 Can I steal a sample of the retina? from cell phone ?; Is the sample retinal in cell phone, you can not identity theft ?; Can I steal a sample of the retina? from cell phone ?
Only 4 GB RAM - No 6GB RAM 
 Only SD820 - No SD823
 Only 3500mAh battery - No 4000mAh
 And on top of this, it's full of useless bloatware!
 Not to mention that it's very difficult to root, qnd when you do so, you loose the Knox security. 
 Other than a bit larger display and that iris bs, this is the same as S7 Edge, which by the way, brakes very easy if you drop it from half a meter. 
 Very disappointing..; Only 4 GB RAM - No 6GB RAM; Only SD820 - No SD823; Only 3500mAh battery - No 4000mAh; And on top of this, it's full of useless bloatware!; Not to mention that it's very difficult to root, qnd when you do so, you loose the Knox security.; Other than a bit larger display and that iris bs, this is the same as S7 Edge, which by the way, brakes very easy if you drop it from half a meter.; Very disappointing..
hey hey, 03 Aug 2016no innovation at all...Windows Phone or the Lumia 950 xl is the first phone to have Iris Scann... moreAnd what are you doing with those 6GB rams? TW and Android is more and more optimized so 4GB is plenty; And what are you doing with those 6GB rams? TW and Android is more and more optimized so 4GB is plenty
I'll pass for Samsung note 7. No innovation at all. It's a combination of note 5 and s7 edge. S7 edge is a better buy than note 7. Iris scanner for smartphones is still at infancy state for now. Better wait for note 8.; I'll pass for Samsung note 7. No innovation at all. It's a combination of note 5 and s7 edge. S7 edge is a better buy than note 7. Iris scanner for smartphones is still at infancy state for now. Better wait for note 8.
I think it would be better to wait for Note 8. Asus Zenfone 3 deluxe is way better than the Note 7. I would rather have a 6gig of RAM and 23mp rare and 8mp front cam than an Iris scanner and a Waterproof feature.; I think it would be better to wait for Note 8. Asus Zenfone 3 deluxe is way better than the Note 7. I would rather have a 6gig of RAM and 23mp rare and 8mp front cam than an Iris scanner and a Waterproof feature.
sohaib-khan, 03 Aug 2016this 12 MP camera is a lot more better than 16 MP because the picture quality depends on res... moreWell that's what APPLE said. But printing pictures wont be as good as 16mp or 24 mp.; Well that's what APPLE said. But printing pictures wont be as good as 16mp or 24 mp.
Rajat verma, 03 Aug 2016You think there is no innovation.......so you tell ....what do you want as a innovation in sma... moreno innovation at all...Windows Phone or the Lumia 950 xl is the first phone to have Iris Scanner....even laptops with Windows 10 "Hello" has Iris Scanner. Water proof is so Samsung Galaxy S5.. Asus Zenfone 3 Delux and Ultra have 6gig Ram. Sony X5 Premium has 4k display....so where's the innovation from Note 7? INNOVATION = a new method, idea, product, etc.; no innovation at all...Windows Phone or the Lumia 950 xl is the first phone to have Iris Scanner....even laptops with Windows 10 "Hello" has Iris Scanner. Water proof is so Samsung Galaxy S5.. Asus Zenfone 3 Delux and Ultra have 6gig Ram. Sony X5 Premium has 4k display....so where's the innovation from Note 7? INNOVATION = a new method, idea, product, etc.
Vannak, 03 Aug 2016I think samsung should release Galaxy note7s with 6GB of ram 4000mah of battery life and 16mpi... morethis 12 MP camera is a lot more better than 16 MP 
 because the picture quality depends on resolution not mega pixels; this 12 MP camera is a lot more better than 16 MP; because the picture quality depends on resolution not mega pixels
I think samsung should release Galaxy note7s with 6GB of ram 4000mah of battery life and 16mpixel for rear camera and 8 mpixel for front. I am waiting it.; I think samsung should release Galaxy note7s with 6GB of ram 4000mah of battery life and 16mpixel for rear camera and 8 mpixel for front. I am waiting it.
Javid, 03 Aug 2016Samsung is not going to sell much of this phablet because most of the gsm fans where waiting f... moreI would like to get Nite 7,
 Only if it is 6GB RAM
 Only if 4000 mah
 And price shouldnt go beyond 3000Aed; I would like to get Nite 7,; Only if it is 6GB RAM; Only if 4000 mah; And price shouldnt go beyond 3000Aed
arnobxperia, 03 Aug 2016stupid NOTE 7 , no innovation no nothing, THis is basically S7 EDGE+ with S-Pen. Noob samsung,... moreI will just leave this here.
 
 http://www.sammobile.com/2016/08/01/its-all-abou­t-perspective-critics-of-the-curved-galaxy-note-­7-are-just-flat-wrong/; I will just leave this here.
your mom, 03 Aug 20166GB RAM yet they're still inferior and having more RAM is the only thing they can boast aboutlol. Inferior.; lol. Inferior.
Is there any dual sim model coming ??; Is there any dual sim model coming ??
arnobxperia, 03 Aug 2016stupid NOTE 7 , no innovation no nothing, THis is basically S7 EDGE+ with S-Pen. Noob samsung,... moreS-Pen alone makes the Note 7 awesome. I think Note 7 is a beast and the best that will ever be released this year.; S-Pen alone makes the Note 7 awesome. I think Note 7 is a beast and the best that will ever be released this year.
The price Samsung is asking for is ridiculous.; The price Samsung is asking for is ridiculous.
Rajat verma, 03 Aug 2016You think there is no innovation.......so you tell ....what do you want as a innovation in sma... moredefinitely not the first phone to feature iris scanner idk why don't you at least google before making false statements : http://webcusp.com/list-of-all-eye-scanner-iris-­retina-recognition-smartphones/; definitely not the first phone to feature iris scanner idk why don't you at least google before making false statements :
liton, 03 Aug 2016Nice but where is note 6???Good question.... Now in just a short while both Note 5 & 6 are obsolete :); Good question.... Now in just a short while both Note 5 & 6 are obsolete :)
Samsung is meant for its amoled screens. Expecting 4k uhd display on samsung amoled screens. It really rocks.; Samsung is meant for its amoled screens. Expecting 4k uhd display on samsung amoled screens. It really rocks.
Again curved screen and no original glass cover protection .. so what is the use
 if it happened to drop the phone and break the screen then goood by it gonna cost you
 hell lot of money .
 Needless to say replacing curved screen on the difficulty scale is very high.
 And finally still no useful apps for edge screen; Again curved screen and no original glass cover protection .. so what is the use; if it happened to drop the phone and break the screen then goood by it gonna cost you; hell lot of money .; Needless to say replacing curved screen on the difficulty scale is very high.; And finally still no useful apps for edge screen
Samsung is not going to sell much of this phablet because most of the gsm fans where waiting for at least 6 GB of ram and 4000 mAh battery and with used specifications on galaxy note 7 Samsung has disappointed many buyers.
 I will hold my Old Nokia Lumia 1520.; Samsung is not going to sell much of this phablet because most of the gsm fans where waiting for at least 6 GB of ram and 4000 mAh battery and with used specifications on galaxy note 7 Samsung has disappointed many buyers.; I will hold my Old Nokia Lumia 1520.
No 6gb RAM, No 4000mah Battery, No 4k UHD display, No high megapixel camera. No attracting features have Samsung galaxy note 7. Hope next galaxy note series or galaxy s series would have all the above features.; No 6gb RAM, No 4000mah Battery, No 4k UHD display, No high megapixel camera. No attracting features have Samsung galaxy note 7. Hope next galaxy note series or galaxy s series would have all the above features.
arnobxperia, 03 Aug 2016stupid NOTE 7 , no innovation no nothing, THis is basically S7 EDGE+ with S-Pen. Noob samsung,... moreYou think there is no innovation.......so you tell ....what do you want as a innovation in smartphone in 2016........you have gr8 cam..stunning display....looks beautiful......1st phone to feature Iris scanner.......
 Waiting for your answer.......and expecting it to b a sensible one; You think there is no innovation.......so you tell ....what do you want as a innovation in smartphone in 2016........you have gr8 cam..stunning display....looks beautiful......1st phone to feature Iris scanner.......; Waiting for your answer.......and expecting it to b a sensible one
SD820 ;D
 
 OnePlus 3 wins :D; SD820 ;D; OnePlus 3 wins :D
sholex, 03 Aug 2016what 6gb of ram ??6 GB RAM was just joking.; 6 GB RAM was just joking.
Can Battery be removed???? your specs says its not removable, but i read somewhere it is removable unlike Note 5 and like Note 4.; Can Battery be removed???? your specs says its not removable, but i read somewhere it is removable unlike Note 5 and like Note 4.
vogash, 03 Aug 2016Well, it is simply S7. The only differences are: Gorila 5 and USB Type C I am not talking ab... moreever heard of an Spen?? that's the main selling point; ever heard of an Spen?? that's the main selling point
your mom, 03 Aug 20166GB RAM yet they're still inferior and having more RAM is the only thing they can boast about4GB not 6GB...; 4GB not 6GB...
And the flat creen!!! Where is the flat screen??? Edge is a stupid and not useful. Who can kwou if Note 7 made an flat screen?; And the flat creen!!! Where is the flat screen??? Edge is a stupid and not useful. Who can kwou if Note 7 made an flat screen?
stupid NOTE 7 , no innovation no nothing, THis is basically S7 EDGE+ with S-Pen. Noob samsung, I hope this phone donot sell good, They need to learn lesson not to make same phone always.; stupid NOTE 7 , no innovation no nothing, THis is basically S7 EDGE+ with S-Pen. Noob samsung, I hope this phone donot sell good, They need to learn lesson not to make same phone always.
Hahaha Lol,You guys even know what the Ram do??Android smartphones works perfectly with 3 Gb ram,iPhone 6S has 2 Gb ram and you can see its multitasking...Imagine the multitasking experience note 7 will give you :); Hahaha Lol,You guys even know what the Ram do??Android smartphones works perfectly with 3 Gb ram,iPhone 6S has 2 Gb ram and you can see its multitasking...Imagine the multitasking experience note 7 will give you :)
Indrajaya15, 03 Aug 2016so, what the iris scanners? what the meaning?Oops! Be careful! It will poke your eyes!; Oops! Be careful! It will poke your eyes!
liton, 03 Aug 2016Nice but where is note 6???Omg...they forgot it...lol..
 Bro search it on Google instead.; Omg...they forgot it...lol..; Bro search it on Google instead.
6gb ram would be better, anyways ram management on s7 edge is excellent so this one won't disappoint users.
 Battery is even less than s7 edge, but fast charging is available so....
 I will buy it. :); 6gb ram would be better, anyways ram management on s7 edge is excellent so this one won't disappoint users.; Battery is even less than s7 edge, but fast charging is available so....; I will buy it. :)
Daniel3987, 03 Aug 2016Only 4GB, no SD821/Exynos 8893, ugly design, useless double-edge, small battery, very expensiv... more4gb vs 6gb ..... for mobiles these days its same like 32gb vs 40gb in PC world.... 99.9% people wont see any difference; 4gb vs 6gb ..... for mobiles these days its same like 32gb vs 40gb in PC world.... 99.9% people wont see any difference
I think this is the best phone ever made by Samsung; I think this is the best phone ever made by Samsung
your mom, 03 Aug 20166GB RAM yet they're still inferior and having more RAM is the only thing they can boast aboutwhat 6gb of ram ??; what 6gb of ram ??
Note 4 is better. Got infrared function. Can install TV, AC and android box remote controller.; Note 4 is better. Got infrared function. Can install TV, AC and android box remote controller.
Nice but where is note 6???; Nice but where is note 6???
Daniel3987, 03 Aug 2016Only 4GB, no SD821/Exynos 8893, ugly design, useless double-edge, small battery, very expensiv... more6GB RAM yet they're still inferior and having more RAM is the only thing they can boast about; 6GB RAM yet they're still inferior and having more RAM is the only thing they can boast about
Daniel3987, 03 Aug 2016Only 4GB, no SD821/Exynos 8893, ugly design, useless double-edge, small battery, very expensiv... morewhile i do lament the fact that there's no 6gb ram for the note 7. however, there doesn't seem to be any significant advantage of these chinese phones with 6gb of ram over any of the other 4gb ram flagships out there. if anything, they aren't even as good. i'll to check it out for myself how the note 7 fares in terms of multitasking and ram management.; while i do lament the fact that there's no 6gb ram for the note 7. however, there doesn't seem to be any significant advantage of these chinese phones with 6gb of ram over any of the other 4gb ram flagships out there. if anything, they aren't even as good. i'll to check it out for myself how the note 7 fares in terms of multitasking and ram management.
Indrajaya15, 03 Aug 2016so, what the iris scanners? what the meaning?Ask to samsung executive only.
 you dont have capacity to buy micromax mobiles and asking about note 7 :p; Ask to samsung executive only.; you dont have capacity to buy micromax mobiles and asking about note 7 :p
Indrajaya15, 03 Aug 2016so, what the iris scanners? what the meaning?Iris scanner means it is a sensor that can unlock your phone from your eyes.sensor was found by Microsoft for the first time; Iris scanner means it is a sensor that can unlock your phone from your eyes.sensor was found by Microsoft for the first time
Indrajaya15, 03 Aug 2016so, what the iris scanners? what the meaning?means that iris scan is security for the phone like the fingerprist in old versions unlock only with the scan of the owners eye; means that iris scan is security for the phone like the fingerprist in old versions unlock only with the scan of the owners eye
Indrajaya15, 03 Aug 2016so, what the iris scanners? what the meaning?Big brother man! You know?; Big brother man! You know?
Indrajaya15, 03 Aug 2016so, what the iris scanners? what the meaning?Eye scanner for security.; Eye scanner for security.
Indrajaya15, 03 Aug 2016so, what the iris scanners? what the meaning?Iris is a tissue situated in your eye. Iris scanner scans the Iris, just like fingerprint scanner scans the fingerprint for authentication.
 
 In common terms Iris scanner scans your eye to unlock the phone, which is more secure than fingerprint sensor but not very practical.; Iris is a tissue situated in your eye. Iris scanner scans the Iris, just like fingerprint scanner scans the fingerprint for authentication.; In common terms Iris scanner scans your eye to unlock the phone, which is more secure than fingerprint sensor but not very practical.
Indrajaya15, 03 Aug 2016so, what the iris scanners? what the meaning?Means scan your eye to unlock your phone...; Means scan your eye to unlock your phone...
Only 4GB, no SD821/Exynos 8893, ugly design, useless double-edge, small battery, very expensive. Almost every new china-flagship has 6GB by half the price.; Only 4GB, no SD821/Exynos 8893, ugly design, useless double-edge, small battery, very expensive. Almost every new china-flagship has 6GB by half the price.
Dora, 03 Aug 2016Nothing much good, only the iris scanner, almost same with S7 Edge. battery is only 3500MAH. so, what the iris scanners? what the meaning?; so, what the iris scanners? what the meaning?
The phone, with intelligence with beauty, 
 This is smartest phone of 2016; The phone, with intelligence with beauty,; This is smartest phone of 2016
Dora, 03 Aug 2016Nothing much good, only the iris scanner, almost same with S7 Edge. battery is only 3500MAH. They increased the battery due to the bigger screen.
 S7 and Note 7 will work with the same time.; They increased the battery due to the bigger screen.; S7 and Note 7 will work with the same time.
What i like about the note 7
 The 3.5mm jack is present- apple remove it i don't care
 The screen size stays 5.7 not 5.8 
 Sd card is back
 64g storage &#128525;
 Water resistant&#9996;
 Honestly which other phone (android) can compare.
 Those who are disappointed remember more specs the higher the price. No one wants to buy a note phone at $1200 because it has 6g ram 5.8 inch, ir blaster, 128g internal storage, 4000mah battery and so on.Yes the note 7 is just right.
 I think the issue with samsung is the specs of the s6,s7 and s7 edge has been increase to the note territory given little maneuvering room for the note series.; What i like about the note 7; The 3.5mm jack is present- apple remove it i don't care; The screen size stays 5.7 not 5.8; Sd card is back; 64g storage &#128525;; Water resistant&#9996;; Honestly which other phone (android) can compare.; Those who are disappointed remember more specs the higher the price. No one wants to buy a note phone at $1200 because it has 6g ram 5.8 inch, ir blaster, 128g internal storage, 4000mah battery and so on.Yes the note 7 is just right.; I think the issue with samsung is the specs of the s6,s7 and s7 edge has been increase to the note territory given little maneuvering room for the note series.
vogash, 03 Aug 2016Well, it is simply S7. The only differences are: Gorila 5 and USB Type C I am not talking ab... moreForgot Iris scanner :); Forgot Iris scanner :)
Well, it is simply S7. The only differences are:
 Gorila 5 and USB Type C
 I am not talking about screen size since it is irrelevant.; Well, it is simply S7. The only differences are:; Gorila 5 and USB Type C; I am not talking about screen size since it is irrelevant.
ah thought it was getting 6gb of ram; ah thought it was getting 6gb of ram
saurabh, 03 Aug 2016for early birds...samsung is giving free 256gb MicroSDfor RAM??; for RAM??
Nothing much good, only the iris scanner, almost same with S7 Edge. battery is only 3500MAH.; Nothing much good, only the iris scanner, almost same with S7 Edge. battery is only 3500MAH.
fouad.leb, 03 Aug 2016I'm disappointed, I waited eagerly 256 GB Internal with 6 GB RAM ......for early birds...samsung is giving free 256gb MicroSD; for early birds...samsung is giving free 256gb MicroSD
Ganesh Rajgurav, 03 Aug 2016No ir..... screen size and ppi almost same like a note 4. I think note 4 is best option still..Yesss indeed and i regretin sold my note 4 for s7 edge; Yesss indeed and i regretin sold my note 4 for s7 edge
Note 7 is near copy of S7 Edge in all aspects except the size of phone. Its better to opt with edge....; Note 7 is near copy of S7 Edge in all aspects except the size of phone. Its better to opt with edge....
samsung has best UI but hardware better in sony n ram that quickly hang; samsung has best UI but hardware better in sony n ram that quickly hang
i am waiting.........................................­...............................................n­ote 7; i am waiting.........................................­...............................................n­ote 7
Darkentia, 03 Aug 2016My Friend, you are not fully aware of IR's use. Did you know you can remote-control all you... morethen buy a universal remote control; then buy a universal remote control
Arthur, 03 Aug 2016The 3500 mah battery being non-removable looks like somebody farting wearing a tuxedo... Your comment deserves a mediatek p10 chip.; Your comment deserves a mediatek p10 chip.
Bob Rapala, 03 Aug 2016I don't want to buy this phone because.. no IR function.. and nothing special compared to Note 5..Agreed. Nothing special compared to Note 5. So, no need to spend another $800 or $700 again.
 I would say, N7 has come with some negligible advanced features. So gonna continue to use the Note5....; Agreed. Nothing special compared to Note 5. So, no need to spend another $800 or $700 again.; I would say, N7 has come with some negligible advanced features. So gonna continue to use the Note5....
Anonymous, 02 Aug 2016I own S7 Edge but I am going to replace it with Note 7 since I am not happy with S7 Edge at allFor me i see no big difference but for me its great to upgrade my S6 Edge plus to note 7; For me i see no big difference but for me its great to upgrade my S6 Edge plus to note 7
No ir..... screen size and ppi almost same like a note 4. I think note 4 is best option still..; No ir..... screen size and ppi almost same like a note 4. I think note 4 is best option still..
Nicks010, 03 Aug 2016My friend , this century u need IR ??? Disgusting &#128553;My Friend, you are not fully aware of IR's use.
 
 Did you know you can remote-control all your IR devices (TV, DVD, SAT, Amplifiers etc) with this nifty feature ????
 Nobody said we're gonna use it for data transfer.; My Friend, you are not fully aware of IR's use.; Did you know you can remote-control all your IR devices (TV, DVD, SAT, Amplifiers etc) with this nifty feature ????; Nobody said we're gonna use it for data transfer.
I'm disappointed, I waited eagerly 256 GB Internal with 6 GB RAM ......; I'm disappointed, I waited eagerly 256 GB Internal with 6 GB RAM ......
The 3500 mah battery being non-removable looks like somebody farting wearing a tuxedo...; The 3500 mah battery being non-removable looks like somebody farting wearing a tuxedo...
Julio, 03 Aug 2016So DISAPPOINTED !!! No 6gb ram No FM Radio Basically a s7 edge with a stylus You just ... moreagreed; agreed
Bob Rapala, 03 Aug 2016I don't want to buy this phone because.. no IR function.. and nothing special compared to Note 5..agreed; agreed
Audiaudi, 03 Aug 2016No IR blaster Cmonnnnn ... I was hd Note 4 Gusy now i used s6 edge and s7 edge ... i love note... moreagreed; agreed
Good Job Sami 
 
 Now that you have made IP68 as standard .... Now work to make the Note 8 MILT STD 810 G as standard.
 
 Screen should be 6.3 inches
 
 4500 mAh
 
 6 GB RAM; Good Job Sami; Now that you have made IP68 as standard .... Now work to make the Note 8 MILT STD 810 G as standard.; Screen should be 6.3 inches; 4500 mAh; 6 GB RAM
homeo, 02 Aug 201612MP? What a jokeHave you seen photos from the Galaxy S7?; Have you seen photos from the Galaxy S7?
My friend , this century u need IR ??? Disgusting &#128553;; My friend , this century u need IR ??? Disgusting &#128553;
USB 2.0 not 3.1.; USB 2.0 not 3.1.
At the link below 
 http://www.samsung.com/global/galaxy/galaxy-note­7/; At the link below
I don't want to buy this phone because.. no IR function.. and nothing special compared to Note 5..; I don't want to buy this phone because.. no IR function.. and nothing special compared to Note 5..
What I need to know is if there will be a new fast wireless charger that uses the USB Type-C port.; What I need to know is if there will be a new fast wireless charger that uses the USB Type-C port.
nora, 03 Aug 2016hi...which one is better..iphone or samsungDefinitely Samsung Note 7 is much better option than Iphone. Better interaction features nd nice battery backup for complete day. And the exceptional S.Pen which provides you versatility and enhance your experience. If you are not already a Note user, go for it, it will change your perspective towards smartphones.; Definitely Samsung Note 7 is much better option than Iphone. Better interaction features nd nice battery backup for complete day. And the exceptional S.Pen which provides you versatility and enhance your experience. If you are not already a Note user, go for it, it will change your perspective towards smartphones.
Does iris scanner works for those who wear glasses or contact lens? Glasses can take off easily but I don't think people that wear contact lens happily to remove whenever there is a need for scanning.; Does iris scanner works for those who wear glasses or contact lens? Glasses can take off easily but I don't think people that wear contact lens happily to remove whenever there is a need for scanning.
homeo, 02 Aug 201612MP? What a jokeits not about MP ,its all about PPI(pixel per inch).; its not about MP ,its all about PPI(pixel per inch).
asa, 03 Aug 2016why is samsung so stingy about RAM.. they manufacture ram.. this phone should be 6GB RAM.Why 6 Gb if 4GB is just perfect. Adding more specs just in the name of upgrading is not Innovation. It will reduce battery backup. Nerds just want the spec numbers high in the name of upgradation.; Why 6 Gb if 4GB is just perfect. Adding more specs just in the name of upgrading is not Innovation. It will reduce battery backup. Nerds just want the spec numbers high in the name of upgradation.
note 7video call ok(built in)????; note 7video call ok(built in)????
aa, 03 Aug 2016No 4k display sucks...it will drain your battery like hell.. I agree. Thereis no need for 4K display, Its 2K display is perfect. 4K will dry the battery. And about RAM it is fine 4GB runs perfectly well on S7 Edge. It is a beautiful handset.; I agree. Thereis no need for 4K display, Its 2K display is perfect. 4K will dry the battery. And about RAM it is fine 4GB runs perfectly well on S7 Edge. It is a beautiful handset.
No IR blaster Cmonnnnn ... I was hd Note 4 Gusy now i used s6 edge and s7 edge ... i love note series but plsss Ir blast.. Im already lost my home remote; No IR blaster Cmonnnnn ... I was hd Note 4 Gusy now i used s6 edge and s7 edge ... i love note series but plsss Ir blast.. Im already lost my home remote
anything about dual sim version?; anything about dual sim version?
I wish it had removable battery and an IR Blaster, otherwise I'll wait for the Note 8.; I wish it had removable battery and an IR Blaster, otherwise I'll wait for the Note 8.
umm
 
 even its 40 MP , it means nothing if you dont know how to fotograph well; umm; even its 40 MP , it means nothing if you dont know how to fotograph well
ithehappy, 03 Aug 201611th August I heard.Wow, I am also the happy.; Wow, I am also the happy.
Amazing!; Amazing!
so cute; so cute
homeo, 02 Aug 201612MP? What a jokethey could put a 23mp camera in it like sony but it would lag like sony and be terrible in low light. only reason why you would want more mp would be to print and blow up poster size photos and if you where that fussy you would buy a dslr camera and not use your phone! so its not a joke its actually very smart!!!!!; they could put a 23mp camera in it like sony but it would lag like sony and be terrible in low light. only reason why you would want more mp would be to print and blow up poster size photos and if you where that fussy you would buy a dslr camera and not use your phone! so its not a joke its actually very smart!!!!!
Exclusive mobile phone; Exclusive mobile phone
better display (albeit minutely), better ram (albeit slightly), better processor, better s pen, better usb, better internal and expandable storage, better durability, better security, better multimedia experience, better overall build. yep, definitely upgrading my note 4 to this. there are a couple of things i would have wanted it to have, but i guess samsung doesn't want the note line to overshadow their s line. acceptable.; better display (albeit minutely), better ram (albeit slightly), better processor, better s pen, better usb, better internal and expandable storage, better durability, better security, better multimedia experience, better overall build. yep, definitely upgrading my note 4 to this. there are a couple of things i would have wanted it to have, but i guess samsung doesn't want the note line to overshadow their s line. acceptable.
Fred 8^), 02 Aug 2016I am with you, my note 4 is the best phone out there right now! Note7 is a big disappointment,... moreAgreed; Agreed
MP is not everything of a camera''Jocker''; MP is not everything of a camera''Jocker''
homeo, 02 Aug 201612MP? What a joke12MP is more than sufficient. Even for DSLR in older days, 8MP is more than sufficient and is still sufficient. The more important factors contributing to great photo output in photography are sensor size, pixel size and aperture. Mega Pixel doesn't really matter if you don't intend to enlarge the output to giant print size.; 12MP is more than sufficient. Even for DSLR in older days, 8MP is more than sufficient and is still sufficient. The more important factors contributing to great photo output in photography are sensor size, pixel size and aperture. Mega Pixel doesn't really matter if you don't intend to enlarge the output to giant print size.
Awesome!; Awesome!
So DISAPPOINTED !!!
 No 6gb ram
 No FM Radio
 
 Basically a s7 edge with a stylus
 
 You just wasted a whole product line !; So DISAPPOINTED !!!; No 6gb ram; No FM Radio; Basically a s7 edge with a stylus; You just wasted a whole product line !
nightyknight, 03 Aug 2016When S7 edge has bigger battery than Note 7 lmaoThat's ridiculous. I hope the reason isn't the stylus, because I've never seen someone one since 2010; That's ridiculous. I hope the reason isn't the stylus, because I've never seen someone one since 2010
saab74, 02 Aug 2016BEST NOTE ever !!! -Iris/Retna scanner -mDNIe chip added, to help battery life, big battery ... moreBe note .
 Not water proof
 Just water resistant.
 Samsung service told me like that.; Be note .; Not water proof; Just water resistant.; Samsung service told me like that.
When S7 edge has bigger battery than Note 7 lmao; When S7 edge has bigger battery than Note 7 lmao
I am in love with this Note .
 When is this phone going to launch in India at what cost ?
 I sold my sony z5 pre. For this ...
 Love u Samsung.; I am in love with this Note .; When is this phone going to launch in India at what cost ?; I sold my sony z5 pre. For this ...; Love u Samsung.
Note 7 and s7 edge are same pacage. But note 7 has some extra sensor as iris and usb c and a lower battery capacity. But the price of note 7 is 950 euro and s7 edge is 620 euro. So i will go for s7 edge.; Note 7 and s7 edge are same pacage. But note 7 has some extra sensor as iris and usb c and a lower battery capacity. But the price of note 7 is 950 euro and s7 edge is 620 euro. So i will go for s7 edge.
What's the use of fingerprint scanner if there's iris scanner present already?&#128527; &#129300;; What's the use of fingerprint scanner if there's iris scanner present already?&#128527; &#129300;
Its Same as S7 Edge except iris and spen. just bigger screen.; Its Same as S7 Edge except iris and spen. just bigger screen.
im an avid fan of note series.
 
 I was just saddened for knowing the battery is still not replaceable. One thing why I love samsung over iphone is because samsung has an expandable memory and detachable battery. Though the features are quite impressive (actually a note counterpart of s7 edge), for me Note4 was still the best Note ever. 
 
 But I won't judge this phone easily. I'll be buying this one though. :); im an avid fan of note series.; I was just saddened for knowing the battery is still not replaceable. One thing why I love samsung over iphone is because samsung has an expandable memory and detachable battery. Though the features are quite impressive (actually a note counterpart of s7 edge), for me Note4 was still the best Note ever.; But I won't judge this phone easily. I'll be buying this one though. :)
Again without FM Radio . It's like a Swiss Army knife without corkscrew. Lose customers for this nonsense. It was Samsung fan but this detail leads me to buy other brands.; Again without FM Radio . It's like a Swiss Army knife without corkscrew. Lose customers for this nonsense. It was Samsung fan but this detail leads me to buy other brands.
Beam.pk, 02 Aug 2016Nothing such appealing. Same specs like S7 and S7 Edge. No IR, No Temperature Sensor, No FM, ... moreWhy sammy why? Only GG5 and Iris scanner is not enough for Note user. Please make it complete in N8. Despite complete features, it will not be called a Flagship.; Why sammy why? Only GG5 and Iris scanner is not enough for Note user. Please make it complete in N8. Despite complete features, it will not be called a Flagship.
Jack, 02 Aug 2016U clearly doesn't know much about camera, noobs, all they care about are pixelsYes i agree with you. most people care about megapixel. f/1.7, 26mm, this is awesome; Yes i agree with you. most people care about megapixel. f/1.7, 26mm, this is awesome
Tiger007, 03 Aug 2016No extra ordinary. I am using s7edge but note 7 does not give me a good reason to change my s7... moreNo 4k display sucks...it will drain your battery like hell..; No 4k display sucks...it will drain your battery like hell..
why is samsung so stingy about RAM..
 
 they manufacture ram..
 
 this phone should be 6GB RAM.; why is samsung so stingy about RAM..; they manufacture ram..; this phone should be 6GB RAM.
Jay192, 02 Aug 2016At last the Note is back in UK. There is very little between the flagship phones these days so... morehi...which one is better..iphone or samsung; hi...which one is better..iphone or samsung
I expected 6GB RAM, especially bcz of all that features. .; I expected 6GB RAM, especially bcz of all that features. .
i would rather wait for the note 6 even if they skip than note 7...; i would rather wait for the note 6 even if they skip than note 7...
my feeling in note 7 it`s ordinary i have expected that it`s Specifications going to extra about note previous categories or s7 but in my opinion it`s not done; my feeling in note 7 it`s ordinary i have expected that it`s Specifications going to extra about note previous categories or s7 but in my opinion it`s not done
F/1.7 love it!; F/1.7 love it!
vhh, 03 Aug 2016im using s7 edge now... and just bought a note 7 for $1000 from ebay.. the reason i wanted not... moreThe GN7 isn't available for pre sale atm.... either you have been scammed or your telling fibs. If you have ordered one i would cancel the sale and report the seller to ebay.; The GN7 isn't available for pre sale atm.... either you have been scammed or your telling fibs. If you have ordered one i would cancel the sale and report the seller to ebay.
im using s7 edge now... and just bought a note 7 for $1000 from ebay.. the reason i wanted note7 bcuz of Corning Gorilla Glass 5 and s pen can use as translator...; im using s7 edge now... and just bought a note 7 for $1000 from ebay.. the reason i wanted note7 bcuz of Corning Gorilla Glass 5 and s pen can use as translator...
Just another 1440p phone, very disappionting. Wait for 4K phone for great VR experience and everything else. 1440p still has screen door effect or u can still see the pixels big on vr.; Just another 1440p phone, very disappionting. Wait for 4K phone for great VR experience and everything else. 1440p still has screen door effect or u can still see the pixels big on vr.
Only drawback is no Ir blaster, front facing speakers and believe it doesn't have a DAC.; Only drawback is no Ir blaster, front facing speakers and believe it doesn't have a DAC.
No extra ordinary. I am using s7edge but note 7 does not give me a good reason to change my s7edge to note 7
 Irish scanner seriously is note 7 keeps ur billion dollars inside the phone. Fingers print is enough for security/privacy
 No 6gb Ram
 No 4k display 
 No Dual camera and no more pixels with 16:9
 And battery my s7edge is 5.5 inch with 3600MaH battery and note 7 increase screen size with 5.7 inch with 3500MaH battery brilliant Samsung.
 No i will wait for s8 edge; No extra ordinary. I am using s7edge but note 7 does not give me a good reason to change my s7edge to note 7; Irish scanner seriously is note 7 keeps ur billion dollars inside the phone. Fingers print is enough for security/privacy; No 6gb Ram; No 4k display; No Dual camera and no more pixels with 16:9; And battery my s7edge is 5.5 inch with 3600MaH battery and note 7 increase screen size with 5.7 inch with 3500MaH battery brilliant Samsung.; No i will wait for s8 edge
I told on other day Sammy will not put 6gbram now it's clear all the top brand mobile companies are monopolizing with public to generate more revenue with limited peripherals input later they will have discussion to increase one by one in all hardware components by all companies 
 
 Sheer business; I told on other day Sammy will not put 6gbram now it's clear all the top brand mobile companies are monopolizing with public to generate more revenue with limited peripherals input later they will have discussion to increase one by one in all hardware components by all companies; Sheer business
Iris scanner isn't just for unlocking your phone. Use your fingerprint for that or PIN if you wish if it makes more sense (and some people may view scanning your eyes silly).
 
 What it REALLY improves on is SECURITY for online transactions like banking, shopping, etc. because it is more secure than passwords and fingerprint. Online transactions are fast becoming a normal way of life for many people across the globe.; Iris scanner isn't just for unlocking your phone. Use your fingerprint for that or PIN if you wish if it makes more sense (and some people may view scanning your eyes silly).; What it REALLY improves on is SECURITY for online transactions like banking, shopping, etc. because it is more secure than passwords and fingerprint. Online transactions are fast becoming a normal way of life for many people across the globe.
You don't need 36mp for a phone. Aperture @ 1.7f with 26mm is one of the best if not the best in the market now.. imagine shooting it at lowlight.. Clearly you don't have an idea about camera; You don't need 36mp for a phone. Aperture @ 1.7f with 26mm is one of the best if not the best in the market now.. imagine shooting it at lowlight.. Clearly you don't have an idea about camera
Cyrus20L, 03 Aug 2016Why they keep bringing the camera down instead of leaving it on 16mp or going up... Samsung C'... moredude their camera is down but their sensors are upgrading with f/.7 apparture, and many others, photography is not how big is the camera resolution.; dude their camera is down but their sensors are upgrading with f/.7 apparture, and many others, photography is not how big is the camera resolution.
looking a great phone
 super looking
 s pen features are great; looking a great phone; super looking; s pen features are great
zolimar, 03 Aug 2016They will care, when the sales figures will go down. Apple already took their faces last year,... moreagreed; agreed
Cyrus20L, 03 Aug 2016Why they keep bringing the camera down instead of leaving it on 16mp or going up... Samsung C'... morenokia fallen like wanna be.; nokia fallen like wanna be.
I've owned the note 3 & note 4 which I liked. I held off on the note 5 because I wasn't impressed. Disappointed on the note 7 specs........... Most likely going back to iPhone 7 in September.; I've owned the note 3 & note 4 which I liked. I held off on the note 5 because I wasn't impressed. Disappointed on the note 7 specs........... Most likely going back to iPhone 7 in September.
Ahmad Rustam Amir, 03 Aug 2016Why jump frm note 5 to note 7? Why Ram 4g not to jump 6g ram?? Goodbye samsungagreed; agreed
What not 6 gb !!!!!!??????; What not 6 gb !!!!!!??????
Looks like it's nexus or bust; Looks like it's nexus or bust
Vik, 03 Aug 2016When Note 7 is avialable in India. When can we get to buy this handset in India any updates11th August I heard.; 11th August I heard.
How is the sound ? because on note 4 was terrible.; How is the sound ? because on note 4 was terrible.
F-a-t-s-o, 02 Aug 2016This phone looks like its made for Amphibians - why in this world would one need to take notes... moreCause i work outside in bad weather conditions. i wont stay underwater, but i will stand in heavy rain, take pictures and edit them on place to send them away to partners . good enough reason?; Cause i work outside in bad weather conditions. i wont stay underwater, but i will stand in heavy rain, take pictures and edit them on place to send them away to partners . good enough reason?
Why jump frm note 5 to note 7? 
 Why Ram 4g not to jump 6g ram??
 Goodbye samsung; Why jump frm note 5 to note 7?; Why Ram 4g not to jump 6g ram??; Goodbye samsung
Kind of a let down spec wise which is why I am in the Note series currently. Had a Note 2 and 4 previously and loved how they were top in the industry in terms of chip set, ram, screen resolution/size, and camera. Now with the same internals as the S7 not as enthusiastic about this phone. Was holding out to see if it was gonna get the 821 and 6gb of ram but I know cost wise would be unreasonable.; Kind of a let down spec wise which is why I am in the Note series currently. Had a Note 2 and 4 previously and loved how they were top in the industry in terms of chip set, ram, screen resolution/size, and camera. Now with the same internals as the S7 not as enthusiastic about this phone. Was holding out to see if it was gonna get the 821 and 6gb of ram but I know cost wise would be unreasonable.
Why they keep bringing the camera down instead of leaving it on 16mp or going up... Samsung C'mon there are more numbers to work on that camera 18mp 19mp 20mp. The major updates are the Onscreen options and SPen features.; Why they keep bringing the camera down instead of leaving it on 16mp or going up... Samsung C'mon there are more numbers to work on that camera 18mp 19mp 20mp. The major updates are the Onscreen options and SPen features.
best phone in the world; best phone in the world
When Note 7 is avialable in India. When can we get to buy this handset in India any updates; When Note 7 is avialable in India. When can we get to buy this handset in India any updates
homeo, 02 Aug 201612MP? What a jokeAnother noob that doesn't understand cameras.
 More MP on small mobile sensors = more noise.
 Better cameras need larger apertures and sensors. I'm happy the S7 is "only" 12MP.; Another noob that doesn't understand cameras.; More MP on small mobile sensors = more noise.; Better cameras need larger apertures and sensors. I'm happy the S7 is "only" 12MP.
snagarwal, 02 Aug 2016wow 64 gb only....worst to buy note 7.....no change...better than the GN5 which is still only offering my country 32GB... oh the GN7 also takes 256GB sd card.... should be ample.; better than the GN5 which is still only offering my country 32GB... oh the GN7 also takes 256GB sd card.... should be ample.
All of these nubs commenting on 12MP don't know what they're talking about.. Greatly specced phone and camera is probably also great thanks to larger pixel size (so heaps good in low light); All of these nubs commenting on 12MP don't know what they're talking about.. Greatly specced phone and camera is probably also great thanks to larger pixel size (so heaps good in low light)
homeo, 02 Aug 201612MP? What a jokewe've already been through this with the S7. Stop being an ignorant dolt and educate yourself on how cameras work; we've already been through this with the S7. Stop being an ignorant dolt and educate yourself on how cameras work
Buds, 02 Aug 2016Nobody cares. They will care, when the sales figures will go down. Apple already took their faces last year, but they will continue to do so the next upcoming years as well as Samsung does not invent anymore, they FOLLOW apple. :-) shame Samsung, shame DJ; They will care, when the sales figures will go down. Apple already took their faces last year, but they will continue to do so the next upcoming years as well as Samsung does not invent anymore, they FOLLOW apple. :-) shame Samsung, shame DJ
Sorry Samsung, you made the same mistake as Apple - non removable battery - this is an absolute No-Go. The few minutes of battery life you gain with this is nothing compared to the risk of a not 100% powered off SmartPhone.; Sorry Samsung, you made the same mistake as Apple - non removable battery - this is an absolute No-Go. The few minutes of battery life you gain with this is nothing compared to the risk of a not 100% powered off SmartPhone.
no tv out.; no tv out.
Anonymous, 02 Aug 2016because every note generation was based on the s model of that year: note 1 is based on s2, no... moreIf note series is based on s series than why we need note series we already have s series than y note series?; If note series is based on s series than why we need note series we already have s series than y note series?
They skipped number 6 for no reason!! They are afraid from Apple and iPhone lol.; They skipped number 6 for no reason!! They are afraid from Apple and iPhone lol.
amik, 02 Aug 2016samsung and apple making people fool, all products are same (note 7 and s7 edge) only change t... moreI've got the Samsung j5 cheap and cheerful 5 inch screen 13 megapixel camera s7 8 megapixel camera my phone to bye 140 quid s7 around 450 quid samsung note 7 may be more never mind jay; I've got the Samsung j5 cheap and cheerful 5 inch screen 13 megapixel camera s7 8 megapixel camera my phone to bye 140 quid s7 around 450 quid samsung note 7 may be more never mind jay
Anonymous, 02 Aug 2016Don't understand why this phone is almost the same as the S7 Edge. You would think that the No... moreThe battery on the S7 is bigger than that of the one in the Note 7. Lol.; The battery on the S7 is bigger than that of the one in the Note 7. Lol.
At last the Note is back in UK. There is very little between the flagship phones these days so I think it comes down to aesthetic preference. For me, by the looks of things, the Note 7 is an absolute work of art! Up there with the Iphone flagships. I am one of the people who loves the S Pen, used it regularly on the Note 4. I will definitely be ordering this on Aug 16th. I also own an IPhone 6s, but I have a feeling that this phone might cause some worrying moments over at Apple prior to Iphone 7 launch.; At last the Note is back in UK. There is very little between the flagship phones these days so I think it comes down to aesthetic preference. For me, by the looks of things, the Note 7 is an absolute work of art! Up there with the Iphone flagships. I am one of the people who loves the S Pen, used it regularly on the Note 4. I will definitely be ordering this on Aug 16th. I also own an IPhone 6s, but I have a feeling that this phone might cause some worrying moments over at Apple prior to Iphone 7 launch.
Don't understand why this phone is almost the same as the S7 Edge. You would think that the Note Line would have better internals than the S Line. Would've been nice to see this have a 6GB Ram instead. Difference between the two would be a .2" larger screen, iris scanner, & S Pen.; Don't understand why this phone is almost the same as the S7 Edge. You would think that the Note Line would have better internals than the S Line. Would've been nice to see this have a 6GB Ram instead. Difference between the two would be a .2" larger screen, iris scanner, & S Pen.
Very very very very good job Samsung Samsung alway the way; Very very very very good job Samsung Samsung alway the way
Curved screen on note.. :(.. Now after few months Samsung may launch note7 with flat screen variant.; Curved screen on note.. :(.. Now after few months Samsung may launch note7 with flat screen variant.
Nothing such appealing. Same specs like S7 and S7 Edge. No IR, No Temperature Sensor, No FM, What's New...? Same RAM 4GB like Note5. Samsung making fool. In one models they remove Waterproof, sd card and in next they bring back. Same design ... So bad.; Nothing such appealing. Same specs like S7 and S7 Edge. No IR, No Temperature Sensor, No FM, What's New...? Same RAM 4GB like Note5. Samsung making fool. In one models they remove Waterproof, sd card and in next they bring back. Same design ... So bad.
homeo, 02 Aug 201612MP? What a jokeU clearly doesn't know much about camera, noobs, all they care about are pixels; U clearly doesn't know much about camera, noobs, all they care about are pixels
12MP? What a joke; 12MP? What a joke
BEST NOTE ever !!!
 -Iris/Retna scanner
 -mDNIe chip added, to help battery life, big battery not needed
 -100GB free cloud storage with note 7, comes with 64gb local storage
 -S pen does word translations and now waterproof
 
 Love it; BEST NOTE ever !!!; -Iris/Retna scanner; -mDNIe chip added, to help battery life, big battery not needed; -100GB free cloud storage with note 7, comes with 64gb local storage; -S pen does word translations and now waterproof; Love it
Equinox Hydroid, 02 Aug 2016who has S7 edge will never think to get this one! its all about s-pen onlyI own S7 Edge but I am going to replace it with Note 7 since I am not happy with S7 Edge at all; I own S7 Edge but I am going to replace it with Note 7 since I am not happy with S7 Edge at all
There was a time when there was a tablet and a phone and later came along a note people called it a phablet. Note 7 just demoted that to phonote. A note more like a phone. A width like a phone and length like a note.; There was a time when there was a tablet and a phone and later came along a note people called it a phablet. Note 7 just demoted that to phonote. A note more like a phone. A width like a phone and length like a note.
The battery make me disappointed,they can keep it,I will go with huawei; The battery make me disappointed,they can keep it,I will go with huawei
s7 edge user, 02 Aug 2016was going to upgrade to note 7 from s7 edge. It is sad to see that note 7 is the same thing pl... morewho has S7 edge will never think to get this one! its all about s-pen only; who has S7 edge will never think to get this one! its all about s-pen only
Is This Kinda Joke or what
 they said it was 6 gb ram + 4000mah battery 
 and now
 4gb and 3500 mah battery
 s7 edge has more battery life than this; Is This Kinda Joke or what; they said it was 6 gb ram + 4000mah battery; and now; 4gb and 3500 mah battery; s7 edge has more battery life than this
wow 64 gb only....worst to buy note 7.....no change...; wow 64 gb only....worst to buy note 7.....no change...
The Note 4 was my first and last Note. I love it but without the removeable battery (and SD card in case of the Note 5) the Note series just doesn't have the same appeal for me.; The Note 4 was my first and last Note. I love it but without the removeable battery (and SD card in case of the Note 5) the Note series just doesn't have the same appeal for me.
wow Samsung... Perhaps this is the first time(year) that the Note model is WORSE than the S model.... 7 months later and no hardware upgrade! Huge Disappointment! boooo; wow Samsung... Perhaps this is the first time(year) that the Note model is WORSE than the S model.... 7 months later and no hardware upgrade! Huge Disappointment! boooo
Samsung bad work 
 Still have s7 edge spec 
 Dislike i think lg g5 Htc 10 is better; Samsung bad work; Still have s7 edge spec; Dislike i think lg g5 Htc 10 is better
2016 and still they can't beat Nokia's camera technology, still sensor size is 2.6" lolz, I don't know why people let down NOKIA.. :(; 2016 and still they can't beat Nokia's camera technology, still sensor size is 2.6" lolz, I don't know why people let down NOKIA.. :(
was going to upgrade to note 7 from s7 edge. It is sad to see that note 7 is the same thing plus spen. disappointed...; was going to upgrade to note 7 from s7 edge. It is sad to see that note 7 is the same thing plus spen. disappointed...
Samsung should give 16 mp camera option like last year version why they always decreased; Samsung should give 16 mp camera option like last year version why they always decreased
Fred 8^), 02 Aug 2016I am with you, my note 4 is the best phone out there right now! Note7 is a big disappointment,... moreYou guys are not the only ones out there, sadly samsung decided to shift their consumers target for note phones, stripping the phablet from many of its cool features such as ir blaster and removable battery as if such features would lower the phone's "prestige" facing the iphone will eventually have original note users shift to a different phone altogether.; You guys are not the only ones out there, sadly samsung decided to shift their consumers target for note phones, stripping the phablet from many of its cool features such as ir blaster and removable battery as if such features would lower the phone's "prestige" facing the iphone will eventually have original note users shift to a different phone altogether.
sluc87, 02 Aug 2016your are wise. very true. Yes it's all Samsung product is same Samsung is fake always say 4GM ram this and that , I even used s5 , s6 edge plus, note 5, s7 it's all heaven slow after fees days download 3-4 games hang all Samsung same Samsung is like; Yes it's all Samsung product is same Samsung is fake always say 4GM ram this and that , I even used s5 , s6 edge plus, note 5, s7 it's all heaven slow after fees days download 3-4 games hang all Samsung same Samsung is like
Allahyar, 02 Aug 2016So Where is The Galaxy Note 6 ????Why Samsung Jumped on the note 7 at once???they actually skipped the 6 because they didn't want people to think it was an outdated model. kind of stupid in my opinion, espescially since it isn't quite on point with the S series...; they actually skipped the 6 because they didn't want people to think it was an outdated model. kind of stupid in my opinion, espescially since it isn't quite on point with the S series...
september 2024: iPhone 10s is launched with iris scanner. Apple: "Revolutionary iris scanner for the best smartphone security.; september 2024: iPhone 10s is launched with iris scanner. Apple: "Revolutionary iris scanner for the best smartphone security.
amik, 02 Aug 2016samsung and apple making people fool, all products are same (note 7 and s7 edge) only change t... moreYes you right Samsung just say 4 GB ram this and Taft but actually who knows what they put inside I even used s5 note 5 s6 edge plus S7 all became slow hang and download 3-4 games became slow; Yes you right Samsung just say 4 GB ram this and Taft but actually who knows what they put inside I even used s5 note 5 s6 edge plus S7 all became slow hang and download 3-4 games became slow
Waiting from a month but disappointed after see specification of this nothing new a little upgrade of note 5; Waiting from a month but disappointed after see specification of this nothing new a little upgrade of note 5
Anonymous, 02 Aug 2016The note series should over shadow the s series not copy it. Bit of a letdown . I'm sure the p... morebattery is the same size as s7 edge, actually; battery is the same size as s7 edge, actually
Why didn't they put in a sd821; Why didn't they put in a sd821
Yes! Samsung Pay (Visa, MasterCard certified) is back from Note 5 and so is the 64GB internal storage of Note 5.
 Fast charging, wireless charging, premium glass back, 5MP front camera, faster fingerprint sensor of the Note 5 are here again!; Yes! Samsung Pay (Visa, MasterCard certified) is back from Note 5 and so is the 64GB internal storage of Note 5.; Fast charging, wireless charging, premium glass back, 5MP front camera, faster fingerprint sensor of the Note 5 are here again!
I wish soon,apple makes a new iphone with an iris scanner.; I wish soon,apple makes a new iphone with an iris scanner.
I am finding it difficult to come to terms with what I am seeing. A Note less than 3 inches width. It is against the whole idea of Note series. How would it be different from S7 then.; I am finding it difficult to come to terms with what I am seeing. A Note less than 3 inches width. It is against the whole idea of Note series. How would it be different from S7 then.
Eksa, 02 Aug 2016Both Note 4 and Note 5 looks better than this. Black and flat prototype which they didn't re... moreS-Pen not Stylus.; S-Pen not Stylus.
Allahyar, 02 Aug 2016So Where is The Galaxy Note 6 ????Why Samsung Jumped on the note 7 at once???because every note generation was based on the s model of that year: note 1 is based on s2, note 2 on s3, note 3 on s4, note 4 on s5, note 5 on s6. now they aligned the numbers, to be clear that note 7 is based on s7; because every note generation was based on the s model of that year: note 1 is based on s2, note 2 on s3, note 3 on s4, note 4 on s5, note 5 on s6. now they aligned the numbers, to be clear that note 7 is based on s7
JMoney, 02 Aug 2016I have been a little disappointed on everything after the Note 4...in my opinion, the Note 4 w... moreI am with you, my note 4 is the best phone out there right now! Note7 is a big disappointment, I was expecting an 823 processor and a flat display. It took them a year to put the sd card back. I guess I will wait for the note8. Hey, I could buy 2 note 4's for the price of a note7. Just incase mine gets damaged. 8^); I am with you, my note 4 is the best phone out there right now! Note7 is a big disappointment, I was expecting an 823 processor and a flat display. It took them a year to put the sd card back. I guess I will wait for the note8. Hey, I could buy 2 note 4's for the price of a note7. Just incase mine gets damaged. 8^)
amik, 02 Aug 2016samsung and apple making people fool, all products are same (note 7 and s7 edge) only change t... moreyour are wise. very true.; your are wise. very true.
amik, 02 Aug 2016samsung and apple making people fool, all products are same (note 7 and s7 edge) only change t... morelol, nice joke; lol, nice joke
Eksa, 02 Aug 2016Both Note 4 and Note 5 looks better than this. Black and flat prototype which they didn't re... morecurved display is for the design, you tasteless red__ck and the curved zone is very short, you do not need it to draw anything with the pen in that zone; curved display is for the design, you tasteless red__ck and the curved zone is very short, you do not need it to draw anything with the pen in that zone
Definitely, 02 Aug 2016N 7 Edge has not changed a bit from S 7 edge, but downgraded n battery, but with bigger screen... moreNote series isn't the successor of the S series!; Note series isn't the successor of the S series!
samsung and apple making people fool, all products are same (note 7 and s7 edge) only change the numbers of ram or cors , who knows whats inside? only lg, huiwaie , lenovo and google nexus is try to do something out of the box.; samsung and apple making people fool, all products are same (note 7 and s7 edge) only change the numbers of ram or cors , who knows whats inside? only lg, huiwaie , lenovo and google nexus is try to do something out of the box.
Both Note 4 and Note 5 looks better than this. 
 Black and flat prototype which they didn't release is way better than this one.
 By the way whats the point to put edge screen on a phone with stylus???; Both Note 4 and Note 5 looks better than this.; Black and flat prototype which they didn't release is way better than this one.; By the way whats the point to put edge screen on a phone with stylus???
afnan21, 02 Aug 2016big disappointment i was eagerly waited but no new feature :(Only new feature i saw was the iris scanner. I'm bummed as well bc of the ram. :(; Only new feature i saw was the iris scanner. I'm bummed as well bc of the ram. :(
I have been a little disappointed on everything after the Note 4...in my opinion, the Note 4 was the best of the best. Im typing on it right now, acts just like new. I love the removeable battery, I pop in new ones when it dies and Im not around a charger. I love the IR Blaster (its my remote for all my tvs), I love the flat surface (some people just arent huge on a curved screen) , and I have only seen these things being taken away. The battery is not much of an improvement from the Note 4,if it was around 4000mAh like rumored then I would be fine with it. my camera is a 16MP one, I have an IR Blaster,fingerprint scanner, S Pen, batteries, fast charging (wired), a great camera, flat surface, all I could want. I have always been excited about seeing the new phones to and what crazy new things will be brough forward, but it appears Samaung is taking away more than they bring. This may be another year without an upgrade..; I have been a little disappointed on everything after the Note 4...in my opinion, the Note 4 was the best of the best. Im typing on it right now, acts just like new. I love the removeable battery, I pop in new ones when it dies and Im not around a charger. I love the IR Blaster (its my remote for all my tvs), I love the flat surface (some people just arent huge on a curved screen) , and I have only seen these things being taken away. The battery is not much of an improvement from the Note 4,if it was around 4000mAh like rumored then I would be fine with it. my camera is a 16MP one, I have an IR Blaster,fingerprint scanner, S Pen, batteries, fast charging (wired), a great camera, flat surface, all I could want. I have always been excited about seeing the new phones to and what crazy new things will be brough forward, but it appears Samaung is taking away more than they bring. This may be another year without an upgrade..
what a waste of time Samsung has lost tech engineers ,maybe should hire in order to retire the tired ones. reparation is waste of time coz i hoped for something more techy. so lets wait for other brands for advanced smartphones.sorry sam u loose.; what a waste of time Samsung has lost tech engineers ,maybe should hire in order to retire the tired ones. reparation is waste of time coz i hoped for something more techy. so lets wait for other brands for advanced smartphones.sorry sam u loose.
N 7 Edge has not changed a bit from S 7 edge, but downgraded n battery, but with bigger screen. It is now evident IPhone 7 too will be a super facial change. Both trend setters gave got Short of innovation, 2016 be stagnant. Nxt year start of 4k screen resolution doubled. Wait don't jump as Nothing can't be charged, but prices reduced by 4th Qtr; N 7 Edge has not changed a bit from S 7 edge, but downgraded n battery, but with bigger screen. It is now evident IPhone 7 too will be a super facial change. Both trend setters gave got Short of innovation, 2016 be stagnant. Nxt year start of 4k screen resolution doubled. Wait don't jump as Nothing can't be charged, but prices reduced by 4th Qtr
So Where is The Galaxy Note 6 ????Why Samsung Jumped on the note 7 at once???; So Where is The Galaxy Note 6 ????Why Samsung Jumped on the note 7 at once???
big disappointment i was eagerly waited but no new feature :(; big disappointment i was eagerly waited but no new feature :(
[deleted post]Samsung has under clocked it for better battery life.; Samsung has under clocked it for better battery life.
...they thought samsung as their same level to put 6gb ram to use in mobile phone..what for idiot?? rumor always can trick your mind and youll get hyped..for now im patiently for S8edge,hope smthing big will hit us; ...they thought samsung as their same level to put 6gb ram to use in mobile phone..what for idiot?? rumor always can trick your mind and youll get hyped..for now im patiently for S8edge,hope smthing big will hit us
ROCKKO, 02 Aug 2016Disapointing really!!! each time shamesung disapoint us ..we want 6gb ram and a flat version w... moreagree fully..i am really tickedd there is no flat version; agree fully..i am really tickedd there is no flat version
This phone looks like its made for Amphibians - why in this world would one need to take notes under water? It boggles the mind why phone manufacturers focus on gimmicky features instead of useful stuff like battery and handling? This idea of just pushing girly features to people is bullish. Why do we need an iris scanner that a fingerprint cannot? Because a finger can get wet? thought the phone is said to be water resistant. So if the fingerprint scanner gets wet, it doesn't work? I am seeing a gradual convergence of the Note and S series here. No more difference! This phone is simply a repackaged S7, nothing ground breaking here.; This phone looks like its made for Amphibians - why in this world would one need to take notes under water? It boggles the mind why phone manufacturers focus on gimmicky features instead of useful stuff like battery and handling? This idea of just pushing girly features to people is bullish. Why do we need an iris scanner that a fingerprint cannot? Because a finger can get wet? thought the phone is said to be water resistant. So if the fingerprint scanner gets wet, it doesn't work? I am seeing a gradual convergence of the Note and S series here. No more difference! This phone is simply a repackaged S7, nothing ground breaking here.
[deleted post]Many problems with LG devices they should first be careful i got LG3 after three month screen start to show orange color then i got LG 4 and after one month mother bord is down; Many problems with LG devices they should first be careful i got LG3 after three month screen start to show orange color then i got LG 4 and after one month mother bord is down
For most users there is nil difference between 4 and 6Gb of ram..
 If anyone can list a normal use scenario that it could possibly benefit, I'm listening...
 
 Anyone who understands hardware, 6Gb is a detriment rather than a positive.. either the chips suck extra juice, or are generally slower speed.
 The ram in a phone, clocked faster, is a benefit to ALL programs.. having large amounts of ram running at high speed isn't good for battery life.
 
 Designing buses to interface with weird amounts of ram, sure.. but for a phone that doesn't have some triple chip memory access, 4Gb is as high end as a phone could reasonably want to go.
 Developers, sure, might have a need, as working version of software in development can have memory leaks; and likely that phone would be on wall power...
 Users,.. who would want that unoptimised software on their device that would use that much ram?
 
 Smaller high speed ram is much better!
 
 Back in the video card days where two models existed, one with more ram, one with smaller (but faster ram), the faster ram yielded more frames per second every time.
 
 Ram can only make a device 'faster' if the usage demands more and we have hit a wall,.. 
 when we run out of ram, unused apps get dropped from ram, whilst the new stuff gets loaded in,.. faster ram clears and loads quicker in this scenario.
 
 I have always opted for less ram that runs quicker, and it has always met my needs.
 I am the sort of user who will happily keep fifty webpages open across three different browsers.
 Photoshopping large 'raw' files might need a machine with more ram than the standard (windows desktop), assuming the user wants to leave tonnes of webpages open at the same time.
 Windows desktop likes a lot of ram itself.
 
 This is a phone operating system, designed for trivial amounts of ram..
 Android 4 was designed to cache programs into ram just in case a user might want them, perhaps saving a hitch/ half second to load a program on first use.
 So when we have seen our 2Gb ram phones 80% used, it isn't because we are actually using it..
 
 Faster ram chips is preferable every time. The best chips are usually very expensive.
 4Gb is insane amounts for consumer phone use.
 I would have been annoyed if this phone had 6Gb and would have lost most interest in it, as it would have shown poor design, and just an interest to 'look good on paper'.; For most users there is nil difference between 4 and 6Gb of ram..; If anyone can list a normal use scenario that it could possibly benefit, I'm listening...; Anyone who understands hardware, 6Gb is a detriment rather than a positive.. either the chips suck extra juice, or are generally slower speed.; The ram in a phone, clocked faster, is a benefit to ALL programs.. having large amounts of ram running at high speed isn't good for battery life.; Designing buses to interface with weird amounts of ram, sure.. but for a phone that doesn't have some triple chip memory access, 4Gb is as high end as a phone could reasonably want to go.; Developers, sure, might have a need, as working version of software in development can have memory leaks; and likely that phone would be on wall power...; Users,.. who would want that unoptimised software on their device that would use that much ram?; Smaller high speed ram is much better!; Back in the video card days where two models existed, one with more ram, one with smaller (but faster ram), the faster ram yielded more frames per second every time.; Ram can only make a device 'faster' if the usage demands more and we have hit a wall,..; when we run out of ram, unused apps get dropped from ram, whilst the new stuff gets loaded in,.. faster ram clears and loads quicker in this scenario.; I have always opted for less ram that runs quicker, and it has always met my needs.; I am the sort of user who will happily keep fifty webpages open across three different browsers.; Photoshopping large 'raw' files might need a machine with more ram than the standard (windows desktop), assuming the user wants to leave tonnes of webpages open at the same time.; Windows desktop likes a lot of ram itself.; This is a phone operating system, designed for trivial amounts of ram..; Android 4 was designed to cache programs into ram just in case a user might want them, perhaps saving a hitch/ half second to load a program on first use.; So when we have seen our 2Gb ram phones 80% used, it isn't because we are actually using it..; Faster ram chips is preferable every time. The best chips are usually very expensive.; 4Gb is insane amounts for consumer phone use.; I would have been annoyed if this phone had 6Gb and would have lost most interest in it, as it would have shown poor design, and just an interest to 'look good on paper'.
H.R. LIPTON , 02 Aug 2016note 7 is note,there is no alternative phone like that. yes there is ,,,the chineese phone made by hawie,,something like that..will have a note..and flat screen..that is the one i am getting..hate curved screen; yes there is ,,,the chineese phone made by hawie,,something like that..will have a note..and flat screen..that is the one i am getting..hate curved screen
just another 7 edge...i hate the curved screen....i have the note 4, and was praying samsung would provide a flat screen..bye bye samsung; just another 7 edge...i hate the curved screen....i have the note 4, and was praying samsung would provide a flat screen..bye bye samsung
the note 7 is plain stupid , why coz as a note user, i can tell that the most important thing note users care about is the power of note series, it always had the most powerful chip sets screens ram even the biggest battery but now samsung thinks the pen it why people care about, i have my note 3 for like 3 years now and i don't use the s pen and i wont use it on the note 5 either, the note 7 is a big disappointment to me , 3500mhm battery instead of 4000 or 4200 only 4gb of ram instead of 6 or 8 snapdragon 820 instead of 823 and not even a one improvement for the screen or cameras i'm not asking for more resolution but they could have tweaked some small things and why samsung never make a better speakers ? or sound quality in general ugh i wanna kick the asses of samsung's designers 
 and last but not least i think gsm arena made a mistake with the specs of the phone the camers sensor is 1/ 2.5 " not 2.6; the note 7 is plain stupid , why coz as a note user, i can tell that the most important thing note users care about is the power of note series, it always had the most powerful chip sets screens ram even the biggest battery but now samsung thinks the pen it why people care about, i have my note 3 for like 3 years now and i don't use the s pen and i wont use it on the note 5 either, the note 7 is a big disappointment to me , 3500mhm battery instead of 4000 or 4200 only 4gb of ram instead of 6 or 8 snapdragon 820 instead of 823 and not even a one improvement for the screen or cameras i'm not asking for more resolution but they could have tweaked some small things and why samsung never make a better speakers ? or sound quality in general ugh i wanna kick the asses of samsung's designers; and last but not least i think gsm arena made a mistake with the specs of the phone the camers sensor is 1/ 2.5 " not 2.6
Disappointing. Been waiting for this for a long while but they didn't deliver. No new processor, no dual camera, only 4GB RAM, not even the 3800 battery. No fizz...; Disappointing. Been waiting for this for a long while but they didn't deliver. No new processor, no dual camera, only 4GB RAM, not even the 3800 battery. No fizz...
Cannot believe his is smaller than my Vodafone smart ultra 6 ,,unbelievable,, absolute masterpiece of engineering.; Cannot believe his is smaller than my Vodafone smart ultra 6 ,,unbelievable,, absolute masterpiece of engineering.
No user-replaceable battery = not interested.
 
 On a daily basis an external battery pack may keep you going but do nothing to fix the fact that, after a year or so of aggressive use, lithium batteries lose a lot of their performance. I am not willing to buy a device that I need to send to a third party for a repair.; No user-replaceable battery = not interested.; On a daily basis an external battery pack may keep you going but do nothing to fix the fact that, after a year or so of aggressive use, lithium batteries lose a lot of their performance. I am not willing to buy a device that I need to send to a third party for a repair.
I think note7 is the best smart phone in the world but I like to have a Galaxy note with support of project tango; I think note7 is the best smart phone in the world but I like to have a Galaxy note with support of project tango
Samsung found secret formula for making Note series...
 You take first one of S series phone...
 You pack a Drilling machine...
 Make a hole under the phone...
 Find a pen...
 Write some software of it...
 Oulaaa
 You have Brillant New Note...
 
 God damn you samsung...; Samsung found secret formula for making Note series...; You take first one of S series phone...; You pack a Drilling machine...; Make a hole under the phone...; Find a pen...; Write some software of it...; Oulaaa; You have Brillant New Note...; God damn you samsung...
I think Galaxy note7 is the best smart phone in the world but I like to have a Galaxy note eight support of project tango; I think Galaxy note7 is the best smart phone in the world but I like to have a Galaxy note eight support of project tango
Alien , 02 Aug 2016Pfff.. Only 4Gb RAM.. No Snapdragon 823.. How is this better than the S7 or S7 Edge? And d... moreIf you don't want an s-pen, go right ahead.
 Note design is clear in its use,.. this is the next one, and is waterproof.
 
 Excellent.; If you don't want an s-pen, go right ahead.; Note design is clear in its use,.. this is the next one, and is waterproof.; Excellent.
Only 4gb RAM??? 
 No ir blaster???
 Why!!!; Only 4gb RAM???; No ir blaster???; Why!!!
Anonymous, 02 Aug 2016The note series should over shadow the s series not copy it. Bit of a letdown . I'm sure the p... moreNote is for s-pen users.
 
 The tech is fine.
 
 Well done Sammy.
 (I like the optional keyboard, lack of IR blaster my only negative,.. maybe some trick software can make the iris scanner the IR blaster..? ); Note is for s-pen users.; The tech is fine.; Well done Sammy.; (I like the optional keyboard, lack of IR blaster my only negative,.. maybe some trick software can make the iris scanner the IR blaster..? )
Why Samsung always do that!
 They do not make a huge step in hardware specifications
 they could put a 6 GB instead of 4 GB
 no any new thing on screen its the same as note 5! why?
 the phone get lighter than Note 5 but not thinner! why?!
 i expected that if they move from 5 to 7, they will also make a huge step in hardware specification too, since other companies start to give a better hardware than this and will do that in the next days soon, but Samsung didn't!
 and above that, for me the only thing that would make me never consider to have a note 7 is the glass!
 What about a metal note?! it would be amazing with a stylus... :); Why Samsung always do that!; They do not make a huge step in hardware specifications; they could put a 6 GB instead of 4 GB; no any new thing on screen its the same as note 5! why?; the phone get lighter than Note 5 but not thinner! why?!; i expected that if they move from 5 to 7, they will also make a huge step in hardware specification too, since other companies start to give a better hardware than this and will do that in the next days soon, but Samsung didn't!; and above that, for me the only thing that would make me never consider to have a note 7 is the glass!; What about a metal note?! it would be amazing with a stylus... :)
note 7 is note,there is no alternative phone like that.; note 7 is note,there is no alternative phone like that.
Second phone in the Note line which doesn't have an IR blaster. Could someone from Samsung explain us why? I am addicted to that feature since the Note 3.; Second phone in the Note line which doesn't have an IR blaster. Could someone from Samsung explain us why? I am addicted to that feature since the Note 3.
The note series should over shadow the s series not copy it. Bit of a letdown . I'm sure the phone is great but slight upgrades won't be enough to make people change. Why is the battery smaller than the s7edge when the note is larger and has a bigger screen to power. No ir blaster of radio; The note series should over shadow the s series not copy it. Bit of a letdown . I'm sure the phone is great but slight upgrades won't be enough to make people change. Why is the battery smaller than the s7edge when the note is larger and has a bigger screen to power. No ir blaster of radio
Pfff..
 Only 4Gb RAM..
 No Snapdragon 823..
 How is this better than the S7 or S7 Edge?
 And don't give me that iris bs cos I won't buy it specially because it has that.
 Looks like I'm going to wait for the next Sony with Snapdragon 823.; Pfff..; Only 4Gb RAM..; No Snapdragon 823..; How is this better than the S7 or S7 Edge?; And don't give me that iris bs cos I won't buy it specially because it has that.; Looks like I'm going to wait for the next Sony with Snapdragon 823.
Zanche, 02 Aug 2016Common guys, if you are disappointed it is because of the rumours and leaks that gave too high... moredont bother..I'm actually enjoying the negative comments...the Note 7 is an improvement over it's predecessor where it counts. As an owner of an S7 edge I'll still be waiting for reviews before thinking about purchasing it; dont bother..I'm actually enjoying the negative comments...the Note 7 is an improvement over it's predecessor where it counts. As an owner of an S7 edge I'll still be waiting for reviews before thinking about purchasing it
U know it's funny. Samsung could have used a snap 820 and say the put an 823 and everybody would be ok with it as long as there is a change in the numbers. The thing that makes the note 7 better than the s7 edge is its added features, you won't get those on an s7,thats what you pay the extra for plus a bigger screen. If the processor is already plenty powerful enough all they need to focus on is the experience, look at the lg V10, doesn't have the most powerful processor but still an awesome flagship, giv the phone a chance before you hate on it...; U know it's funny. Samsung could have used a snap 820 and say the put an 823 and everybody would be ok with it as long as there is a change in the numbers. The thing that makes the note 7 better than the s7 edge is its added features, you won't get those on an s7,thats what you pay the extra for plus a bigger screen. If the processor is already plenty powerful enough all they need to focus on is the experience, look at the lg V10, doesn't have the most powerful processor but still an awesome flagship, giv the phone a chance before you hate on it...
vijay , 02 Aug 2016note7 pro have 6gb ram and 4000mhin your dream; in your dream
Wow speed lte cat12 that other never have it"s so lovely; Wow speed lte cat12 that other never have it"s so lovely
3.5 mm jack is present, the screen size remains same at 5.7" ok that is good. I will definitely get the note 7. The s7 edge has no stylus so will skip it.; 3.5 mm jack is present, the screen size remains same at 5.7" ok that is good. I will definitely get the note 7. The s7 edge has no stylus so will skip it.
zolimar, 02 Aug 2016VERY disappointed! I am a huge Samsung fan. I had almost all their flagships, especially Note ... moreNobody cares.; Nobody cares.
Waiting for mate 9. Metal body... Note 7 is still beautiful though. But i think mate 9 will be much more tempting.. &#128522;; Waiting for mate 9. Metal body... Note 7 is still beautiful though. But i think mate 9 will be much more tempting.. &#128522;
6 GB ram ??; 6 GB ram ??
Note 7...curve edge...with large battery...better than iphone...wow..will go for this one...no iphone...; Note 7...curve edge...with large battery...better than iphone...wow..will go for this one...no iphone...
Common guys, if you are disappointed it is because of the rumours and leaks that gave too high specs. The note 7 is ok not great but better than the note 5. Sd card is back and the battery capacity is good.
 Those comparing the note 7 to the s7 edge don't want the stylus. In all it is the best note after the note 4.; Common guys, if you are disappointed it is because of the rumours and leaks that gave too high specs. The note 7 is ok not great but better than the note 5. Sd card is back and the battery capacity is good.; Those comparing the note 7 to the s7 edge don't want the stylus. In all it is the best note after the note 4.
note 7 no fm radio , no ir blaster , no removable battery; note 7 no fm radio , no ir blaster , no removable battery
Nipun, 02 Aug 2016Because of some unaware people, they think iphone 7, galaxy S7 so surely note 6 must be one y... morethere is no note 6, einstein; there is no note 6, einstein
VERY disappointed! I am a huge Samsung fan. I had almost all their flagships, especially Note family and S lineup, of course smartwatch (Gear S), but this unpacked left me with a huge disappointment. Beside the IRIS scanner and a few sarcastic comments to apple's address (like in the last unpacked) NOTHING!!! Really Samsung, that's all you got??? I was 10x more excited when apple launched the IOS10, you could've seen more features in a simple free OS update than on Samsung's new flagship phone. And yes I have never seen a comment in an apple event to Samsung what's so ever, they are focusing on their product not on highlighting a difference compared to the competitor, but when Samsung doesn't have to show something than...Thanks Samsung for the decision to go with IPhone 7 and their new apple watch 2. Apple rulz!!!!; VERY disappointed! I am a huge Samsung fan. I had almost all their flagships, especially Note family and S lineup, of course smartwatch (Gear S), but this unpacked left me with a huge disappointment. Beside the IRIS scanner and a few sarcastic comments to apple's address (like in the last unpacked) NOTHING!!! Really Samsung, that's all you got??? I was 10x more excited when apple launched the IOS10, you could've seen more features in a simple free OS update than on Samsung's new flagship phone. And yes I have never seen a comment in an apple event to Samsung what's so ever, they are focusing on their product not on highlighting a difference compared to the competitor, but when Samsung doesn't have to show something than...Thanks Samsung for the decision to go with IPhone 7 and their new apple watch 2. Apple rulz!!!!
Everything perfect upgrade for my Note 5 hardware and software perfect for now, Samsung you can take my money &#128536;&#129303;; Everything perfect upgrade for my Note 5 hardware and software perfect for now, Samsung you can take my money &#128536;&#129303;
nice123, 02 Aug 2016Samsung has promised free storage space? How many GB?15GB on Samsung Cloud; 15GB on Samsung Cloud
nice123, 02 Aug 2016Samsung has promised free storage space? How many GB?15 gb.; 15 gb.
debiit, 02 Aug 2016why not launched galaxy note 6 ?Because of some unaware people, they think iphone 7, galaxy S7 so surely note 6 must be one year older model. This effects the overall sale percentage.; Because of some unaware people, they think iphone 7, galaxy S7 so surely note 6 must be one year older model. This effects the overall sale percentage.
Where is the IR Blaster??; Where is the IR Blaster??
It's just s7 edge plus with s Pen....will wait till September for LG V20.; It's just s7 edge plus with s Pen....will wait till September for LG V20.
Great note 7; Great note 7
Samsung has promised free storage space?
 How many GB?; Samsung has promised free storage space?; How many GB?
I will wait iphone 7 plus; I will wait iphone 7 plus
I think the real mobile breakthroughs are coming to a halt and the note 7 is the last evidence to support that theory...; I think the real mobile breakthroughs are coming to a halt and the note 7 is the last evidence to support that theory...
Kinda disappointed with the presentation he said biggest battery available 3500mah while an smaller s7 edge has 3600mah. was expecting of 6gig ram only to find out its a 4gig same as my s7 edge. nothing new here.... Better not poke your eye future note 7 users with your waterproof s pen otherwise you can't access your phone... LOL.; Kinda disappointed with the presentation he said biggest battery available 3500mah while an smaller s7 edge has 3600mah. was expecting of 6gig ram only to find out its a 4gig same as my s7 edge. nothing new here.... Better not poke your eye future note 7 users with your waterproof s pen otherwise you can't access your phone... LOL.
Nice opportunity for other brands to draw attentions. 
 Disappointed.; Nice opportunity for other brands to draw attentions.; Disappointed.
Great phone but honestly it's not wow. The battery, the RAM I expected more as I have been following and patiently waiting.; Great phone but honestly it's not wow. The battery, the RAM I expected more as I have been following and patiently waiting.
Will not buy it, 02 Aug 2016No IR Blast!!! why Samsung???? First you removed FM radio, and we forgive you. and now you r... moreWhy IR blaster??? I think an FM radio would be more useful.; Why IR blaster??? I think an FM radio would be more useful.
The 6gb RAM and snapdragon 821 were RUMORS
 NOT(e) confirmed!!! Stop being disappointed at beng over-hyped.
 If I told you the note 8 had 64gb of RAM and a 130MP camera, well, thats just a rumor.; The 6gb RAM and snapdragon 821 were RUMORS; NOT(e) confirmed!!! Stop being disappointed at beng over-hyped.; If I told you the note 8 had 64gb of RAM and a 130MP camera, well, thats just a rumor.
why not launched galaxy note 6 ?; why not launched galaxy note 6 ?
There is something you don't get it guys. Note series is one thing. S series is another. You can't compare them. Its like you compare an apple with an orange, because they are both fruits.To see the progress of a new model,you have to compare it with the PREVIOUS one.In this case the Note 5.; There is something you don't get it guys. Note series is one thing. S series is another. You can't compare them. Its like you compare an apple with an orange, because they are both fruits.To see the progress of a new model,you have to compare it with the PREVIOUS one.In this case the Note 5.
i am using note series since note 2 was announced. still have note 5 and i am a note fan. but man first time i am disappointed. now looking forward to next iphone lineup. seriously hurt; i am using note series since note 2 was announced. still have note 5 and i am a note fan. but man first time i am disappointed. now looking forward to next iphone lineup. seriously hurt
ROCKKO, 02 Aug 2016Disapointing really!!! each time shamesung disapoint us ..we want 6gb ram and a flat version w... morePlease wake your f k i n g idea. It does have micro sd card expansion 
 Read properly for f sake; Please wake your f k i n g idea. It does have micro sd card expansion; Read properly for f sake
Lifesure1, 02 Aug 2016If we compare the S7 Edge and the Note7 the difference is that the screen of note is 5.7 and 5... morenote7 diff from edge 7: iris scanner, gorilla glass 5, usb-c/v3.1, android v6.0.1 (planned upgrade to 7), higher screen-to-body ratio, price ;); note7 diff from edge 7: iris scanner, gorilla glass 5, usb-c/v3.1, android v6.0.1 (planned upgrade to 7), higher screen-to-body ratio, price ;)
where is dual pixel, 6gb ram and 821???......seriously samsung??; where is dual pixel, 6gb ram and 821???......seriously samsung??
Anonymous, 02 Aug 2016I understand 4gb ram...but no ir blast ? No 4000mah bat ? Same as s7 but with stylus, hope the... moreNo IR Blast!!! why Samsung????
 First you removed FM radio, and we forgive you.
 and now you removed another useful stuff, for this I will not forgive.
 When we design and follow-up machine we keep everything in that machine and upgrade it as much as we can and not remove stuffs to put others.
 Samsung, you are not listening to your costumer.; No IR Blast!!! why Samsung????; First you removed FM radio, and we forgive you.; and now you removed another useful stuff, for this I will not forgive.; When we design and follow-up machine we keep everything in that machine and upgrade it as much as we can and not remove stuffs to put others.; Samsung, you are not listening to your costumer.
ROCKKO, 02 Aug 2016Disapointing really!!! each time shamesung disapoint us ..we want 6gb ram and a flat version w... moreTotally agree. I expected that Samsung will give me a good reason to buy new Note, but they failed. no reason to spend the money.; Totally agree. I expected that Samsung will give me a good reason to buy new Note, but they failed. no reason to spend the money.
Murat, 02 Aug 2016same as s7 edge :) next year dont wait note 8 just buy s8 edge dude it has iris security. it will match eye and then will be unlocked; dude it has iris security. it will match eye and then will be unlocked
Dissapointed...worse battery than s7 edge but bigger screen...same proc ram and chipset. Iris scanner doesnt look so usefull.; Dissapointed...worse battery than s7 edge but bigger screen...same proc ram and chipset. Iris scanner doesnt look so usefull.
same as s7 edge :) next year dont wait note 8 just buy s8 edge; same as s7 edge :) next year dont wait note 8 just buy s8 edge
Disapointing really!!! each time shamesung disapoint us ..we want 6gb ram and a flat version with REAL NEW INNOVATION..you are just targeting our pockets not our satisfaction..i will move to another brand..HTC Huawei Lg....really bull shit shamesung...YOU DISAPOINTED US LIKE ON NOTE 5 WITHOUT SDCARD;;SHIT; Disapointing really!!! each time shamesung disapoint us ..we want 6gb ram and a flat version with REAL NEW INNOVATION..you are just targeting our pockets not our satisfaction..i will move to another brand..HTC Huawei Lg....really bull shit shamesung...YOU DISAPOINTED US LIKE ON NOTE 5 WITHOUT SDCARD;;SHIT
sk, 02 Aug 2016It's NOT about necessity.... its about competition.. If you are selling a flagship phone with ... moreI agreed. Not worth. It's just a little upgrade of s7 edge.; I agreed. Not worth. It's just a little upgrade of s7 edge.
Specs
 
 Samsung Galaxy Note 7
 
 Display 5.7Â” Quad HD Dual edge Super AMOLED
 Resolution 2560 x 1440 pixels (518ppi)
 Dimensions 153.5 x 73.9 x 7.9mm, 169g
 Processor Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 in the US / Octa core (2.3GHz Quad + 1.6GHz Quad), 64 bit
 GPU Adreno 530
 RAM 4GB RAM
 Storage 64GB flash storage
 Rear Camera Dual Pixel 12MP MP, Optical Image Stabilization (OIS), f/1.7
 Front Camera 5MP f/1.7
 Expandability 256GB via microSD
 Battery Li-Po 3500 mAh
 Connectivity USB Type-C
 OS Android 6.0.1 (Marshmallow) / Samsung UI
 ETC Fingerprint Sensor,S- Pen, IP68, iris scanning feature; Specs; Samsung Galaxy Note 7; Display	5.7Â” Quad HD Dual edge Super AMOLED; Resolution	2560 x 1440 pixels (518ppi); Dimensions	153.5 x 73.9 x 7.9mm, 169g; Processor	Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 in the US / Octa core (2.3GHz Quad + 1.6GHz Quad), 64 bit; GPU	Adreno 530; RAM	4GB RAM; Storage	64GB flash storage; Rear Camera	Dual Pixel 12MP MP, Optical Image Stabilization (OIS), f/1.7; Front Camera	5MP f/1.7; Expandability	256GB via microSD; Battery	Li-Po 3500 mAh; Connectivity	USB Type-C; OS	Android 6.0.1 (Marshmallow) / Samsung UI; ETC	Fingerprint Sensor,S- Pen, IP68, iris scanning feature
If we compare the S7 Edge and the Note7 the difference is that the screen of note is 5.7 and 5.5 for the edge; the battery is 3500mAh note and 3600mAh for the S7 edge, well note comes with an S Pen that is it! The rams in all phones are 4GB, and the Cameras are 12MP. The S7 Edge for me is the winner!; If we compare the S7 Edge and the Note7 the difference is that the screen of note is 5.7 and 5.5 for the edge; the battery is 3500mAh note and 3600mAh for the S7 edge, well note comes with an S Pen that is it! The rams in all phones are 4GB, and the Cameras are 12MP. The S7 Edge for me is the winner!
How does it compare with asus zenfone 3 deluxe ?; How does it compare with asus zenfone 3 deluxe ?
So S7 edge have 3600 battery, 
 note7 have gorila 5 and iris scanes with s-pen and sky hi price.
 
 Loks like i will pass.; So S7 edge have 3600 battery,; note7 have gorila 5 and iris scanes with s-pen and sky hi price.; Loks like i will pass.
I don't know, how many changes people want in a cell phone every 6 months. 
 Everything is improved. Added water resistant option, iris scanner, usb type c port, increased battery. What u else want ??; I don't know, how many changes people want in a cell phone every 6 months.; Everything is improved. Added water resistant option, iris scanner, usb type c port, increased battery. What u else want ??
Got s7 edge last month and was feeling a bit sad that note 7 will be quite different but i am happy that it's just s7 edge in a slightly different form factor and design. No thanks!; Got s7 edge last month and was feeling a bit sad that note 7 will be quite different but i am happy that it's just s7 edge in a slightly different form factor and design. No thanks!
Event looked and sounded super staged, super cringy and boring to watch.
 
 Phone is a more premium OnePlus 3 with Iris Scanner and S Pen. 
 
 Not even 6GB of RAM, no Nougat (7.0), no removable battery and no Snapdragon 821
 
 Nothing new here, keep your Note 4/5. If still interested, get the S7 Edge for way less.; Event looked and sounded super staged, super cringy and boring to watch.; Phone is a more premium OnePlus 3 with Iris Scanner and S Pen.; Not even 6GB of RAM, no Nougat (7.0), no removable battery and no Snapdragon 821; Nothing new here, keep your Note 4/5. If still interested, get the S7 Edge for way less.
Cry Cry Bye 6 GB RAM; Cry Cry Bye 6 GB RAM
wp_lover, 02 Aug 2016Was expecting something better that would stand out in crowd. But this is just bigger brother ... moreThe S Pen is the innovation, this is a Note device. It is also water resistant, this a first for a Note device!
 I was expecting for a newer SD CPU, but SD 820 is OK though.; The S Pen is the innovation, this is a Note device. It is also water resistant, this a first for a Note device!; I was expecting for a newer SD CPU, but SD 820 is OK though.
consider minor upgrade from note 5, will skip note 7 and wait for Note 8 or Huawei Mate 9; consider minor upgrade from note 5, will skip note 7 and wait for Note 8 or Huawei Mate 9
Is not what I expected...; Is not what I expected...
seriously guys , i bet A9 pro will be more hot cakes than this note 7 , 5k mAh batt , the feel is good tho hahaha 6 inch!; seriously guys , i bet A9 pro will be more hot cakes than this note 7 , 5k mAh batt , the feel is good tho hahaha 6 inch!
[deleted post]agreed; agreed
Was expecting something better that would stand out in crowd. But this is just bigger brother of s7.
 Nothing interesting. Zero Innovation. S7 is better option.; Was expecting something better that would stand out in crowd. But this is just bigger brother of s7.; Nothing interesting. Zero Innovation. S7 is better option.
paddles, 02 Aug 2016Not much of a difference to the note 4 to be honest, think im just going to keep my note 4 and... moreagreed; agreed
Paul30, 02 Aug 20161. Different type of ram used in smart phones than in laptops. 2. Mobile's have a smaller cpu ... moreagreed; agreed
Officially note 5 is dead today by releasing note 7 including all the missing features in note 5 and more additional amazing features....now i will return to note series after leaving it with note 4 to s6 edge plus as note 5 was not the big deal at that time! Waiting to own this precious device :); Officially note 5 is dead today by releasing note 7 including all the missing features in note 5 and more additional amazing features....now i will return to note series after leaving it with note 4 to s6 edge plus as note 5 was not the big deal at that time! Waiting to own this precious device :)
Not much of a difference to the note 4 to be honest, think im just going to keep my note 4 and save my money; Not much of a difference to the note 4 to be honest, think im just going to keep my note 4 and save my money
I understand 4gb ram...but no ir blast ? No 4000mah bat ? Same as s7 but with stylus, hope they can convince me with something mind blowing; I understand 4gb ram...but no ir blast ? No 4000mah bat ? Same as s7 but with stylus, hope they can convince me with something mind blowing
Anonymous, 02 Aug 2016What a total disappointment...I was expecting BIG but all Samsung have done was launch a S7/S7... moreagreed; agreed
difference between s7 and note 7 ... shapes and s pen and Corning Gorilla Glass 5; difference between s7 and note 7 ... shapes and s pen and Corning Gorilla Glass 5
J. L. , 02 Aug 2016Memory slot uses sim 2.. Not good.... Battery only 3500.. Should be at least 4000 mah.. Th... moreHmm what phone has all of the above?; Hmm what phone has all of the above?
This is what happens when you give strong rumours, over hyped with lots of features and 6GB RAM and then finally get 4GB. People will get disappointed. Building higher expectations out of rumours.; This is what happens when you give strong rumours, over hyped with lots of features and 6GB RAM and then finally get 4GB. People will get disappointed. Building higher expectations out of rumours.
Linas, 02 Aug 2016And what that 6gb going to give you on smartphone? My ultrabook runs fine with i7 and 4GB... h... more1. Different type of ram used in smart phones than in laptops. 2. Mobile's have a smaller cpu cache hence the more ram improves performance. 3. It's not even logically to compare a laptop to a mobile. 4. Understanding how much is used when filming in hd or higher will be the easiest way to explain why they need so much ram.; 1. Different type of ram used in smart phones than in laptops. 2. Mobile's have a smaller cpu cache hence the more ram improves performance. 3. It's not even logically to compare a laptop to a mobile. 4. Understanding how much is used when filming in hd or higher will be the easiest way to explain why they need so much ram.
Memory slot uses sim 2.. Not good.... Battery only 3500.. Should be at least 4000 mah.. Therefore... Im not buying.. Disappointed.; Memory slot uses sim 2.. Not good.... Battery only 3500.. Should be at least 4000 mah.. Therefore... Im not buying.. Disappointed.
Anonymous, 02 Aug 2016What a total disappointment...I was expecting BIG but all Samsung have done was launch a S7/S7... moreAnd what that 6gb going to give you on smartphone? My ultrabook runs fine with i7 and 4GB... here we are talking about phone... 6GB.. why? Gimmick nothing else. Waterproofing ... I believe that is good, base memory 64GB+ free 256gb Sd card if you preorder.. what not to like?; And what that 6gb going to give you on smartphone? My ultrabook runs fine with i7 and 4GB... here we are talking about phone... 6GB.. why? Gimmick nothing else. Waterproofing ... I believe that is good, base memory 64GB+ free 256gb Sd card if you preorder.. what not to like?
What a total disappointment...I was expecting BIG but all Samsung have done was launch a S7/S7 edge with a stylus. Current Note 5 has 4gig RAM expected Samsung to launch the NOTE 7 with atleast 6gig RAM, improved camera, etc....#SAMSUNG_GALAXY_NOTE_S7 would have been a better name. Seems Samsung has run out of ideas of how to design a phone. Look at their current range all practically lookalikes.; What a total disappointment...I was expecting BIG but all Samsung have done was launch a S7/S7 edge with a stylus. Current Note 5 has 4gig RAM expected Samsung to launch the NOTE 7 with atleast 6gig RAM, improved camera, etc....#SAMSUNG_GALAXY_NOTE_S7 would have been a better name. Seems Samsung has run out of ideas of how to design a phone. Look at their current range all practically lookalikes.
gojek, 02 Aug 2016i never use any smartphone with stylus, tell me if i buy this phone, can i use it without sty... moreyes you can, i have note 4 and i dont use it; yes you can, i have note 4 and i dont use it
gojek, 02 Aug 2016i never use any smartphone with stylus, tell me if i buy this phone, can i use it without sty... moreYes. You don't need to use the pen if you don't want to. It's just an extra feature that is available for those who would like to use it.; Yes. You don't need to use the pen if you don't want to. It's just an extra feature that is available for those who would like to use it.
gojek, 02 Aug 2016i never use any smartphone with stylus, tell me if i buy this phone, can i use it without sty... moreYes you can I have had Note phones since they came out.; Yes you can I have had Note phones since they came out.
gojek, 02 Aug 2016i never use any smartphone with stylus, tell me if i buy this phone, can i use it without sty... moreYou don't need to use the S Pen with this phone or the older Galaxy Notes, 
 It is an extra thing that is loaded with features and uses., you'll love using it. That I guarantee.; You don't need to use the S Pen with this phone or the older Galaxy Notes,; It is an extra thing that is loaded with features and uses., you'll love using it. That I guarantee.
John, 02 Aug 2016I am sticking to my Note 4. Not much of an upgradeSame thing here.. Disappointed in the note 5 and now the note 7..
 
 Looking forward to the mate 9 and the v20..; Same thing here.. Disappointed in the note 5 and now the note 7..; Looking forward to the mate 9 and the v20..
gojek, 02 Aug 2016i never use any smartphone with stylus, tell me if i buy this phone, can i use it without sty... moreyes you can; yes you can
gojek, 02 Aug 2016i never use any smartphone with stylus, tell me if i buy this phone, can i use it without sty... moreYou don't have to use the Stylus Pen.; You don't have to use the Stylus Pen.
Matta Mk, 02 Aug 2016If OnePlus 3 can have 6GB RAM why Note 7 should have 4GB RAM?more ram doesn't mean you are going to use it, 4 GB is enough. with 6gb of ram are you going to play call of duty or gta 5 on your mobile?? 6 GB ram in one plus 3 is just marketing strategy for foolish people who just see more ram = awesome device, no you just get trapped in their strategy n buy their phones.; more ram doesn't mean you are going to use it, 4 GB is enough. with 6gb of ram are you going to play call of duty or gta 5 on your mobile?? 6 GB ram in one plus 3 is just marketing strategy for foolish people who just see more ram = awesome device, no you just get trapped in their strategy n buy their phones.
gojek, 02 Aug 2016i never use any smartphone with stylus, tell me if i buy this phone, can i use it without sty... moreYes sure; Yes sure
Matta Mk, 02 Aug 2016Maybe You are right . It will be better to have 6 GB RAM and 4000mAh battery.note7 pro have 6gb ram and 4000mh; note7 pro have 6gb ram and 4000mh
Yes you can use this with style and 4 GB is enough for smart phone.; Yes you can use this with style and 4 GB is enough for smart phone.
gojek, 02 Aug 2016i never use any smartphone with stylus, tell me if i buy this phone, can i use it without sty... moreyes you can; yes you can
I am sticking to my Note 4. Not much of an upgrade; I am sticking to my Note 4. Not much of an upgrade
ItsMeMyself, 02 Aug 2016Im getting this too. Hopefully it will be better upgrade from my prehistoric note 2 (has 3 hr ... moreGood phone, the Note 2 - I managed to snag prizes using that to draw for competitions. I left it to my wife to use because I needed something with LTE.; Good phone, the Note 2 - I managed to snag prizes using that to draw for competitions. I left it to my wife to use because I needed something with LTE.
i never use any smartphone with stylus, tell me if i buy this phone, can i use it without stylus pen??; i never use any smartphone with stylus, tell me if i buy this phone, can i use it without stylus pen??
If OnePlus 3 can have 6GB RAM why Note 7 should have 4GB RAM?; If OnePlus 3 can have 6GB RAM why Note 7 should have 4GB RAM?
nawab gabbar, 02 Aug 2016wait for official still its hide too many future rumors and official have big differanc... moreMaybe You are right . It will be better to have 6 GB RAM and 4000mAh battery.; Maybe You are right . It will be better to have 6 GB RAM and 4000mAh battery.
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 02 Aug 2016Make no mistake... I'm getting this if there is no design flaw. If the battery performance is ... moreIm getting this too. Hopefully it will be better upgrade from my prehistoric note 2 (has 3 hr 47 mins of SOT). If this is good enough I might keep this for the next 4 years or so. XD; Im getting this too. Hopefully it will be better upgrade from my prehistoric note 2 (has 3 hr 47 mins of SOT). If this is good enough I might keep this for the next 4 years or so. XD
What 4 GB RAM ? It should be 6 GB RAM . Samsung disappointed me.; What 4 GB RAM ? It should be 6 GB RAM . Samsung disappointed me.
ItsMeMyself, 02 Aug 2016Galaxy s7 is basically a galaxy s with a bigger screen and resolution, 7MP better camera, just... moreMake no mistake... I'm getting this if there is no design flaw. If the battery performance is as bad as the S6, I'll not. I want that fast-focusing camera, as I have nothing but good things to say about the S7 Edge's.
 
 I've held back from getting a new smartphone for the last two years, and most especially NEVER the Note.5 for it's lack of memory expansion.; Make no mistake... I'm getting this if there is no design flaw. If the battery performance is as bad as the S6, I'll not. I want that fast-focusing camera, as I have nothing but good things to say about the S7 Edge's.; I've held back from getting a new smartphone for the last two years, and most especially NEVER the Note.5 for it's lack of memory expansion.
cool features I should buy it ... but it was not 6 GB of memory?; cool features I should buy it ... but it was not 6 GB of memory?
DroidTech, 02 Aug 2016i was expecting something more interresting rather than just 4GB of RAM and the battery i tha... moresame here... Disappointed .. Was looking for flat screen NOTE.... Dual sim .... Battery minimum 4000 mAH.... IR Blaster would have been an icing on cake...; same here... Disappointed .. Was looking for flat screen NOTE.... Dual sim .... Battery minimum 4000 mAH.... IR Blaster would have been an icing on cake...
A Tech Fan, 02 Aug 2016Is 6GB really necessary? I mean 4GB is a good deal as it isIt's NOT about necessity.... its about competition.. If you are selling a flagship phone with monstrous price, it should be above its competitors...; It's NOT about necessity.... its about competition.. If you are selling a flagship phone with monstrous price, it should be above its competitors...
i was expecting something more interresting rather than just 4GB of RAM
 and the battery i thaught it's going to be 4000mah but it's not
 screen quality the same as the note 5 but this time is curved
 so it's not a big deal the only thing which is new is the iris scanner i mean what's the point of this bloody thing
 i would say to the note 5 and the S7&S7 edge owners it is not worth it; i was expecting something more interresting rather than just 4GB of RAM; and the battery i thaught it's going to be 4000mah but it's not; screen quality the same as the note 5 but this time is curved; so it's not a big deal the only thing which is new is the iris scanner i mean what's the point of this bloody thing; i would say to the note 5 and the S7&S7 edge owners it is not worth it
Liv, 02 Aug 2016Disappointed. Not what I expected. Should have 6gb ram on the basic storage. May I know why th... moreIs 6GB really necessary? I mean 4GB is a good deal as it is; Is 6GB really necessary? I mean 4GB is a good deal as it is
Pedro-TheNeighbor, 02 Aug 20164 more hours till the official unveil... So far it's looking like the S7 Edge with slightly bi... moreGalaxy s7 is basically a galaxy s with a bigger screen and resolution, 7MP better camera, just a 1500 mah greater battery, a fingerprint scanner, all those gimmicky sensors, a newer os and waterproofing. XD
 And yeah next time u come here bragging about your 'superior' note 3 or note 4 plz go to their respective pages. If u are talking about battery life the old nokia phones have much better battery life than your brick phone (with 10k mah it would look like one doesnt it) with much less body weight. So quit complaining about this and that and watch what they have to offer. Sorry if i sounded rude but anyways good day!&#9786;; Galaxy s7 is basically a galaxy s with a bigger screen and resolution, 7MP better camera, just a 1500 mah greater battery, a fingerprint scanner, all those gimmicky sensors, a newer os and waterproofing. XD; And yeah next time u come here bragging about your 'superior' note 3 or note 4 plz go to their respective pages. If u are talking about battery life the old nokia phones have much better battery life than your brick phone (with 10k mah it would look like one doesnt it) with much less body weight. So quit complaining about this and that and watch what they have to offer. Sorry if i sounded rude but anyways good day!&#9786;
wait for official 
 
 still its hide too many future
 
 rumors and official have big differance
 
 better wait than guess; wait for official; still its hide too many future; rumors and official have big differance; better wait than guess
Asdf, 02 Aug 2016Waiting for removeable battery in Note 8. Staying with Note 4.Me too.; Me too.
Free 256 GB card on Sprint!; Free 256 GB card on Sprint!
4 more hours till the official unveil... So far it's looking like the S7 Edge with slightly bigger screen, 64 GB base model, an iris scanner and S Pen.
 
 Everything else I've already experience with the wife's S7 Edge.
 
 I'm worried about that sealed battery. If the chipset very similar, then we're looking at 12.5 hours use per charge with 6.5 hours SOT. Suffice to say, I slapped in a 10,000mAh battery on my Note 3, and no need to worry about charging for the day.
 
 300 full charging cycles is the life of any rechargeable battery. If you charge twice and deep discharge, you're looking at only 6 months of reliable battery life.; 4 more hours till the official unveil... So far it's looking like the S7 Edge with slightly bigger screen, 64 GB base model, an iris scanner and S Pen.; Everything else I've already experience with the wife's S7 Edge.; I'm worried about that sealed battery. If the chipset very similar, then we're looking at 12.5 hours use per charge with 6.5 hours SOT. Suffice to say, I slapped in a 10,000mAh battery on my Note 3, and no need to worry about charging for the day.; 300 full charging cycles is the life of any rechargeable battery. If you charge twice and deep discharge, you're looking at only 6 months of reliable battery life.
I was thinking to upgrade from S6 to the note 7, but it seems its not worth it, was looking/hoping for better spec.; I was thinking to upgrade from S6 to the note 7, but it seems its not worth it, was looking/hoping for better spec.
Waiting for removeable battery in Note 8. Staying with Note 4.; Waiting for removeable battery in Note 8. Staying with Note 4.
Removeable battery i nred; Removeable battery i nred
Disappointed. Not what I expected. Should have 6gb ram on the basic storage. May I know why the width become narrower. This is totally absurd. Being a premium phone, Samsung should be a leading technology innovator. Instead they getting worse.; Disappointed. Not what I expected. Should have 6gb ram on the basic storage. May I know why the width become narrower. This is totally absurd. Being a premium phone, Samsung should be a leading technology innovator. Instead they getting worse.
S7 & Note 7 are almost the same.
 Anyone needs the S pen services can select Note 7
 Otherwise both phones are the same.; S7 & Note 7 are almost the same.; Anyone needs the S pen services can select Note 7; Otherwise both phones are the same.
No new samsung every day make copy paste lg v20 and htc 10 the best; No new samsung every day make copy paste lg v20 and htc 10 the best
Phantom, 02 Aug 2016Hey! I want to upgrade from my S5 but wanted you guys' opinion please. Should I upgrade to S7 ... moreI went from an S5 to the S7 and I love it.Worth the upgrade :-); I went from an S5 to the S7 and I love it.Worth the upgrade :-)
Phantom, 02 Aug 2016Hey! I want to upgrade from my S5 but wanted you guys' opinion please. Should I upgrade to S7 ... moreThe phones not out yet so just wait out for a bit. Since u r a s series user i wont recommend a note series because u arent used to the spen. Most people wont be using the iris scanner after giving it a trial run. If u like the edge or the battery life get the s7 edge. Or dont like the edge or dont mind a little worse battery life go for the normal one. But u might want to get used to the edge because if this note does very well im afraid we might not see a normal s8 as well.; The phones not out yet so just wait out for a bit. Since u r a s series user i wont recommend a note series because u arent used to the spen. Most people wont be using the iris scanner after giving it a trial run. If u like the edge or the battery life get the s7 edge. Or dont like the edge or dont mind a little worse battery life go for the normal one. But u might want to get used to the edge because if this note does very well im afraid we might not see a normal s8 as well.
MOISESNYC, 02 Aug 2016I'll upgrade it tomorrow only if it REALLY comes with 6GB RAM and charge 100% in 30 min like I... moreHey! I want to upgrade from my S5 but wanted you guys' opinion please. Should I upgrade to S7 and S7 Edge, which is more durable and what to do to protect the back glass of these phones?; Hey! I want to upgrade from my S5 but wanted you guys' opinion please. Should I upgrade to S7 and S7 Edge, which is more durable and what to do to protect the back glass of these phones?
I'll upgrade it tomorrow only if it REALLY comes with 6GB RAM and charge 100% in 30 min like I heard, if it's not happen, I'll keep with my Galaxy S 7.; I'll upgrade it tomorrow only if it REALLY comes with 6GB RAM and charge 100% in 30 min like I heard, if it's not happen, I'll keep with my Galaxy S 7.
a huge disappointment, they're skipping out on IR TV Remote function.
 but will buy one anyway, love a 4000 mAh battery.; a huge disappointment, they're skipping out on IR TV Remote function.; but will buy one anyway, love a 4000 mAh battery.
This will be the complete phone... 
 1. Dual SIM
 2. Big but compact
 3. S-pen
 4. Slim but good battery
 5. All latest sensors
 6. Play and enterprise utilities
 7. Most advanced camera phone
 8. Tough and beautiful design with highest screen-to-body ratio of 79&#8453;
 9. Health companion
 10. Latest os.
 and many more.; This will be the complete phone...; 1. Dual SIM; 2. Big but compact; 3. S-pen; 4. Slim but good battery; 5. All latest sensors; 6. Play and enterprise utilities; 7. Most advanced camera phone; 8. Tough and beautiful design with highest screen-to-body ratio of 79&#8453;; 9. Health companion; 10. Latest os.; and many more.
why Samsung Note 7 camera just 12 mega pix? Note 5 also 16 mega pix &#128532;; why Samsung Note 7 camera just 12 mega pix? Note 5 also 16 mega pix &#128532;
Anonymous, 01 Aug 2016I´m hoping for 6GB! Oh, and also Android Nougat.I highly doubt that android nougat will be on it since Google hasn't released the final version of the software; I highly doubt that android nougat will be on it since Google hasn't released the final version of the software
loshmi2016, 01 Aug 2016It'd be great if Note 7 had CGG5 instead of CGG4, so it won't break easily when you drop it fr... moreSupposedly it is cgg5, I think this page is old. Doesn't even have the release date listed which is tomorrow. ...; Supposedly it is cgg5, I think this page is old. Doesn't even have the release date listed which is tomorrow. ...
Hjyh, 01 Aug 2016Late Google first release nougateDream on!!; Dream on!!
Oh my God !!! Exynos 8893 . 6GB Ram . 4000 mAh for battery
 this phone is a legend; Oh my God !!! Exynos 8893 . 6GB Ram . 4000 mAh for battery; this phone is a legend
I heard the battery is going to be 3600 MAH? Lot's of places saying 4000 and some even going as far as 4200.; I heard the battery is going to be 3600 MAH? Lot's of places saying 4000 and some even going as far as 4200.
P.S I'm not convinced it will come with a UFS card reader either.; P.S I'm not convinced it will come with a UFS card reader either.
For what it's worth here are my predicted specs.
 
 8890 processor or SD 820
 4GB Ram. 
 64gb storage only. If we're lucky they will waffle of higher but try actually buying one.
 3500 mah batteryand non removable. 
 5.7 dual edge only. 
 Won't see noughart thus year. 
 
 All in all a disappointment considering even the ASUS Zenfone 3 deluxe has better memory, better storage and a better processor for less money and is already on testing with noughart.; For what it's worth here are my predicted specs.; 8890 processor or SD 820; 4GB Ram.; 64gb storage only. If we're lucky they will waffle of higher but try actually buying one.; 3500 mah batteryand non removable.; 5.7 dual edge only.; Won't see noughart thus year.; All in all a disappointment considering even the ASUS Zenfone 3 deluxe has better memory, better storage and a better processor for less money and is already on testing with noughart.
Understood that GN7 would be announced the 2nd odd August.
 My question is:
 WHEN, WHERE and HOW to buy IMMEDIATELY or ASAP?!!; Understood that GN7 would be announced the 2nd odd August.; My question is:; WHEN, WHERE and HOW to buy IMMEDIATELY or ASAP?!!
Please actually be 6 on the RAM..non-removable battery? time for battery case shopping; Please actually be 6 on the RAM..non-removable battery? time for battery case shopping
Observer1979, 01 Aug 2016good bye removable battery for flagship samsung phones i will surely miss u.....will upgrade t... moreThat's right. The S and Note series won't be having removable batteries again, like, ever.; That's right. The S and Note series won't be having removable batteries again, like, ever.
good bye removable battery for flagship samsung phones i will surely miss u.....will upgrade to the note 4 for sure; good bye removable battery for flagship samsung phones i will surely miss u.....will upgrade to the note 4 for sure
I love fm radio. But there is no fm radio in samsung galaxy note 7 !!!; I love fm radio. But there is no fm radio in samsung galaxy note 7 !!!
Fm radio is abilable for Samsung galaxy note 7 ?; Fm radio is abilable for Samsung galaxy note 7 ?
Anonymous, 01 Aug 2016I´m hoping for 6GB! Oh, and also Android Nougat.Late Google first release nougate; Late Google first release nougate
Anik sarker, 01 Aug 2016How its ram? 6 gb or 4 gbI´m hoping for 6GB! Oh, and also Android Nougat.; I´m hoping for 6GB! Oh, and also Android Nougat.
How its ram? 6 gb or 4 gb; How its ram? 6 gb or 4 gb
Anil, 01 Aug 2016When this phn goin to realeseeTomorrow; Tomorrow
I am weating for note 7
 2.8.2016
 bd; I am weating for note 7; 2.8.2016; bd
It will cost up to 3000AED in UAE .. and will be released on august 2nd in USA, august 9th in dubai.; It will cost up to 3000AED in UAE .. and will be released on august 2nd in USA, august 9th in dubai.
AFthab, 01 Aug 2016What is the exepected price for Samsung new launch model Note 7850 euro; 850 euro
It'd be great if Note 7 had CGG5 instead of CGG4, so it won't break easily when you drop it from ear level.It's almost confirmed that N7 will have newer gen glass.; It'd be great if Note 7 had CGG5 instead of CGG4, so it won't break easily when you drop it from ear level.It's almost confirmed that N7 will have newer gen glass.
12 mp is wery low is not good; 12 mp is wery low is not good
note much of a upgrade. (pun intended); note much of a upgrade. (pun intended)
What is the exepected price for Samsung new launch model Note 7; What is the exepected price for Samsung new launch model Note 7
wonder full ... im exited to buy this phone ....; wonder full ... im exited to buy this phone ....
When this phn goin to realesee; When this phn goin to realesee
Anonymous, 30 Jul 2016Buying it for sure sorry about you.I dont cear because i have the galaxy s7 edge infact 3; I dont cear because i have the galaxy s7 edge infact 3
Fixed Battery.....; Fixed Battery.....
Willy , 31 Jul 2016Good job for increasing battery capacity. Kindly increase the security and back camera 20mp no... moreWhy do noobs all think that increasing the camera MP means better photos?
 Past a certain point more MP on a small camera sensor only means more noise especially in low light.
 A large aperture and bigger sensor are far more important.
 The 12MP S7 is much better in low light than the 16MP S6 for these reasons.; Why do noobs all think that increasing the camera MP means better photos?; Past a certain point more MP on a small camera sensor only means more noise especially in low light.; A large aperture and bigger sensor are far more important.; The 12MP S7 is much better in low light than the 16MP S6 for these reasons.
jadhav, 31 Jul 2016Its coming on Aug 2 so where is the link for live stream?try here : http://www.samsung.com/global/galaxy/events/unpa­cked/; try here :
Its coming on Aug 2 so where is the link for live stream?; Its coming on Aug 2 so where is the link for live stream?
4GB ram not 6GB. CGG4 3500 mah battery.; 4GB ram not 6GB. CGG4 3500 mah battery.
Anonymous, 31 Jul 20163600 mah battery and gorilla glass 5CGG4 and 3500 mah confirmed.; CGG4 and 3500 mah confirmed.
walli, 30 Jul 2016One plus 3 has 6Gb ram and he's sold in EuropeYeah One Plus CPU 2.15 ghz + 1.6 ghz and GPU Adreno 530 but need Sytlus pen.
 August 2 Coming live youtube, facebook or TV commerial 7 unpacked 2016; Yeah One Plus CPU 2.15 ghz + 1.6 ghz and GPU Adreno 530 but need Sytlus pen.; August 2 Coming live youtube, facebook or TV commerial 7 unpacked 2016
When'll the samsung galaxy note 7 will be realesed and it is fixed that it will be realesed in august 2 and what will be the minimum price of it; When'll the samsung galaxy note 7 will be realesed and it is fixed that it will be realesed in august 2 and what will be the minimum price of it
Why the hell all are non removable battery? From years I always buying second battery, charging separately and never stay roped with cable.; Why the hell all are non removable battery? From years I always buying second battery, charging separately and never stay roped with cable.
Good job for increasing battery capacity. Kindly increase the security and back camera 20mp not bad.; Good job for increasing battery capacity. Kindly increase the security and back camera 20mp not bad.
Anonymous, 31 Jul 20163600 mah battery and gorilla glass 5CGG 5 is not confirmed.; CGG 5 is not confirmed.
3600 mah battery and gorilla glass 5; 3600 mah battery and gorilla glass 5
Anonymous, 30 Jul 2016I was just informed it is not waterproof. I really need that feature as I had to spend 200 for... moreIt is waterproof, ill give you a link to the note 7 ad for Korea; 
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dTWyapuLNdI; It is waterproof, ill give you a link to the note 7 ad for Korea;
dear samsung, when you release Galaxy note 6?; dear samsung, when you release Galaxy note 6?
Anonymous, 30 Jul 2016I was just informed it is not waterproof. I really need that feature as I had to spend 200 for... moreThe samsung galaxy note7 will be waterproof. Samsung's S7 was water proof and the Note 7 will appear mildly inferior if it doesnt have the waterproofing capability. And Samsung certainly does not want their flagship to be inferior in any way.. this also explains why there isnt going to be a Samsung Note 6 (due to concerns that the no.6 in the note 6 is smaller than the 7 in the S7 ).; The samsung galaxy note7 will be waterproof. Samsung's S7 was water proof and the Note 7 will appear mildly inferior if it doesnt have the waterproofing capability. And Samsung certainly does not want their flagship to be inferior in any way.. this also explains why there isnt going to be a Samsung Note 6 (due to concerns that the no.6 in the note 6 is smaller than the 7 in the S7 ).
We want the SD823 and let me guess! You keep it for the upcoming S8 lol people finally learned your future steps; We want the SD823 and let me guess! You keep it for the upcoming S8 lol people finally learned your future steps
Techchannel, 30 Jul 2016How much ram and battery for Note 7....Please confirmBattery likely to be between 3,000 to 4,000... Say 3,500. Internal memory likely to be 64Gb with micro SD card of 512Gb. Hope it is waterproof.!; Battery likely to be between 3,000 to 4,000... Say 3,500. Internal memory likely to be 64Gb with micro SD card of 512Gb. Hope it is waterproof.!
Wirahadi1992, 30 Jul 2016walli: maybe Europe afraid Smartphone HIGH RAMOne plus 3 has 6Gb ram and he's sold in Europe; One plus 3 has 6Gb ram and he's sold in Europe
siddhss, 24 Jul 2016i m dying to buy note 7, now using note 5 but note 7 is very much upgrading with following n... moreI was just informed it is not waterproof. I really need that feature as I had to spend 200 for replacement since I couldn't dry out battery.; I was just informed it is not waterproof. I really need that feature as I had to spend 200 for replacement since I couldn't dry out battery.
shhhh, 30 Jul 20166 GB of ram 64GB storage promotion will be a 256 GB micro sd or fit2, heard its a 3000 mAh bat... moreCan you please send me a picture of real phone I like to see what it looks like. Would certainly appreciate it.Thank; Can you please send me a picture of real phone I like to see what it looks like. Would certainly appreciate it.Thank
shhhh, 30 Jul 20166 GB of ram 64GB storage promotion will be a 256 GB micro sd or fit2, heard its a 3000 mAh bat... moreHow much ram and battery for Note 7....Please confirm; How much ram and battery for Note 7....Please confirm
VincentPougnaud, 30 Jul 2016does it have the same screen like the egde phones??No. It is a curved display, but it isn't the same curve.; No. It is a curved display, but it isn't the same curve.
walli, 30 Jul 2016The last rumors annonced a device with battery 3500 mah and 4 Go ram In fact it's a s7 edge w... more6 GB of ram 64GB storage promotion will be a 256 GB micro sd or fit2, heard its a 3000 mAh battery too... rounded edges not as pronounced as the s7 and SUPER LIGHT. (just saw it in person); 6 GB of ram 64GB storage promotion will be a 256 GB micro sd or fit2, heard its a 3000 mAh battery too... rounded edges not as pronounced as the s7 and SUPER LIGHT. (just saw it in person)
Kunda, 28 Jul 2016Its not about megapixels, its about optic, lense and other hardware of camera. Even 5MPIX came... moreso u think cause of hardware the camera of note 7 is better ?; so u think cause of hardware the camera of note 7 is better ?
does it have the same screen like the egde phones??; does it have the same screen like the egde phones??
walli: maybe Europe afraid Smartphone HIGH RAM; walli: maybe Europe afraid Smartphone HIGH RAM
Johnner B, 29 Jul 2016Samsung......really! You can't take the battery out! For Android it is a must, bad move. Not g... moreBuying it for sure sorry about you.; Buying it for sure sorry about you.
The last rumors annonced a device with battery 3500 mah and 4 Go ram
 In fact it's a s7 edge with s-pen fonction
 By the past, the Note series are always better in specs than S series
 what's happened Samsung ?; The last rumors annonced a device with battery 3500 mah and 4 Go ram; In fact it's a s7 edge with s-pen fonction; By the past, the Note series are always better in specs than S series; what's happened Samsung ?
Just thinking aloud about the difference betwwen galaxy note 7 and galaxy note 4, not much difference. Except replacing 4 with 7 with few cosmetic upgrades.; Just thinking aloud about the difference betwwen galaxy note 7 and galaxy note 4, not much difference. Except replacing 4 with 7 with few cosmetic upgrades.
Johnner B, 29 Jul 2016Samsung......really! You can't take the battery out! For Android it is a must, bad move. Not g... moreI don't battery will be removable. If you want waterproof then obviously Note 7 is not for you. Advice: go for LGG5 or Note 4 if you don't have it. 
 
 Not sure why some users go on about "removable" battery. Most modern phones have every efficient battery management coupled with quick charge. 
 Cant wait till Tuesday to see what the true outcome of the speculation is.; I don't battery will be removable. If you want waterproof then obviously Note 7 is not for you. Advice: go for LGG5 or Note 4 if you don't have it.; Not sure why some users go on about "removable" battery. Most modern phones have every efficient battery management coupled with quick charge.; Cant wait till Tuesday to see what the true outcome of the speculation is.
I expect 6" screen , the proper size for note users; I expect 6" screen , the proper size for note users
I Hope they have white color; I Hope they have white color
Samsung......really! You can't take the battery out! For Android it is a must, bad move. Not getting the note 7 now. Did you include Next radio chip? No, did you include manual focusing (auto-focussing doesn't work well)? No! The only thing that started me thinking that I was going to look at getting it was that you allowed for micro SD memory upgrade again but then you oopsed on the non removable battery (what if the battery goes bad)! You really aren't aware of some basic selling points that should be standard by now on your "top of the line phone"! truly disappointing.; Samsung......really! You can't take the battery out! For Android it is a must, bad move. Not getting the note 7 now. Did you include Next radio chip? No, did you include manual focusing (auto-focussing doesn't work well)? No! The only thing that started me thinking that I was going to look at getting it was that you allowed for micro SD memory upgrade again but then you oopsed on the non removable battery (what if the battery goes bad)! You really aren't aware of some basic selling points that should be standard by now on your "top of the line phone"! truly disappointing.
Radio is missing. It is very popular and important for a smartphone but Samsung they do not think about that.; Radio is missing. It is very popular and important for a smartphone but Samsung they do not think about that.
I bet GN7 won't be water resistance because of the SPen casing.; I bet GN7 won't be water resistance because of the SPen casing.
N7: NO 6GB RAM, NO 4000mAh.
 N7: 4GB RAM and 3500mAh.; N7: NO 6GB RAM, NO 4000mAh.; N7: 4GB RAM and 3500mAh.
I really hope that the Note 7 is not an S7 Edge with a S-pen.
 
 Rumors said that the Note 7 may use the same battery capacity like the one on the S7 Edge.
 
 I really tought that Samsung would release a Note 7 and a Note 7 Edge model. It seems that's note the case.; I really hope that the Note 7 is not an S7 Edge with a S-pen.; Rumors said that the Note 7 may use the same battery capacity like the one on the S7 Edge.; I really tought that Samsung would release a Note 7 and a Note 7 Edge model. It seems that's note the case.
Every smart phons should have a ir blaster. It's very usfull. When u buy a phone check wether it has a ir blaster; Every smart phons should have a ir blaster. It's very usfull. When u buy a phone check wether it has a ir blaster
Cpu is dual core now all mobile coming with octa core.android version is new its good .only 5 mp in front.i think samsung company didn't know what customer wanted; Cpu is dual core now all mobile coming with octa core.android version is new its good .only 5 mp in front.i think samsung company didn't know what customer wanted
Shan87, 28 Jul 2016Guys what about IR blaster?? That's something really useful in a smartphone..If you haven't realized, Samsung trying to promote their Smart Things technology. Its an app you can download to connect everything in your home using IOTs. It works lile IR blaster but all-in-one type of app. IR may never show itself in the future. Find out more through google.; If you haven't realized, Samsung trying to promote their Smart Things technology. Its an app you can download to connect everything in your home using IOTs. It works lile IR blaster but all-in-one type of app. IR may never show itself in the future. Find out more through google.
Shan87, 28 Jul 2016Guys what about IR blaster?? That's something really useful in a smartphone..Yeah but I really do not think they will put this in a Note. I think they just gave this up since even the Galaxy Tab series does not even carries ones now.; Yeah but I really do not think they will put this in a Note. I think they just gave this up since even the Galaxy Tab series does not even carries ones now.
Bring Back IR Blaster for godsake~!!!!; Bring Back IR Blaster for godsake~!!!!
Shan87, 28 Jul 2016Guys what about IR blaster?? That's something really useful in a smartphone..YES, Bring the IR blaster back~!!!!!; YES, Bring the IR blaster back~!!!!!
Hope Note 7 to have Dual SIM Facility with both SIM active for data & Voice .; Hope Note 7 to have Dual SIM Facility with both SIM active for data & Voice .
its shipping with gorilla glass 5....not 4..; its shipping with gorilla glass 5....not 4..
I have a little doubt that the GN7 would be water-resistance for a simple reason that it carries the spen in a casing..; I have a little doubt that the GN7 would be water-resistance for a simple reason that it carries the spen in a casing..
Guys what about IR blaster?? That's something really useful in a smartphone..; Guys what about IR blaster?? That's something really useful in a smartphone..
I posted this a couple of years ago....sight
 
 Certain companies get all phones (except Apple devices) about 2 to 3 months ahead of everyone. We don't put pics of the device online for sometimes it has a tag that can be trace back to whoever, in this case Sammy, gives it to. And we're talking a BIG FINE (not is not 20grand, is ALOT MORE!). Anyhow, sometimes we don't get the final hardware version of the phone (occasionally) but for the most part we do-- specially if we get additional phones closer to launch date. HECk , I could have posted my comment a month ago, but I waited... someone at work did say, well maybe the production version will definitely be of obvious higher performance thatn the Note 5. I seriously doubt it. I don't like the curve edges; I also haven't play with it much (even the iris scanner-- im busy and yet im writing this), and I do love the new stylus and of course, what I wanted so bad, the type C with bigger battery. Look at the new moto phones people (if you don't care about stylus or the Nexus ;).; I posted this a couple of years ago....sight; Certain companies get all phones (except Apple devices) about 2 to 3 months ahead of everyone. We don't put pics of the device online for sometimes it has a tag that can be trace back to whoever, in this case Sammy, gives it to. And we're talking a BIG FINE (not is not 20grand, is ALOT MORE!). Anyhow, sometimes we don't get the final hardware version of the phone (occasionally) but for the most part we do-- specially if we get additional phones closer to launch date. HECk , I could have posted my comment a month ago, but I waited... someone at work did say, well maybe the production version will definitely be of obvious higher performance thatn the Note 5. I seriously doubt it. I don't like the curve edges; I also haven't play with it much (even the iris scanner-- im busy and yet im writing this), and I do love the new stylus and of course, what I wanted so bad, the type C with bigger battery. Look at the new moto phones people (if you don't care about stylus or the Nexus ;).
amir sajjad, 28 Jul 2016maybe 12 mega pixel of note 7 is stronger than 16 mega pixel of note 5 ... it's so illogical i... morethey are probably doing the same as the s7, less megapixels for bigger pixels so we get improved low light performance; they are probably doing the same as the s7, less megapixels for bigger pixels so we get improved low light performance
amir sajjad, 28 Jul 2016maybe 12 mega pixel of note 7 is stronger than 16 mega pixel of note 5 ... it's so illogical i... moreIts not about megapixels, its about optic, lense and other hardware of camera. Even 5MPIX camera can be better than 20MPX camera cuz quality of material; Its not about megapixels, its about optic, lense and other hardware of camera. Even 5MPIX camera can be better than 20MPX camera cuz quality of material
Do I see 720p@240fps ?? That's awesome! !!; Do I see 720p@240fps ?? That's awesome! !!
vcrule, 27 Jul 2016I ran the antutu benchmark and as far as results, it should oblibirate the Note 5-- as expecte... moreYou've done a test how? The Note 7's official specs haven't even been released yet, so how are you comparing this to the Note 7? Until the phone hasn't been launched and actually tested don't rule the Note 7 out....it will be an amazing phone especially with the rumors of what it will have.; You've done a test how? The Note 7's official specs haven't even been released yet, so how are you comparing this to the Note 7? Until the phone hasn't been launched and actually tested don't rule the Note 7 out....it will be an amazing phone especially with the rumors of what it will have.
Vuthy, 28 Jul 2016Note5 have 16 megapixel camaramaybe 12 mega pixel of note 7 is stronger than 16 mega pixel of note 5 ... it's so illogical if the new version comes by lower quality.; maybe 12 mega pixel of note 7 is stronger than 16 mega pixel of note 5 ... it's so illogical if the new version comes by lower quality.
Thunder Leg, 27 Jul 2016What I don't get is that the note 7 has 12 Mega pixel camera but the note 4 has a 16 mega pix... moreNote5 have 16 megapixel camara; Note5 have 16 megapixel camara
Thunder Leg, 27 Jul 2016What I don't get is that the note 7 has 12 Mega pixel camera but the note 4 has a 16 mega pix... moreResearch shows that 12 megapixels is the perfect number for the best photos. Avoiding many errors on photographs caused by too high a pixle definition. I also agree that the note 4 is still reigning because of the removable battery. Though the processor and higher size battery are very good on the 7; Research shows that 12 megapixels is the perfect number for the best photos. Avoiding many errors on photographs caused by too high a pixle definition. I also agree that the note 4 is still reigning because of the removable battery. Though the processor and higher size battery are very good on the 7
upgrade the screen guy,to 5.9; upgrade the screen guy,to 5.9
@Sigye
 Note 5 have also IR Blaster ... I own it...; @Sigye; Note 5 have also IR Blaster ... I own it...
Iris scanner and fingerprint sensor both mentioned in specs. This didn't make a sense. Iris scanner is far better and safe then fingerprint.; Iris scanner and fingerprint sensor both mentioned in specs. This didn't make a sense. Iris scanner is far better and safe then fingerprint.
bk, 27 Jul 2016this phone is the eighth wonder of world.i agree with you on that.; i agree with you on that.
they should have brought back IR Bluster. Especially the remote feature was really handy. there was no single day i didnt use it. Still stuck with the Note 4 Because of the IR bluster.; they should have brought back IR Bluster. Especially the remote feature was really handy. there was no single day i didnt use it. Still stuck with the Note 4 Because of the IR bluster.
vcrule, 27 Jul 2016I ran the antutu benchmark and as far as results, it should oblibirate the Note 5-- as expecte... moreFake! Note7 is not even out yet.; Fake! Note7 is not even out yet.
Anonymous, 27 Jul 2016it has an option in the settings that will let you mirror it to your tv using wifi direct setu... moreSmart tv eliminates the need of chrome cast.; Smart tv eliminates the need of chrome cast.
You don't need chrome cast if you have a Samsung smart tv; You don't need chrome cast if you have a Samsung smart tv
MissyLee5, 26 Jul 2016The purported Edge display for the Note 7 is dumb AF. Note users don't want an Edge display (N... moreUnfortunately they only coming out with edge display, I held one today and the phone looks great but not coming out with regular display, also it's coming with micro c type charger, and they are also ditching the gold version! The s pen works so nice on the note7, it actually feels like a pencil writing on paper!; Unfortunately they only coming out with edge display, I held one today and the phone looks great but not coming out with regular display, also it's coming with micro c type charger, and they are also ditching the gold version! The s pen works so nice on the note7, it actually feels like a pencil writing on paper!
Anonymous, 27 Jul 2016it has an option in the settings that will let you mirror it to your tv using wifi direct setu... moreIt's called Samsung Smart View. You have to have both connected to the same wifi router.; It's called Samsung Smart View. You have to have both connected to the same wifi router.
Anonymous, 24 Jul 2016Can it be connected to TV through HDMI adapter? it has an option in the settings that will let you mirror it to your tv using wifi direct setup. You'll need an intermediary like a chormecast or fire stick; it has an option in the settings that will let you mirror it to your tv using wifi direct setup. You'll need an intermediary like a chormecast or fire stick
This is gonna be a heavy machine; This is gonna be a heavy machine
I ran the antutu benchmark and as far as results, it should oblibirate the Note 5-- as expected. So, I decided to give a real world test and download a pretty large video game. THE NOTE 5 was beating the 7 (same network); note 7 won by like 1%. okay now installing the damn game in both phone-- note 7 won by 1.5% of time. A patch was needed right away, both download and installed about the same time (maybe a second difference). PLAY the game and was both in the note 5 and note 7. I thought the game looked better in the note 5. I mainly buy the note for the STYLUS use, cause I actually use it for take notes at Church and at work! Im not a fan of the curve edges and im definitely not upgrading--- SO DISSAPOINTED! REal WORLD TEST people .. benchmarks can say what they want ....; I ran the antutu benchmark and as far as results, it should oblibirate the Note 5-- as expected. So, I decided to give a real world test and download a pretty large video game. THE NOTE 5 was beating the 7 (same network); note 7 won by like 1%. okay now installing the damn game in both phone-- note 7 won by 1.5% of time. A patch was needed right away, both download and installed about the same time (maybe a second difference). PLAY the game and was both in the note 5 and note 7. I thought the game looked better in the note 5. I mainly buy the note for the STYLUS use, cause I actually use it for take notes at Church and at work! Im not a fan of the curve edges and im definitely not upgrading--- SO DISSAPOINTED! REal WORLD TEST people .. benchmarks can say what they want ....
this phone is the eighth wonder of world.; this phone is the eighth wonder of world.
Thunder Leg, 27 Jul 2016What I don't get is that the note 7 has 12 Mega pixel camera but the note 4 has a 16 mega pix... morebut it shoots at 2180 as appose to 1080; but it shoots at 2180 as appose to 1080
Sliferman, 27 Jul 2016Uh 6 GB of RAM, Snapdragon 821, Android 7.0, and 256 GB of internal memory.thats raight; thats raight
MissyLee5, 26 Jul 2016The purported Edge display for the Note 7 is dumb AF. Note users don't want an Edge display (N... moreWhat I don't get is that the note 7 has 12 Mega pixel camera but the note 4 has a 16 mega pixel isn't that a bit of an anti climax?
 
 And I don't like the non removable battery thing at all I think the best phone is the note 4 at the moment which I have; What I don't get is that the note 7 has 12 Mega pixel camera but the note 4 has a 16 mega pixel isn't that a bit of an anti climax?; And I don't like the non removable battery thing at all I think the best phone is the note 4 at the moment which I have
Anonymous, 27 Jul 2016come on guys give us something interesting,every top of the range phone is the same nothing ch... moreUh 6 GB of RAM, Snapdragon 821, Android 7.0, and 256 GB of internal memory.; Uh 6 GB of RAM, Snapdragon 821, Android 7.0, and 256 GB of internal memory.
Anonymous, 27 Jul 2016Why a non removable battery?Because the back is glass; Because the back is glass
I've been a note lover since they came out. I recently turned to Apple because I switch over to a new phone company and I had already had the note 5 and I was not a fan of the edge phone 7 nor the small phone. I can't wait to see what the note 7 will bring as I'm ready to go back to Samsung but with that said I won't get an edge phone so I hope Samsung has more options. Im a home health nurse and depend on my phone a lot and screen size is very important to me but I won't get an edge.; I've been a note lover since they came out. I recently turned to Apple because I switch over to a new phone company and I had already had the note 5 and I was not a fan of the edge phone 7 nor the small phone. I can't wait to see what the note 7 will bring as I'm ready to go back to Samsung but with that said I won't get an edge phone so I hope Samsung has more options. Im a home health nurse and depend on my phone a lot and screen size is very important to me but I won't get an edge.
Sediq, 25 Jul 2016Bro spen not good useful tool My note 5 spen broke easily when my phone droped to surface it... moreDude if you belive S-pen is not useful tool you should never buy Note series phone at the first place.
 S-pen is one of the best feature in this phone. That why most of Note owners coming back to same phone but new generation because no another make produce anything even close.; Dude if you belive S-pen is not useful tool you should never buy Note series phone at the first place.; S-pen is one of the best feature in this phone. That why most of Note owners coming back to same phone but new generation because no another make produce anything even close.
come on guys give us something interesting,every top of the range phone is the same nothing changes besides the face and name!; come on guys give us something interesting,every top of the range phone is the same nothing changes besides the face and name!
as usual cheapskate sammy on battery issue.. it s should more than 4000 mah batt. juice..; as usual cheapskate sammy on battery issue.. it s should more than 4000 mah batt. juice..
Why a non removable battery?; Why a non removable battery?
MissyLee5, 26 Jul 2016The purported Edge display for the Note 7 is dumb AF. Note users don't want an Edge display (N... moreI happen to love my Note 4 edge and I use the edge functions daily.; I happen to love my Note 4 edge and I use the edge functions daily.
The purported Edge display for the Note 7 is dumb AF. Note users don't want an Edge display (Note 4 Edge anyone? Discontinued shortly after release), that's what the S7 Edge is for. If the rumors hold true, Samsung is going to take a huge hit by only releasing a curved edge version. I was so much happier with my Note 3, I can't wait to get rid of my Note 5. But now I, along with every other Note user I've talked to, am most likely going to leave Samsung over this and go with a different phone. I work in the mobile industry, and the S7 majorly outsells the S7 Edge, by about 10:1. The Edge is extremely fragile with no tempered glass option (completely idiotic) and has a crap selection of cases as it's apparently hard to make cases for the Edge. They only just recently came out with an Otterbox Defender for the Edge. The screen protectors that are available don't lay flat once you put a case on, it pushes the edges right up. Most people who have the edge phones come in with broken screens due to the inadequate protection of crappy edge cases. 
 
 Bad move Samsung, smh.; The purported Edge display for the Note 7 is dumb AF. Note users don't want an Edge display (Note 4 Edge anyone? Discontinued shortly after release), that's what the S7 Edge is for. If the rumors hold true, Samsung is going to take a huge hit by only releasing a curved edge version. I was so much happier with my Note 3, I can't wait to get rid of my Note 5. But now I, along with every other Note user I've talked to, am most likely going to leave Samsung over this and go with a different phone. I work in the mobile industry, and the S7 majorly outsells the S7 Edge, by about 10:1. The Edge is extremely fragile with no tempered glass option (completely idiotic) and has a crap selection of cases as it's apparently hard to make cases for the Edge. They only just recently came out with an Otterbox Defender for the Edge. The screen protectors that are available don't lay flat once you put a case on, it pushes the edges right up. Most people who have the edge phones come in with broken screens due to the inadequate protection of crappy edge cases.; Bad move Samsung, smh.
Sediq, 25 Jul 2016Bro spen not good useful tool My note 5 spen broke easily when my phone droped to surface it... moreDude! Dont blame the whole thing over an SPen that broke due to an accidental circumstance. The phone's main functions still works with or without it.; Dude! Dont blame the whole thing over an SPen that broke due to an accidental circumstance. The phone's main functions still works with or without it.
li po : 4000 mah; li po : 4000 mah
I already have a few cases from spigen for the note 7 and I notice the size isn't much bigger then the s7 edge. Hopefully they cut down the bezel but usually 5.5 and 5.7 the cases are much different but the s7 edge almost fits perfectly in the note 7 case; I already have a few cases from spigen for the note 7 and I notice the size isn't much bigger then the s7 edge. Hopefully they cut down the bezel but usually 5.5 and 5.7 the cases are much different but the s7 edge almost fits perfectly in the note 7 case
I was hoping this phone will have a better camera than the S7 even S7's camera is one of the best already. Hopefully the price tag will not go over $1,000 (CAD).; I was hoping this phone will have a better camera than the S7 even S7's camera is one of the best already. Hopefully the price tag will not go over $1,000 (CAD).
Sediq, 25 Jul 2016Bro spen not good useful tool My note 5 spen broke easily when my phone droped to surface it... moreLearn to be more careful with your phone, saying it sucks and/or useless because you broke it is not reasonable. You are not the only person using smartphones, so S-Pen can be a lot more useful to others than yourself. For example, someone who takes notes and jot down ideas a lot when traveling.; Learn to be more careful with your phone, saying it sucks and/or useless because you broke it is not reasonable. You are not the only person using smartphones, so S-Pen can be a lot more useful to others than yourself. For example, someone who takes notes and jot down ideas a lot when traveling.
If they release only the Edge version of this phone, I know alot of people will be gravely disappointed. I know I will NOT buy it unless I can get the standard look, without he curved edges.; If they release only the Edge version of this phone, I know alot of people will be gravely disappointed. I know I will NOT buy it unless I can get the standard look, without he curved edges.
Anonymous, 25 Jul 2016I'll only be buying because of the S pen. Thats where the Iphone 6s Plus went wrong for me (la... moreBro spen not good useful tool 
 My note 5 spen broke easily when my phone droped to surface it withdrow and broked; Bro spen not good useful tool; My note 5 spen broke easily when my phone droped to surface it withdrow and broked
Need-IR, 25 Jul 2016Hoping the infra-red (IR) transmitter is retained. I use it to control all my A/V equipment. S... moreIt actually does not come with IR blaster.; It actually does not come with IR blaster.
Hoping the infra-red (IR) transmitter is retained. I use it to control all my A/V equipment. Skipped the Note 5 because of the missing microSD. Would hate to have to skip the Note 7 because of missing IR.; Hoping the infra-red (IR) transmitter is retained. I use it to control all my A/V equipment. Skipped the Note 5 because of the missing microSD. Would hate to have to skip the Note 7 because of missing IR.
looking forward...hope it lives up to expectations...amoled is the best display on earth right now..they need to get other things right too..; looking forward...hope it lives up to expectations...amoled is the best display on earth right now..they need to get other things right too..
I am planning to venture for GN7.
 Would anyone experienced kindly advise me is it better to buy immediately as soon as it come out our better to wait for while?
 I.e. In terms of specs not price.; I am planning to venture for GN7.; Would anyone experienced kindly advise me is it better to buy immediately as soon as it come out our better to wait for while?; I.e. In terms of specs not price.
I'll only be buying because of the S pen. Thats where the Iphone 6s Plus went wrong for me (lack of stylus). A stylus gives a smartphone more capabilities and I am one those dudes who doesn't reckon carrying a tablet around; I'll only be buying because of the S pen. Thats where the Iphone 6s Plus went wrong for me (lack of stylus). A stylus gives a smartphone more capabilities and I am one those dudes who doesn't reckon carrying a tablet around
SteveInSeattle, 25 Jul 2016It does come with 4000ah... and it runs Android 7, so the Android 6 doze feature is included (... moreonly 3500mah; only 3500mah
jemmi, 25 Jul 2016Better Camera & hopefully with Corning Gorilla Glass version 5.0 same sensor bro; same sensor bro
Eagerly waiting,Note 7 with dual sim.
 But i'm not sure it will be available in Saudi arab region.Can anyone tell..??
 Becoz,before note 5 launched in Saudi Arab with only single sim version 
 Thanks, suhail; Eagerly waiting,Note 7 with dual sim.; But i'm not sure it will be available in Saudi arab region.Can anyone tell..??; Becoz,before note 5 launched in Saudi Arab with only single sim version; Thanks, suhail
I hope it will include IR (infrared) for remote controls :(; I hope it will include IR (infrared) for remote controls :(
Anonymous, 24 Jul 2016Does it have infrared ?NO ir; NO ir
Julliard, 24 Jul 2016However, most manufacturer stop making removable battery in their flagship. There is nothing y... morewho said nly lg has stopeed that..; who said nly lg has stopeed that..
Better Camera & hopefully with Corning Gorilla Glass version 5.0; Better Camera & hopefully with Corning Gorilla Glass version 5.0
SteveInSeattle, 25 Jul 2016It does come with 4000ah... and it runs Android 7, so the Android 6 doze feature is included (... moreFor the record, just upgrading my s6 edge to Android 6.0.1 made a huge improvement in battery life. If I could make it waterproof I'd still use my s6 edge over my s7s (s6 has an IR blaster, 128 Gb internal memory, and a ligher frame / friendlier size).; For the record, just upgrading my s6 edge to Android 6.0.1 made a huge improvement in battery life. If I could make it waterproof I'd still use my s6 edge over my s7s (s6 has an IR blaster, 128 Gb internal memory, and a ligher frame / friendlier size).
Primssoko, 25 Jul 2016am waiting for this phone to come out will upgrade from my s5. i wish it comes with 4000mah ba... moreIt does come with 4000ah... and it runs Android 7, so the Android 6 doze feature is included (unlike your 5)... and it uses Quick Charge 3.0 which is faster than the Note 5/s6/s7 Quick Charge 2.0. Battery life won't be nearly as much of a headache as last gen units had.; It does come with 4000ah... and it runs Android 7, so the Android 6 doze feature is included (unlike your 5)... and it uses Quick Charge 3.0 which is faster than the Note 5/s6/s7 Quick Charge 2.0. Battery life won't be nearly as much of a headache as last gen units had.
Work horse to end all competition with tablets?
 
 Look for a docking station to appear for this bad boy. 246MB internal rom, 6 gb ram, 821 proc? Awesome. I'll be trading in my S6 Edge, and two S7 Edges for this monster.
 
 
 
 Only criticisms? No IR blaster (same problem S7 had), no FM radio (get with the program Samsung), only 1 size available. 
 
 The S6 edge was a perfect size for a phone. THE S7 edge is a touch large for me, but it's ok in a feathlight case like the UAG. REALLY wish the Note 7 wasn't bigger than the s7 though.; Work horse to end all competition with tablets?; Look for a docking station to appear for this bad boy. 246MB internal rom, 6 gb ram, 821 proc? Awesome. I'll be trading in my S6 Edge, and two S7 Edges for this monster.; Only criticisms? No IR blaster (same problem S7 had), no FM radio (get with the program Samsung), only 1 size available.; The S6 edge was a perfect size for a phone. THE S7 edge is a touch large for me, but it's ok in a feathlight case like the UAG. REALLY wish the Note 7 wasn't bigger than the s7 though.
am waiting for this phone to come out will upgrade from my s5. i wish it comes with 4000mah battery though; am waiting for this phone to come out will upgrade from my s5. i wish it comes with 4000mah battery though
Anonymous, 22 Jul 2016How about windows os?Does it have infrared ?; Does it have infrared ?
Aniket Shetty, 24 Jul 2016I don't understand were is note 6 why Samsung directly jump to note 7?To come in line with the S line....
 
 Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge and now Note 7
 
 Next year will be the Note 8 in line with S8; To come in line with the S line....; Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge and now Note 7; Next year will be the Note 8 in line with S8
i m dying to buy note 7, now using note 5 but 
 note 7 is very much upgrading with following new features
 1 iris scanner
 2 water resistance 
 3 with micro card slot
 4 USB TYPE C WITH fast charge
 5 big battery
 6 6GB ram
 7 curved screen
 super specification....i m user of note series from 1st Note. thank u Samsung; i m dying to buy note 7, now using note 5 but; note 7 is very much upgrading with following new features; 1 iris scanner; 2 water resistance; 3 with micro card slot; 4 USB TYPE C WITH fast charge; 5 big battery; 6 6GB ram; 7 curved screen; super specification....i m user of note series from 1st Note. thank u Samsung
I don't understand were is note 6 why Samsung directly jump to note 7?; I don't understand were is note 6 why Samsung directly jump to note 7?
prince-Vikram, 24 Jul 2016dnt mind bt i believe non removable btry are btter in durability quality and hav better back upHowever, most manufacturer stop making removable battery in their flagship. There is nothing you can do about it.; However, most manufacturer stop making removable battery in their flagship. There is nothing you can do about it.
Julliard, 24 Jul 2016This comment is so 2015. Hello there newbie. Welcome to Samsung. Never had removable battery s... morednt mind bt i believe non removable btry are btter in durability quality and hav better back up; dnt mind bt i believe non removable btry are btter in durability quality and hav better back up
ya u dnt know the thing. they are using superior lens..
 like the apple has 12 mp. 
 
 m a note 4 user and i hav 16 mb bt 8mp is enuf. beyod 8 mp its not worth. the lens quality matters. nw they are introducing awsme lens like apple uses; ya u dnt know the thing. they are using superior lens..; like the apple has 12 mp.; m a note 4 user and i hav 16 mb bt 8mp is enuf. beyod 8 mp its not worth. the lens quality matters. nw they are introducing awsme lens like apple uses
Just 12 MP camera, even the Chinese Xiaomi and Lenovo have 13 MP front camera.; Just 12 MP camera, even the Chinese Xiaomi and Lenovo have 13 MP front camera.
Anonymous, 22 Jul 2016Oh man no removable battery. That's a bummer. Time to switch to something elseThis comment is so 2015. Hello there newbie. Welcome to Samsung. Never had removable battery since last year, okay. Good. Get another flagship phone that have a removable battery and not a China brand. Good luck finding that. Your best target is LG G5.; This comment is so 2015. Hello there newbie. Welcome to Samsung. Never had removable battery since last year, okay. Good. Get another flagship phone that have a removable battery and not a China brand. Good luck finding that. Your best target is LG G5.
Can it be connected to TV through HDMI adapter?; Can it be connected to TV through HDMI adapter?
Gi, 23 Jul 2016So the only upgraded hardware is the camera, RAM and the memory card slot? Would like to see a... moreMy concern that 6" could be big for the hand to hold and maybe it won't be pocket size.; My concern that 6" could be big for the hand to hold and maybe it won't be pocket size.
A removable battery would be a huge plus. There are times when the phone needs to be reset. And attempting to power off doesn't work.; A removable battery would be a huge plus. There are times when the phone needs to be reset. And attempting to power off doesn't work.
Note 7 is confirmed as the first Gorilla Glass 5 mobile; Note 7 is confirmed as the first Gorilla Glass 5 mobile
SAMSUNG GALAXY NOTE 7- should be delight if price is right ..NO REGION locking - international versions..; SAMSUNG GALAXY NOTE 7- should be delight if price is right ..NO REGION locking - international versions..
Gi, 23 Jul 2016So the only upgraded hardware is the camera, RAM and the memory card slot? Would like to see a... morealso 1440 x 2560 pixels (~515 ppi pixel density) if u read it all; also 1440 x 2560 pixels (~515 ppi pixel density) if u read it all
So the only upgraded hardware is the camera, RAM and the memory card slot? Would like to see a 6" screen. The camera on the N5 is still really good. And I have the N5 64gb model. Plenty of space for my needs. I suppose the RAM is a big plus but I haven't experienced any real lag with the 4gb in the N5. I've had every Note but it will take more features for me to kick out another $900. The only true reasons to get a Note over the S7 is screen size and the S Pen. That is where Samsung's focus should be.; So the only upgraded hardware is the camera, RAM and the memory card slot? Would like to see a 6" screen. The camera on the N5 is still really good. And I have the N5 64gb model. Plenty of space for my needs. I suppose the RAM is a big plus but I haven't experienced any real lag with the 4gb in the N5. I've had every Note but it will take more features for me to kick out another $900. The only true reasons to get a Note over the S7 is screen size and the S Pen. That is where Samsung's focus should be.
Konvict Antar, 23 Jul 2016i dont know why peoples are running after note 7,what's about note 6, anybody knw???There is no note 6, Samsung releasing Note 7 to make it in line with S7...
 previously its like S3, Note 2, S4 Note3, 
 S6 note5
 
 But now it will be S7 Note 7, S8 Note 8, etc.; There is no note 6, Samsung releasing Note 7 to make it in line with S7...; previously its like S3, Note 2, S4 Note3,; S6 note5; But now it will be S7 Note 7, S8 Note 8, etc.
They skipped the note 6; They skipped the note 6
Anonymous, 22 Jul 2016Oh man no removable battery. That's a bummer. Time to switch to something elseha ha ... Try the LG G5.... battery life is shocking so you will need a removable battery.; ha ha ... Try the LG G5.... battery life is shocking so you will need a removable battery.
AndroidSoldier, 22 Jul 2016Try to reaearch what is the benifits of those circumstances. . . Learn pls learnrealtime user wil definitely tell u the benefit. but one who hardly use phone but to keep phone for style statement might not be able to tell u the missing features.; realtime user wil definitely tell u the benefit. but one who hardly use phone but to keep phone for style statement might not be able to tell u the missing features.
i dont know why peoples are running after note 7,what's about note 6, anybody knw???; i dont know why peoples are running after note 7,what's about note 6, anybody knw???
Already have a few cases and a screen protector for the note 7, was debating between the black and blue but I decided to go with the onxy black; Already have a few cases and a screen protector for the note 7, was debating between the black and blue but I decided to go with the onxy black
AndroidSoldier, 22 Jul 2016Try to reaearch what is the benifits of those circumstances. . . Learn pls learnI mean come on this,phone will be brilliant cant wait to have it in my hand and run pokemon GO on there 
 #excited; I mean come on this,phone will be brilliant cant wait to have it in my hand and run pokemon GO on there; #excited
raj, 22 Jul 2016this phone is over priced and with no decent upgrade. many other phone companies brought ther... moreTry to reaearch what is the benifits of those circumstances. . . Learn pls learn; Try to reaearch what is the benifits of those circumstances. . . Learn pls learn
How about windows os?; How about windows os?
Whoaaa! It seems that we gonna have an exceptional leap in Smartphones generation.; Whoaaa! It seems that we gonna have an exceptional leap in Smartphones generation.
Suey74, 22 Jul 2016You must not be used to buying flagships.Most do not have removable batteries.It's a non issue... moreThough the charging is not an issue anymore... batteries still have a life expectancy on them. This is why the removable battery is still a good choice as it lets me get a new battery when the current one is end of life.; Though the charging is not an issue anymore... batteries still have a life expectancy on them. This is why the removable battery is still a good choice as it lets me get a new battery when the current one is end of life.
One thing is sure it's not 6gb ram; One thing is sure it's not 6gb ram
Oh man no removable battery. That's a bummer. Time to switch to something else; Oh man no removable battery. That's a bummer. Time to switch to something else
Jth, 22 Jul 2016Actually you can replace the battery by taking your phone to service center good answer bro.... hats off to u on such comment.....i think u will open ur own samsung service center....; good answer bro.... hats off to u on such comment.....i think u will open ur own samsung service center....
this phone is over priced and with no decent upgrade.
 many other phone companies brought there phone with similar or better specs but with decent price tag.
 
 No IR, non removable battery, no dual sim support for official and personal life, no radio, low MP camera makes it a costlier product.; this phone is over priced and with no decent upgrade.; many other phone companies brought there phone with similar or better specs but with decent price tag.; No IR, non removable battery, no dual sim support for official and personal life, no radio, low MP camera makes it a costlier product.
Anonymous, 21 Jul 2016Non removable battery. Fail!You must not be used to buying flagships.Most do not have removable batteries.It's a non issue nowadays with quick charge, battery cases and an overall battery life.; You must not be used to buying flagships.Most do not have removable batteries.It's a non issue nowadays with quick charge, battery cases and an overall battery life.
Jaan, 22 Jul 2016Cons. Did not add support of upto 42bit audio quality, Quick charge 3.0, Not high MP camera... moreagreed; agreed
JACK SPARRROW, 21 Jul 2016These glass backs are terrible, fingerprint magnets, can crack etc. The note series should hav... moreDon't know what you're doing with your phones but I've never had any of my 3 crack. As for fingerprints...Oh well, it's a premium build. Some pretty sweet cases out there if fingerprints bother you so much.; Don't know what you're doing with your phones but I've never had any of my 3 crack. As for fingerprints...Oh well, it's a premium build. Some pretty sweet cases out there if fingerprints bother you so much.
CPA, 20 Jul 2016The battery is the Achilles Heel for all cell phones. Batteries will only last for a limited n... moreActually you can replace the battery by taking your phone to service center; Actually you can replace the battery by taking your phone to service center
Jaan, 22 Jul 2016Cons. Did not add support of upto 42bit audio quality, Quick charge 3.0, Not high MP camera... moreNot even Pro Tools HD systems record at 42bit, and their 32bit is ONLY for editing purposes, 24 bit is still over kill. That is 96db of dynamic range which is NUTS considering when most people compress their songs to high heaven. CDs are 16 bit for god sake, and they are purposely double of what we can detect (Shannon Nyquist theory). USB c 3.1 is able to handle Qualcomms higher standards then you've been use to, even with 3.0. As for the megapixel count, it's ALL about sensor size (and not bottle necking lenses) not MP count. Pick up a 15 year old 16mp medium format phase one h20 and compare it to some high pixel count bleeding edge smart phone. You'll change your opinion to "every phone camera is gonna suck up until about... ever".; Not even Pro Tools HD systems record at 42bit, and their 32bit is ONLY for editing purposes, 24 bit is still over kill. That is 96db of dynamic range which is NUTS considering when most people compress their songs to high heaven. CDs are 16 bit for god sake, and they are purposely double of what we can detect (Shannon Nyquist theory). USB c 3.1 is able to handle Qualcomms higher standards then you've been use to, even with 3.0. As for the megapixel count, it's ALL about sensor size (and not bottle necking lenses) not MP count. Pick up a 15 year old 16mp medium format phase one h20 and compare it to some high pixel count bleeding edge smart phone. You'll change your opinion to "every phone camera is gonna suck up until about... ever".
Cons.
 Did not add support of upto 42bit audio quality,
 Quick charge 3.0,
 Not high MP camera in my opinion this note needs 20MP atleast with 2&#956;m & full control Mannual mode for camera & camcorder (Super Sharp vivid Pixels).
 IR blaster,
 600+ ppi pixel density,; Cons.; Did not add support of upto 42bit audio quality,; Quick charge 3.0,; Not high MP camera in my opinion this note needs 20MP atleast with 2&#956;m & full control Mannual mode for camera & camcorder (Super Sharp vivid Pixels).; IR blaster,; 600+ ppi pixel density,
I think it is time to upgrade my SGN 03....the expandable memory card slot is a very much welcome feature of SGN 07 that is missing in SGN 05....cheers...:); I think it is time to upgrade my SGN 03....the expandable memory card slot is a very much welcome feature of SGN 07 that is missing in SGN 05....cheers...:)
Anonymous, 21 Jul 2016I think the only new high end phone with a removable battery is the LG G5... its battery life ... moreYOU'RE welcome, not your welcome.; YOU'RE welcome, not your welcome.
These glass backs are terrible, fingerprint magnets, can crack etc. The note series should have always stuck with the leather back.; These glass backs are terrible, fingerprint magnets, can crack etc. The note series should have always stuck with the leather back.
Anonymous, 21 Jul 2016Non removable battery. Fail!removable battery is not necessary in today's world. not an issue.; removable battery is not necessary in today's world. not an issue.
Anonymous, 21 Jul 2016Non removable battery. Fail!I think the only new high end phone with a removable battery is the LG G5... its battery life is shocking but your welcome to get it instead... Note battery life is always good and the GN7 promises to be a lot better according to the rumors.; I think the only new high end phone with a removable battery is the LG G5... its battery life is shocking but your welcome to get it instead... Note battery life is always good and the GN7 promises to be a lot better according to the rumors.
ahmed tanveer, 19 Jul 2016No one knows the actual reason why samsung skipped note 6. One theory is= There are 5 simple... morethere"s actually 7 Galaxy Notes (phones, not tablet).
 - the original Galaxy Note
 - Galaxy Note II
 - Galaxy Note 3
 - Galaxy Note 3 Neo
 - Galaxy Note 4
 - Galaxy Note Edge
 - Galaxy Note 5
 
 IMHO, Samsung should release both Note 6 and Note7 at the same time, 
 just like they did with Note 3 & Note 3 Neo, or Note 4 & Note Edge.; there"s actually 7 Galaxy Notes (phones, not tablet).; - the original Galaxy Note; - Galaxy Note II; - Galaxy Note 3; - Galaxy Note 3 Neo; - Galaxy Note 4; - Galaxy Note Edge; - Galaxy Note 5; IMHO, Samsung should release both Note 6 and Note7 at the same time,; just like they did with Note 3 & Note 3 Neo, or Note 4 & Note Edge.
Non removable battery. Fail!; Non removable battery. Fail!
Note 5 was not released in Europe over the mobile operators, and that's because is skipped number in generations.; Note 5 was not released in Europe over the mobile operators, and that's because is skipped number in generations.
They went straight to Note 7 to stream line there numbers since the Galaxy S series is on the 7th generation of phones. They were concerned that people who don't follow the phone releases would see the Galaxy S7 and the Note 6 and think the S7 was the better phone since it has the higher number, when in actuality the Note 6 is the better phone so they skipped the 6 and went straight to 7.; They went straight to Note 7 to stream line there numbers since the Galaxy S series is on the 7th generation of phones. They were concerned that people who don't follow the phone releases would see the Galaxy S7 and the Note 6 and think the S7 was the better phone since it has the higher number, when in actuality the Note 6 is the better phone so they skipped the 6 and went straight to 7.
ahmed tanveer, 19 Jul 2016No one knows the actual reason why samsung skipped note 6. One theory is= There are 5 simple... moreThey didn't want their most premium part to be misperceived as older or 'out of date'.
 And, yes, it would have cost them a few sales,..
 
 Hope someone brought up that we all bought into Windows 10 (where is windows 9?), without worrying too much about Win 9.
 
 That was more to do with potential software code mishandling win 95/98 software as 'win 9'.
 (microsoft coder confirmed)
 
 Everything is better with bluetooth!
 
 Besides if apple are selling a seventh 'gen' product, surely the formidable Notes can 'keep up'! (yes, a joke, notes are the flagship tech product- only thing that part validates the relevancy of the note 2/ iphone 6s 'army upgrade'... Note products are usually a year or so ahead of smaller devices getting same power...); They didn't want their most premium part to be misperceived as older or 'out of date'.; And, yes, it would have cost them a few sales,..; Hope someone brought up that we all bought into Windows 10 (where is windows 9?), without worrying too much about Win 9.; That was more to do with potential software code mishandling win 95/98 software as 'win 9'.; (microsoft coder confirmed); Everything is better with bluetooth!; Besides if apple are selling a seventh 'gen' product, surely the formidable Notes can 'keep up'! (yes, a joke, notes are the flagship tech product- only thing that part validates the relevancy of the note 2/ iphone 6s 'army upgrade'... Note products are usually a year or so ahead of smaller devices getting same power...)
It seems that they are considering the Note Edge as the Note 6 while equaling the generation number with the Galaxy S line.; It seems that they are considering the Note Edge as the Note 6 while equaling the generation number with the Galaxy S line.
Pcriz, 19 Jul 2016I dunno, people seem to be doing fine with sealed in batteries so far. I have had more than a ... moreTrue. No one ever complain about tablet sealed battery. Oddly tablet can still last for many many years.; True. No one ever complain about tablet sealed battery. Oddly tablet can still last for many many years.
ahmed tanveer, 19 Jul 2016No one knows the actual reason why samsung skipped note 6. One theory is= There are 5 simple... moreeasy. To compete with the iphone 7.; easy. To compete with the iphone 7.
Move on guys, come on...
 Today is 2016, and in a few next month will become 2017...
 Technology will become more amazing and we must accept that no matter you like it or not.; Move on guys, come on...; Today is 2016, and in a few next month will become 2017...; Technology will become more amazing and we must accept that no matter you like it or not.
sulabh, 19 Jul 2016What a childish thing to skip a generation and name it note 7.They didn't think that for all t... moreChildish? They are merely trying to simplify things. S7 and Note 7 being released in the same year makes more sense than S7 and Note 6. So next year, it will be the S8 and the Note 8. It isn't rocket science.; Childish? They are merely trying to simplify things. S7 and Note 7 being released in the same year makes more sense than S7 and Note 6. So next year, it will be the S8 and the Note 8. It isn't rocket science.
If it realy miss IR blaster....i never upgrade my note 4.....really hopeless. ... i can buy ASUS zenphone 3 which have ir blaster.....; If it realy miss IR blaster....i never upgrade my note 4.....really hopeless. ... i can buy ASUS zenphone 3 which have ir blaster.....
Andy , 20 Jul 2016If it is going to have less than 6" screen, I'm not buying it. Pocket and hand grip size is also very important...; Pocket and hand grip size is also very important...
where is NOTE 6....; where is NOTE 6....
If it is going to have less than 6" screen, I'm not buying it.; If it is going to have less than 6" screen, I'm not buying it.
I read a couple months ago it was simply to keep the Note models up with the number of S models, to align the numbering so they are not releasing an S7 alongside a Note 6 but rather an S7 alongside a Note 7. Makes perfect sense to me.; I read a couple months ago it was simply to keep the Note models up with the number of S models, to align the numbering so they are not releasing an S7 alongside a Note 6 but rather an S7 alongside a Note 7. Makes perfect sense to me.
The battery is the Achilles Heel for all cell phones. Batteries will only last for a limited number of charge/discharge cycles and then require a replacement. By making the battery non replaceable, Samsung is forcing customers to instead replace their phone (like Apple has always done). I'm sure that this makes business sense but as a customer I will probably move away from Samsung to LG or elsewhere.; The battery is the Achilles Heel for all cell phones. Batteries will only last for a limited number of charge/discharge cycles and then require a replacement. By making the battery non replaceable, Samsung is forcing customers to instead replace their phone (like Apple has always done). I'm sure that this makes business sense but as a customer I will probably move away from Samsung to LG or elsewhere.
Pcriz, 19 Jul 2016I dunno, people seem to be doing fine with sealed in batteries so far. I have had more than a ... moreIf you only keep your phone 12 months or do light use a sealed battery is ok. After 18 months of heavy use my GN4 battery was really struggling. It drained quickly then would switch off at 15-18%... replaced it and its great again.; If you only keep your phone 12 months or do light use a sealed battery is ok. After 18 months of heavy use my GN4 battery was really struggling. It drained quickly then would switch off at 15-18%... replaced it and its great again.
It's all about marketing. Since the latest Galaxy is the 7 it only makes sense to have a Note 7 as well.; It's all about marketing. Since the latest Galaxy is the 7 it only makes sense to have a Note 7 as well.
sulabh, 19 Jul 2016What a childish thing to skip a generation and name it note 7.They didn't think that for all t... moreYeah you're right, they should have started with the Galaxy Note 2.; Yeah you're right, they should have started with the Galaxy Note 2.
Is it true that Samsung Galaxy Note 7 comes with only flat scren!!!!!!!; Is it true that Samsung Galaxy Note 7 comes with only flat scren!!!!!!!
It was done to bring them inline with the Galaxy S line S7/S7 edge; It was done to bring them inline with the Galaxy S line S7/S7 edge
The answer is simple: Samsung leave the Note 6 because of economical reason. Dont forget that the Note 1 came after the galaxy s2. If they stop this tradition, then they can rich one year for the development.; The answer is simple: Samsung leave the Note 6 because of economical reason. Dont forget that the Note 1 came after the galaxy s2. If they stop this tradition, then they can rich one year for the development.
I dunno, people seem to be doing fine with sealed in batteries so far. I have had more than a few android phones with sealed in batteries. Lets not forget every tablet comes that way.; I dunno, people seem to be doing fine with sealed in batteries so far. I have had more than a few android phones with sealed in batteries. Lets not forget every tablet comes that way.
Observer1979, 18 Jul 2016as long as samsung continue the trend of making their flag ship phones battery non removable i... moreIt would be nice to have removable batteries because if your phone acts up and freezes that's a good solution take out the battery to hard shut down the phone. Also if the battery is the problem of why it needs replacing it cn be removed easy.; It would be nice to have removable batteries because if your phone acts up and freezes that's a good solution take out the battery to hard shut down the phone. Also if the battery is the problem of why it needs replacing it cn be removed easy.
sulabh, 19 Jul 2016What a childish thing to skip a generation and name it note 7.They didn't think that for all t... moreNo one knows the actual reason why samsung skipped note 6.
 One theory is=
 There are 5 simple note and one note edge.
 So,by combining edge into note series,you get 6 phones.
 So,the upcoming may be considered as 7th.
 Other is=
 Samsung skipped 6th for s series so that they both can have 7th one instead of 6th and 7th.
 If,samsung skipped it for the second reason,so it is childish.
 Otherwise,it is not too childish.; No one knows the actual reason why samsung skipped note 6.; One theory is=; There are 5 simple note and one note edge.; So,by combining edge into note series,you get 6 phones.; So,the upcoming may be considered as 7th.; Other is=; Samsung skipped 6th for s series so that they both can have 7th one instead of 6th and 7th.; If,samsung skipped it for the second reason,so it is childish.; Otherwise,it is not too childish.
What a childish thing to skip a generation and name it note 7.They didn't think that for all those years.; What a childish thing to skip a generation and name it note 7.They didn't think that for all those years.
ThatMysteriousPanda, 19 Jul 2016The screen size is the same as a Note 4 by bigger I mean the edge on it.; by bigger I mean the edge on it.
kerginaldo, 19 Jul 2016I see two negatives point's about the Note 7:nom removable batt and glass in back.If the phone... moreThat's why you have covers; That's why you have covers
John, 17 Jul 2016Where the Note 6~ they have explained it a dozen times already, they cancelled note 6 to get note series in line with the s series; they have explained it a dozen times already, they cancelled note 6 to get note series in line with the s series
Jefferson50000, 18 Jul 2016Your forgetting that it has a bigger screen, ALOT more of internal memory, and probably a new ... moreThe screen size is the same as a Note 4; The screen size is the same as a Note 4
Anonymous, 18 Jul 2016I hope the price of note 7 is under $800It will never be under 800$ on the release date.. I would expected it to be ~850..900$. If you want this phone to be under 800$, wait for half a year at least.
 
 Best regards.; It will never be under 800$ on the release date.. I would expected it to be ~850..900$. If you want this phone to be under 800$, wait for half a year at least.; Best regards.
The rumors say the price will be higher then the S7.
 In Europe the price should be about 850 Euro.; The rumors say the price will be higher then the S7.; In Europe the price should be about 850 Euro.
Bunyip22, 19 Jul 2016Battery life will certainly be better than all previous notes.Well it isn't certain yet until we see it. You never know with samsung. From exploding Galaxy s4's to waterproof metal phones (S7).; Well it isn't certain yet until we see it. You never know with samsung. From exploding Galaxy s4's to waterproof metal phones (S7).
Looking to upgrade my Note4 this year and I can say Note7 is the beast among the smartphones in 2016.. Higher spec, improved software and hardware, much better phone built quality with the curved edge.. I love how i can customize things in android phone from live wallpapers, screensavers, widgets and even the rows/columns of phone given that pumped up specs.. (*cough* iphone got nothing new); Looking to upgrade my Note4 this year and I can say Note7 is the beast among the smartphones in 2016.. Higher spec, improved software and hardware, much better phone built quality with the curved edge.. I love how i can customize things in android phone from live wallpapers, screensavers, widgets and even the rows/columns of phone given that pumped up specs.. (*cough* iphone got nothing new)
Jefferson50000, 18 Jul 2016Damn, I never thought I would see a samsung phone so OVERPOWERED. Not a bad thing. I just hope... moreBattery life will certainly be better than all previous notes.; Battery life will certainly be better than all previous notes.
kerginaldo, 19 Jul 2016The best version of Note still the Note 4.I love my note 4 but at 2 years old its getting a bit tired... i really want the big improvement in low light photos.; I love my note 4 but at 2 years old its getting a bit tired... i really want the big improvement in low light photos.
The best version of Note still the Note 4.; The best version of Note still the Note 4.
I see two negatives point's about the Note 7:nom removable batt and glass in back.If the phone drop goodbye Note 7.I prefer the old and good plastic.At least resist an drop.; I see two negatives point's about the Note 7:nom removable batt and glass in back.If the phone drop goodbye Note 7.I prefer the old and good plastic.At least resist an drop.
Apple is better!!!; Apple is better!!!
I guess that laptop-dock rumour has died? I was really excited about that... I hope it gets revived...; I guess that laptop-dock rumour has died? I was really excited about that... I hope it gets revived...
Anonymous, 17 Jul 2016This phone is great and all, but not something i expected. The main complaint is that it has a... moreThere is no point to have a 4k screen. It wastes more battery and the human eye can't really tell the 4k on a small screen such as a phone screen.; There is no point to have a 4k screen. It wastes more battery and the human eye can't really tell the 4k on a small screen such as a phone screen.
as long as samsung continue the trend of making their flag ship phones battery non removable i will stick to the mid range phones......will definitely upgrade to a note 4; as long as samsung continue the trend of making their flag ship phones battery non removable i will stick to the mid range phones......will definitely upgrade to a note 4
I hope the price of note 7 is under $800; I hope the price of note 7 is under $800
Karim, 18 Jul 2016Note 7 = S7 + USBC + Stylus. Nothing extra wow factor exist!Your forgetting that it has a bigger screen, ALOT more of internal memory, and probably a new android version.; Your forgetting that it has a bigger screen, ALOT more of internal memory, and probably a new android version.
Damn, I never thought I would see a samsung phone so OVERPOWERED. Not a bad thing. I just hope the battery is big enough to keep this alive for a day of usage. Or that would just suck.; Damn, I never thought I would see a samsung phone so OVERPOWERED. Not a bad thing. I just hope the battery is big enough to keep this alive for a day of usage. Or that would just suck.
What about NOTE 7 EDGE ?
 can you inform when it will awalabele in market of Asia . confirm date ?; What about NOTE 7 EDGE ?; can you inform when it will awalabele in market of Asia . confirm date ?
No Infra red port??????; No Infra red port??????
Loren Vidican 88, 17 Jul 2016iPhone 6s can keep in backround more than 60 apps (I tested), and it start Subway Surfers in 2... moreI think Samsung is focusing more on hardware. But than again anything can happen.; I think Samsung is focusing more on hardware. But than again anything can happen.
Karim, 18 Jul 2016Note 7 = S7 + USBC + Stylus. Nothing extra wow factor exist!...plus a bigger screen. The Note series has always been a bigger, better spec'd version of the corresponding S series... Many people simply want a bigger screen than the S series offers.
 
 You'll be happy to know that the next Note will have a teleport function....; ...plus a bigger screen. The Note series has always been a bigger, better spec'd version of the corresponding S series... Many people simply want a bigger screen than the S series offers.; You'll be happy to know that the next Note will have a teleport function....
Note 7 = S7 + USBC + Stylus. Nothing extra wow factor exist!; Note 7 = S7 + USBC + Stylus. Nothing extra wow factor exist!
iPhone 6s can keep in backround more than 60 apps (I tested), and it start Subway Surfers in 2-3 seconds, so.. Note 7 needs to the best optimization ever, because iPhone 7 will comming...probably with new optimizations; iPhone 6s can keep in backround more than 60 apps (I tested), and it start Subway Surfers in 2-3 seconds, so.. Note 7 needs to the best optimization ever, because iPhone 7 will comming...probably with new optimizations
ljames, 13 Jul 20167 things i must absolutely have from the note 7: 1. 256gb internal storage 2. 6gb ram 3. ... more256GB internal storage??? &#128566;; 256GB internal storage??? &#128566;
VERY disappointing! Samsung has pretty much stopped innovating after creating this category!!! Still 5.7"?! And now curved, makes the usable screen size even smaller!!! Not much has changed in terms of specs since the GN4, so why spend $700+ on this when a used GN4 could be found on amazon/ebay for just $200???; VERY disappointing! Samsung has pretty much stopped innovating after creating this category!!! Still 5.7"?! And now curved, makes the usable screen size even smaller!!! Not much has changed in terms of specs since the GN4, so why spend $700+ on this when a used GN4 could be found on amazon/ebay for just $200???
hi ist a any i r blaster.; hi ist a any i r blaster.
This phone is great and all, but not something i expected. The main complaint is that it has a qhd screen instead of a 4k uhd screen. And I know why. Mali T880 does not support 4k uhd and that is the global version. Snapdragon 323 supports it. Ram of 6GB is strong enough to do it. So why not. And why do only the chosen countries get to have better hardware than others. Snapdragon has a 20-40% higher graphics output than Exynos 8890. You should really make that happen. The next Note 8 will probably support 4k uhd and have 8GB of ram, so I will wait a year.; This phone is great and all, but not something i expected. The main complaint is that it has a qhd screen instead of a 4k uhd screen. And I know why. Mali T880 does not support 4k uhd and that is the global version. Snapdragon 323 supports it. Ram of 6GB is strong enough to do it. So why not. And why do only the chosen countries get to have better hardware than others. Snapdragon has a 20-40% higher graphics output than Exynos 8890. You should really make that happen. The next Note 8 will probably support 4k uhd and have 8GB of ram, so I will wait a year.
wow, this samsung note 7 has iris scanner
 and it have 6gb ram and 64gb internal storage, wow amazing.; wow, this samsung note 7 has iris scanner; and it have 6gb ram and 64gb internal storage, wow amazing.
Where the Note 6~; Where the Note 6~
Huevos, 15 Jul 2016Am I will be able to talk with the phone under the water? No sorry, when phones are submerge underwater it blocks of all signals including wifi and mobile network. also you wont be able to touch your screen when your phone is underwater.
 
 And why do people always think that when a phone is water resistant it is already a phone for underwater activity purposes? do you even know why its called IP68? IP stands for Ingress Protection it was meant to protect your phone from water and dust and not mean to be used for water activity purposes.; No sorry, when phones are submerge underwater it blocks of all signals including wifi and mobile network. also you wont be able to touch your screen when your phone is underwater.; And why do people always think that when a phone is water resistant it is already a phone for underwater activity purposes? do you even know why its called IP68? IP stands for Ingress Protection it was meant to protect your phone from water and dust and not mean to be used for water activity purposes.
bayfisher, 15 Jul 2016yAWL NEED to read specs. its gonna have curved edges.its a bloated version of the s7 edge, any... moreyawl? sure tex.; yawl? sure tex.
Where is Galaxy Note 6?; Where is Galaxy Note 6?
vicky, 13 Jul 2016Flat version please,everyone cant use curved version so plz give flat version variantI concur; I concur
august 2nd. be ready for almost 1000 dollar phone.; august 2nd. be ready for almost 1000 dollar phone.
2nd August 2016; 2nd August 2016
wwoowww android nougat ..really!!; wwoowww android nougat ..really!!
[deleted post]So? It will naturally sell in Asia. It is Asian brand. What the big deal? Gsmarena haven't update the info and the phone is not even officially released. Calm down fanboy. Geez, these people.; So? It will naturally sell in Asia. It is Asian brand. What the big deal? Gsmarena haven't update the info and the phone is not even officially released. Calm down fanboy. Geez, these people.
When Samsung Galaxy note 7 will be released??; When Samsung Galaxy note 7 will be released??
Guys this is not official Sansung has not confirmed anything as yet all the details will be reaveled at unpacked if you want more nformation tune in to unpacked; Guys this is not official Sansung has not confirmed anything as yet all the details will be reaveled at unpacked if you want more nformation tune in to unpacked
bayfisher, 15 Jul 2016yAWL NEED to read specs. its gonna have curved edges.its a bloated version of the s7 edge, any... moreyou can expect to get a house loan for it as it may be 900 to one grand. in a year next version 2 grand.; you can expect to get a house loan for it as it may be 900 to one grand. in a year next version 2 grand.
[deleted post]i didnt post 3 times, the system did.; i didnt post 3 times, the system did.
yAWL NEED to read specs. its gonna have curved edges.its a bloated version of the s7 edge, anyway its twisted.; yAWL NEED to read specs. its gonna have curved edges.its a bloated version of the s7 edge, anyway its twisted.
itxme , 15 Jul 2016Sir! resolution dont counts :P look at its aperture 1.7 its greatsame as s7 arpeture; same as s7 arpeture
Anonymous, 15 Jul 2016Yep, no obs think that a better camera means more MP. Bring on the large aperture 12MP camera ... moreYup, I've taken some good photos with just a 5mp camera, so 12 really is plenty. I too would like them to concentrate more on the other features that can do things like making low light photos better. It is just sad when you can't take a good picture just because your camera can't handle the darkness even though you can see just fine.; Yup, I've taken some good photos with just a 5mp camera, so 12 really is plenty. I too would like them to concentrate more on the other features that can do things like making low light photos better. It is just sad when you can't take a good picture just because your camera can't handle the darkness even though you can see just fine.
that'sme, 15 Jul 20166 gigs of ram? well this thing clearly beat my mac air!With that ram im pretty sure it can run every single app you have and still working perfectly fine ;); With that ram im pretty sure it can run every single app you have and still working perfectly fine ;)
Anonymous, 15 Jul 2016only minus points in the configuration is- low resolution primary camera and non-removable ba... moreSir! resolution dont counts :P
 look at its aperture 1.7 
 its great; Sir! resolution dont counts :P; look at its aperture 1.7; its great
Anonymous, 15 Jul 2016only minus points in the configuration is- low resolution primary camera and non-removable ba... moreYou say that, but the resolution isn't everything. the 12mp dual-pixel camera is far superior to the 16mp onboard the S5 and S6; You say that, but the resolution isn't everything. the 12mp dual-pixel camera is far superior to the 16mp onboard the S5 and S6
Julliard, 10 Jul 2016Note 4 is 16mp f/2.2 while Note7 is 12mp f/1.7. This mean the camera will be better on Note7. ... moreYou are correct. I have since learned more about the better technology being used on the Note 7 12 MP camera. Just goes to show how a better understanding of the specs and current technology can make for a better and more informed purchase. Will most likely upgrade to the Note 7 when it comes out and all the specs are confirmed. 
 Thanks for addresing my earlier comment.; You are correct. I have since learned more about the better technology being used on the Note 7 12 MP camera. Just goes to show how a better understanding of the specs and current technology can make for a better and more informed purchase. Will most likely upgrade to the Note 7 when it comes out and all the specs are confirmed.; Thanks for addresing my earlier comment.
Why are they still using the stupid "Hybrid SIM2/MicroSD" slot? Lack of space (don't think so) not in a phone with such a bug area, so why not a dedicated MicroSD slot?
 
 No go for me until they come out with dual-sim and microsd card at the same time.; Why are they still using the stupid "Hybrid SIM2/MicroSD" slot? Lack of space (don't think so) not in a phone with such a bug area, so why not a dedicated MicroSD slot?; No go for me until they come out with dual-sim and microsd card at the same time.
mmm, 10 Jul 2016the low in the pix. dose not mean your phone note 4 better ! check why its lower pix. and it... moreYou are correct. I was wrong about my thinking the higher pixel count defined the picture quality. I've since learned otherwise and that the newer technology used in the 12 MP camera on the Note 7 will indeed give a better picture quality than the Note 4 16 MP camera. And also I have since learned more about lithium polymer technology and some things I didn't know before. All in all, my prior concerns have diminished and I will most likely go for an overall upgrade and leave my Note 4 for the new Note 7. 
 A little education and research on specs and new technology can really make a difference when making an informed purchase.; You are correct. I was wrong about my thinking the higher pixel count defined the picture quality. I've since learned otherwise and that the newer technology used in the 12 MP camera on the Note 7 will indeed give a better picture quality than the Note 4 16 MP camera. And also I have since learned more about lithium polymer technology and some things I didn't know before. All in all, my prior concerns have diminished and I will most likely go for an overall upgrade and leave my Note 4 for the new Note 7.; A little education and research on specs and new technology can really make a difference when making an informed purchase.
Huevos, 15 Jul 2016Am I will be able to talk with the phone under the water? Oh yes upto 5 min.. is that OK?; Oh yes upto 5 min.. is that OK?
Huevos, 15 Jul 2016Am I will be able to talk with the phone under the water? You could, if only you could actually able to speak in water. Who wants to make a phone call underwater?; You could, if only you could actually able to speak in water. Who wants to make a phone call underwater?
6 gigs of ram?
 well this thing clearly beat my mac air!; 6 gigs of ram?; well this thing clearly beat my mac air!
only minus points in the configuration is- low resolution primary camera and non-removable battery, if samsung resolves this, then this model will create history; only minus points in the configuration is- low resolution primary camera and non-removable battery, if samsung resolves this, then this model will create history
Danielowski97, 13 Jul 2016Less pixels, bigger light Sensor, much more picture quality. Yep, no obs think that a better camera means more MP. Bring on the large aperture 12MP camera with a large sensor for great low light photos.; Yep, no obs think that a better camera means more MP. Bring on the large aperture 12MP camera with a large sensor for great low light photos.
JunChang, 15 Jul 20166 inch or above will be good ^^ Removable Battery Please !!wont happen sorry; wont happen sorry
Note 7 should have 2 model as prevoius :
 -note 7 with flat sceen
 -note 7 edge with curve screen.; Note 7 should have 2 model as prevoius :; -note 7 with flat sceen; -note 7 edge with curve screen.
6 inch or above will be good ^^
 Removable Battery Please !!; 6 inch or above will be good ^^; Removable Battery Please !!
Am I will be able to talk with the phone under the water?; Am I will be able to talk with the phone under the water?
Anonymous, 14 Jul 2016does the corning gorilla glass 4 protection mean that it doesn't need a case?You will still need a case, it will basically have a scratch resistant screen; You will still need a case, it will basically have a scratch resistant screen
Anonymous, 14 Jul 2016does the corning gorilla glass 4 protection mean that it doesn't need a case?That's never the case. Gorilla Glass 4 is said to be on par with its predecessor and, well, it's glass Â— it's going to crack and still scratch regardless.; That's never the case. Gorilla Glass 4 is said to be on par with its predecessor and, well, it's glass Â— it's going to crack and still scratch regardless.
another none removable battery, if continue like that, i prefer use the old note 4 better.; another none removable battery, if continue like that, i prefer use the old note 4 better.
Julliard, 13 Jul 2016All the box is ticked.I certainly do hope they're not just rumors. Fingers crossed!; I certainly do hope they're not just rumors. Fingers crossed!
Does Galaxy Note7 has flat screen or it's only edge screen ?; Does Galaxy Note7 has flat screen or it's only edge screen ?
Anonymous, 14 Jul 2016does the corning gorilla glass 4 protection mean that it doesn't need a case?No, glass is not "unbreakable" you still need to be careful.
 
 Glass is same just like on S7/S7 edge; No, glass is not "unbreakable" you still need to be careful.; Glass is same just like on S7/S7 edge
everything is great....just the speaker underneath...wish the headphone's can set as speaker too. I want it loudder and clearer. mainly alarm I needed super loud...gotta gives lots of good ring tones. is what they lacking of.; everything is great....just the speaker underneath...wish the headphone's can set as speaker too. I want it loudder and clearer. mainly alarm I needed super loud...gotta gives lots of good ring tones. is what they lacking of.
dang battery is non-removable; dang battery is non-removable
nooo!
 iris scanner is not usefull for day use.
 
 its take time alot to unlock ur phone.no1 use it for sure.
 
 IR scanner should be much better option,hope it included.
 
 iris scanner is just technic and trnd junk,not for helping you day use,
 
 also,all know that best security is and be,code security,use it all if u use phone different places and you lost ur phone offen.; nooo!; iris scanner is not usefull for day use.; its take time alot to unlock ur phone.no1 use it for sure.; IR scanner should be much better option,hope it included.; iris scanner is just technic and trnd junk,not for helping you day use,; also,all know that best security is and be,code security,use it all if u use phone different places and you lost ur phone offen.
does the corning gorilla glass 4 protection mean that it doesn't need a case?; does the corning gorilla glass 4 protection mean that it doesn't need a case?
xconcepts7, 14 Jul 2016did i just missed Note 6..? No, Samsung skipped the 6 for the note and jumped to 7 to be on the same number as galaxy to cut down confusion at their level.; No, Samsung skipped the 6 for the note and jumped to 7 to be on the same number as galaxy to cut down confusion at their level.
did i just missed Note 6..?; did i just missed Note 6..?
All of the comments are all requesting a add up feature but do you all know how the electronics devices work on the phone and it's compatibility of each other..ok..; All of the comments are all requesting a add up feature but do you all know how the electronics devices work on the phone and it's compatibility of each other..ok..
Sanky888, 13 Jul 2016What is iris scanner??? can someone tell me..is a scanner where you can unlock your phone with your eyes (specifically your iris).; is a scanner where you can unlock your phone with your eyes (specifically your iris).
Malli, 13 Jul 2016Must need IR blasteryes, it is a great tool, don't know why they didn't add it to this great mobile ):; yes, it is a great tool, don't know why they didn't add it to this great mobile ):
Mobile Freak, 13 Jul 2016The FM radio is a must. Also is there the Note Edge for this model?this model is already EDGE style, theres no flat screen model; this model is already EDGE style, theres no flat screen model
Less pixels, bigger light Sensor, much more picture quality.; Less pixels, bigger light Sensor, much more picture quality.
ljames, 13 Jul 20167 things i must absolutely have from the note 7: 1. 256gb internal storage 2. 6gb ram 3. ... moreagree....; agree....
Emi Khan, 13 Jul 2016What is the use of Iris Scanner? Is it use for Eye Biometrics for lock or unlock the mobile or... moreIris scanner is a sensor which scans your eyes for unlocking the phone.....it is one of the most secured method to lock your phone.for any doubts check lumia 950 ......it has an iris scanner.; Iris scanner is a sensor which scans your eyes for unlocking the phone.....it is one of the most secured method to lock your phone.for any doubts check lumia 950 ......it has an iris scanner.
just wow ! ! ! it looks good, it has great specs, also has tons of features . . . Samsung continues to amaze me . . .; just wow ! ! ! it looks good, it has great specs, also has tons of features . . . Samsung continues to amaze me . . .
Emi Khan, 13 Jul 2016What is the use of Iris Scanner? Is it use for Eye Biometrics for lock or unlock the mobile or... moreFor eye bio-metrics to unlock the phone; For eye bio-metrics to unlock the phone
ljames, 13 Jul 20167 things i must absolutely have from the note 7: 1. 256gb internal storage 2. 6gb ram 3. ... moreAll the box is ticked.; All the box is ticked.
olusman007, 13 Jul 2016I am not satisfied with no radio and reduce pixels to 12Megapixel while it predecessor had 16M... moreThey did the same with the S6 to S7, no biggy IMO. The camera still works beautifully and more pixels doesn't necessarily mean better photos. The Leica camera on the P9 is only 12, sells amazingly for its photos.; They did the same with the S6 to S7, no biggy IMO. The camera still works beautifully and more pixels doesn't necessarily mean better photos. The Leica camera on the P9 is only 12, sells amazingly for its photos.
Oorspronklik, 13 Jul 2016so it's an S7 edge with a Waccom digitizer and pen with slightly tweaked software with a margi... moreWell the iris scanner should count. And besides, the spen has always been the defining factor of the note line that separates it from the s line. Thats why the software there should be something that truly makes it a note device. Otherwise, i would agree with you that it'll look a lot like an s7 edge with a stylus.; Well the iris scanner should count. And besides, the spen has always been the defining factor of the note line that separates it from the s line. Thats why the software there should be something that truly makes it a note device. Otherwise, i would agree with you that it'll look a lot like an s7 edge with a stylus.
so it's an S7 edge with a Waccom digitizer and pen with slightly tweaked software with a marginally larger size chassis and screen. I hope there is a new feature that will set it apart from the galaxy S range besides from the ones I can point out.; so it's an S7 edge with a Waccom digitizer and pen with slightly tweaked software with a marginally larger size chassis and screen. I hope there is a new feature that will set it apart from the galaxy S range besides from the ones I can point out.
7 things i must absolutely have from the note 7:
 
 1. 256gb internal storage
 2. 6gb ram
 3. Enhanced s-pen experience
 4. 4000mah battery
 5. Camera at par with s7/s7 edge
 6. Qhd samoled
 7. Ip68; 7 things i must absolutely have from the note 7:; 1. 256gb internal storage; 2. 6gb ram; 3. Enhanced s-pen experience; 4. 4000mah battery; 5. Camera at par with s7/s7 edge; 6. Qhd samoled; 7. Ip68
I am not satisfied with no radio and reduce pixels to 12Megapixel while it predecessor had 16Megapixel; I am not satisfied with no radio and reduce pixels to 12Megapixel while it predecessor had 16Megapixel
Flat version please,everyone cant use curved version so plz give flat version variant; Flat version please,everyone cant use curved version so plz give flat version variant
Mobile Freak, 13 Jul 2016The FM radio is a must. Also is there the Note Edge for this model?This Note7 IS already an edge version.; This Note7 IS already an edge version.
What is the use of Iris Scanner? Is it use for Eye Biometrics for lock or unlock the mobile or its use for night vision to take pics and make movies in night or blackout...; What is the use of Iris Scanner? Is it use for Eye Biometrics for lock or unlock the mobile or its use for night vision to take pics and make movies in night or blackout...
The FM radio is a must. Also is there the Note Edge for this model?; The FM radio is a must. Also is there the Note Edge for this model?
omitha, 12 Jul 2016I lost my note 4...when note 5 was in the market already.Guess what???/....yeah right. Bought ... moreyeh .. like they will put these features in next 2 weeks, design a all new phone, test it and launch it on Aug 2nd .. LMAO !!! ... go look for other brands !!; yeh .. like they will put these features in next 2 weeks, design a all new phone, test it and launch it on Aug 2nd .. LMAO !!! ... go look for other brands !!
Must need IR blaster; Must need IR blaster
What is iris scanner??? can someone tell me..; What is iris scanner??? can someone tell me..
iNadeem, 12 Jul 2016Flat screen please Tons out there..You can go for Oneplus3.. Flat screen.LoL
 I like the Edge screen..Look modern; Tons out there..You can go for Oneplus3.. Flat screen.LoL; I like the Edge screen..Look modern
Maqkhan, 12 Jul 2016why they downgraded primary camera from 16MP to 12MP, of course more features but why this dow... moremore numbers doesnt mean better..you can google why they did so; more numbers doesnt mean better..you can google why they did so
Damin0u, 11 Jul 2016Can you clarify ? Which concept is that ? hello, nonremovable means a battery that cannot be removed. (like the iPhones).; hello, nonremovable means a battery that cannot be removed. (like the iPhones).
people do not want edge screen. Curved screen eats up screen property.
 stick to flat screen for professional people and curved screen for clueless lay-people.; people do not want edge screen. Curved screen eats up screen property.; stick to flat screen for professional people and curved screen for clueless lay-people.
Bring back FM Radio plus the new standard DsrRadio; Bring back FM Radio plus the new standard DsrRadio
Flat screen please; Flat screen please
omitha, 12 Jul 2016I lost my note 4...when note 5 was in the market already.Guess what???/....yeah right. Bought ... moreand fm radio also.; and fm radio also.
Note 7 is metal body??; Note 7 is metal body??
verz, 11 Jul 2016My disappointment in Note5 was no removable battery and no expansion slot. Performance gains/c... moreabsolutly you are right...there is no reason to changing note4; absolutly you are right...there is no reason to changing note4
omitha, 12 Jul 2016I lost my note 4...when note 5 was in the market already.Guess what???/....yeah right. Bought ... moreAs much as you hate it. That hatred doesn't translate to real world. 
 
 http://m.gsmarena.com/antutu_samsung_galaxy_note­5_was_worlds_most_popular_smartphone_in_h1_2016-­news-19302.php 
 
 Btw, you just bought a Samsung, again. Congratulation. You might make Note4 'greatest selling mobile device' if you lost your phone again and buy Note4 again and again.; As much as you hate it. That hatred doesn't translate to real world.; Btw, you just bought a Samsung, again. Congratulation. You might make Note4 'greatest selling mobile device' if you lost your phone again and buy Note4 again and again.
I lost my note 4...when note 5 was in the market already.Guess what???/....yeah right. Bought another note 4. Thats how bad i hate phones without removable battery, micro sd and IR blaster. Put those 3 things in the note 7 and it becomes the greatest selling mobile device in samsung; I lost my note 4...when note 5 was in the market already.Guess what???/....yeah right. Bought another note 4. Thats how bad i hate phones without removable battery, micro sd and IR blaster. Put those 3 things in the note 7 and it becomes the greatest selling mobile device in samsung
Maqkhan, 12 Jul 2016why they downgraded primary camera from 16MP to 12MP, of course more features but why this dow... moreBecause they haven't design camera sensor with 16mp f/1.7 yet. It is aperture of the lense that make pictures looks good, not the megapixel. Even if you have 20mp with f/2.8 your picture will look like crap. That is just an example.; Because they haven't design camera sensor with 16mp f/1.7 yet. It is aperture of the lense that make pictures looks good, not the megapixel. Even if you have 20mp with f/2.8 your picture will look like crap. That is just an example.
5/5 *****
 Really GN7 is Great
 "24-bit/192kHz" is Awesome
 Sound clarity always was No.1 in headphones & now I'm sure! minimum 2 or 3 steps improved in sound quality & clarity.
 ...; 5/5 *****; Really GN7 is Great; "24-bit/192kHz" is Awesome; Sound clarity always was No.1 in headphones & now I'm sure! minimum 2 or 3 steps improved in sound quality & clarity.; ...
why they downgraded primary camera from 16MP to 12MP, of course more features but why this downgrade ?; why they downgraded primary camera from 16MP to 12MP, of course more features but why this downgrade ?
Like many others I have purchased the Note 2, Note 3 and Note 4. The non removable battery stopped me from upgrading to the Note 5. I find that I typically replace a battery after a year and a half. I like to keep my older phones and give them to family members or re-purpose them for other uses and just keep using them.
 
 Why has Samsung gone to a non removable battery? I suspect it is because they want the phone to die and encourage you to upgrade. Mobile phones have gotten good enough for most users that upgrades are pretty optional ... so the manufacturers have just decided to let them die after relatively short lives?
 
 I noticed that I can get a new battery for my Note 4 on Amazon for $20 - @30.; Like many others I have purchased the Note 2, Note 3 and Note 4. The non removable battery stopped me from upgrading to the Note 5. I find that I typically replace a battery after a year and a half. I like to keep my older phones and give them to family members or re-purpose them for other uses and just keep using them.; Why has Samsung gone to a non removable battery? I suspect it is because they want the phone to die and encourage you to upgrade. Mobile phones have gotten good enough for most users that upgrades are pretty optional ... so the manufacturers have just decided to let them die after relatively short lives?; I noticed that I can get a new battery for my Note 4 on Amazon for $20 - @30.
bayfisher, 10 Jul 2016dont hold ur breath note7. now said 4 gig ram testing. btw......theres no such 823 chip that exists.really. check with Qualcomm maybe 821823; really. check with Qualcomm maybe 821823
Why is there no Radio Tuner in the Note 7??????
 (not to be confused with streaming radio)
 I refuse to buy any phone that does not have a radio tuner so I can listen to local radio stations in Orlando. (enjoyment, hurricane emergencies, radio talk shows, all while not using data); Why is there no Radio Tuner in the Note 7??????; (not to be confused with streaming radio); I refuse to buy any phone that does not have a radio tuner so I can listen to local radio stations in Orlando. (enjoyment, hurricane emergencies, radio talk shows, all while not using data)
price same as g5 se... as a lifetime supported of lgs phones i have to laugh at them tho...; price same as g5 se... as a lifetime supported of lgs phones i have to laugh at them tho...
My disappointment in Note5 was no removable battery and no expansion slot. Performance gains/camera/whatever was not enough to make me jump on it coming from a Note4.; My disappointment in Note5 was no removable battery and no expansion slot. Performance gains/camera/whatever was not enough to make me jump on it coming from a Note4.
Ordina22, 11 Jul 2016So you still don't understand the concept of non removable battery? HmmmmCan you clarify ? Which concept is that ?; Can you clarify ? Which concept is that ?
Julliard, 09 Jul 2016Its ironic how the internet says Note5 a failure meanwhile in real life it is the 'best seller... moreForget them....those saying note 5 is a failure have might have not gotten the chance to use a note 5 before so save your words man....they don't know NOTE 5; Forget them....those saying note 5 is a failure have might have not gotten the chance to use a note 5 before so save your words man....they don't know NOTE 5
Ken H., 09 Jul 2016Just did a comparison of the Note 7 with my current model, the Note 4. Very disappointed with ... moreHave u gotten the chance to use a note 5 before? If u had u wouldn't have called it a disappointment &#128540;&#128540;&#128540;; Have u gotten the chance to use a note 5 before? If u had u wouldn't have called it a disappointment &#128540;&#128540;&#128540;
hotelsgroupdirector, 11 Jul 2016Non-removable battery is absolute shit. Never buy a phone(even high-tech) if battery is non-r... moreSo you still don't understand the concept of non removable battery? Hmmmm; So you still don't understand the concept of non removable battery? Hmmmm
Non-removable battery is absolute shit.
 Never buy a phone(even high-tech) if battery is non-removable.
 But unfortunaely,there are millions of stupid consumers who wanna give up their monies to this kind of companies for even small battery problems.
 For simple battery change,you have to find a service,give your phone to them and wait when they replace it and how much will it cost you.; Non-removable battery is absolute shit.; Never buy a phone(even high-tech) if battery is non-removable.; But unfortunaely,there are millions of stupid consumers who wanna give up their monies to this kind of companies for even small battery problems.; For simple battery change,you have to find a service,give your phone to them and wait when they replace it and how much will it cost you.
Julliard, 10 Jul 2016Note 4 is 16mp f/2.2 while Note7 is 12mp f/1.7. This mean the camera will be better on Note7. ... moreI agree with you; I agree with you
Galaxy Note 7 might be a bit of disapointement after all the fuss we've heard about it....
 
 - 6GB of Ram.... nah... it seems that it will end up with 4Gb just as his little Bro S7. Snapdragon 823.... nah either.... 820 or 821 at best. ( http://en.yibada.com/articles/139457/20160709/sa­msung-galaxy-note-7-antutu-benchmark-shows-snapd­ragon-823-6gb.htm )
 - Iris scanner..... I doubt. When you look at the faces of the leaked pics, I do not see any addition to support iris scanner..... ( http://www.techradar.com/news/phone-and-communic­ations/mobile-phones/samsung-galaxy-note-7-color­s-1324290 ). On front face, there are 3 apertures: 1 for the proximity sensor, 1 for the front camera and 1 for the light sensor. Iris scanner works on Infrared so it "could" be merged with the existing proximity sensor, but when looking at first integration of Iris Scanner on Galay Tab, there seems to be at least 2 dedicated apertures just for the iris scan feature (just have a look at the upper left black band in pic https://news.samsung.com/global/samsung-introduc­es-galaxy-tab-iris-equipped-with-iris recognition-technology-for-government-and-enterp­rises-in-india ) Even worst, lets imagine that at best, the rear heart rate sensor (if it is still present) is used (red Led + optical sensor). That would not be much accurate, specially in the dark.... and not quite convenient to turn the phone around to identify yourself. So highly doubtful that iris scan makes it appearance on the Note 7....
 - Camera.... well not much improvement from the S7.....(12 MP, f/1.7, 26mm)
 - Screen size, well hell yeah a lot more than the Note 5..... blah ! no, just the same 5.7"
 - IP68. How funny :) Just the same as S7 :)
 - Non removable battery.... well that is a real problem and Samsung has yet not realized it..... Lifetime of batteries on such devices is ~ 1500 to 2000 charge cycles. For some heavy users (like me) changing the battery BEFORE 2 years of phone life does happen. Opening such a polished device (if it is not originally planned by the manufacturer) well, not for me thanks. I'd rather sacrify the IP68 certification and get a removable battery slot instead....
 - GPU....Adreno 530, Mali-T880 MP12 are rumored (but not much confirmed). Still Samsung would be dumb to not re-use the S7 platform so most probably these will ICs also be in !
 
 I'm not even mentioning all the nice features that should naturally be inherited from the S7 but that are not really NEW stuffs (Touch Force Screen, Fast Charger (Qualcomm 2.0), always-on display.....)
 But some features have also disappeared already on Note 5..... where is the IR blaster to remote control TV and others ? What about UV sensor ? Gone also already :)
 
 So at the end, the Note 6 (or 7) might look like a Galaxy S7 with a slightly bigger screen, improved battery capacity and a Stylus..
 But if that is really the key differentiator from the S7.... well Samsung be ready to continue selling more S7 then !
 
 I'm a huge fan of the Note series.... but I'm afraid this Note 6/7 might not be as promising as all the rumors we see on the web....
 let's hope that on August 2nd, the surprise will be there :); Galaxy Note 7 might be a bit of disapointement after all the fuss we've heard about it....; - 6GB of Ram.... nah... it seems that it will end up with 4Gb just as his little Bro S7. Snapdragon 823.... nah either.... 820 or 821 at best. (; ); - Iris scanner..... I doubt. When you look at the faces of the leaked pics, I do not see any addition to support iris scanner..... (; ). On front face, there are 3 apertures: 1 for the proximity sensor, 1 for the front camera and 1 for the light sensor. Iris scanner works on Infrared so it "could" be merged with the existing proximity sensor, but when looking at first integration of Iris Scanner on Galay Tab, there seems to be at least 2 dedicated apertures just for the iris scan feature (just have a look at the upper left black band in pic; recognition-technology-for-government-and-enterp­rises-in-india ) Even worst, lets imagine that at best, the rear heart rate sensor (if it is still present) is used (red Led + optical sensor). That would not be much accurate, specially in the dark.... and not quite convenient to turn the phone around to identify yourself. So highly doubtful that iris scan makes it appearance on the Note 7....; - Camera.... well not much improvement from the S7.....(12 MP, f/1.7, 26mm); - Screen size, well hell yeah a lot more than the Note 5..... blah ! no, just the same 5.7"; - IP68. How funny :) Just the same as S7 :); - Non removable battery.... well that is a real problem and Samsung has yet not realized it..... Lifetime of batteries on such devices is ~ 1500 to 2000 charge cycles. For some heavy users (like me) changing the battery BEFORE 2 years of phone life does happen. Opening such a polished device (if it is not originally planned by the manufacturer) well, not for me thanks. I'd rather sacrify the IP68 certification and get a removable battery slot instead....; - GPU....Adreno 530, Mali-T880 MP12 are rumored (but not much confirmed). Still Samsung would be dumb to not re-use the S7 platform so most probably these will ICs also be in !; I'm not even mentioning all the nice features that should naturally be inherited from the S7 but that are not really NEW stuffs (Touch Force Screen, Fast Charger (Qualcomm 2.0), always-on display.....); But some features have also disappeared already on Note 5..... where is the IR blaster to remote control TV and others ? What about UV sensor ? Gone also already :); So at the end, the Note 6 (or 7) might look like a Galaxy S7 with a slightly bigger screen, improved battery capacity and a Stylus..; But if that is really the key differentiator from the S7.... well Samsung be ready to continue selling more S7 then !; I'm a huge fan of the Note series.... but I'm afraid this Note 6/7 might not be as promising as all the rumors we see on the web....; let's hope that on August 2nd, the surprise will be there :)
I'm sticking with my Note4. IR Blaster/Remote and replaceable battery.; I'm sticking with my Note4. IR Blaster/Remote and replaceable battery.
Oookay.... So, RAM is copied from OnePlus, because they can't afford to let other small companies to beat them. We have seen this display/camera before... (*ahem 6P), again, the non-devfriendly chip, which is the last with added ~0,2ghz/each. And i didn't say a word about the price, Knox, and TouchWiz. Clap, clap Samsung you did it again. :) I mean come on!! They could make better devices if they want... I liked the S line until the S6.... Okay they weren't my favourite but they were good...; Oookay.... So, RAM is copied from OnePlus, because they can't afford to let other small companies to beat them. We have seen this display/camera before... (*ahem 6P), again, the non-devfriendly chip, which is the last with added ~0,2ghz/each. And i didn't say a word about the price, Knox, and TouchWiz. Clap, clap Samsung you did it again. :) I mean come on!! They could make better devices if they want... I liked the S line until the S6.... Okay they weren't my favourite but they were good...
Ken H., 09 Jul 2016Just did a comparison of the Note 7 with my current model, the Note 4. Very disappointed with ... moreNote 4 is 16mp f/2.2 while Note7 is 12mp f/1.7. This mean the camera will be better on Note7. I'm not sure if you understand how camera works but its not about the pixel. Its more to the aperture. Though rumors did said Note7 may use 13mp, but we are not sure. All of the specs so far contradicting with other leaks. No one knows until next month.; Note 4 is 16mp f/2.2 while Note7 is 12mp f/1.7. This mean the camera will be better on Note7. I'm not sure if you understand how camera works but its not about the pixel. Its more to the aperture. Though rumors did said Note7 may use 13mp, but we are not sure. All of the specs so far contradicting with other leaks. No one knows until next month.
Adi S., 09 Jul 2016For me, this device is still useless, until it can run the PC versions of Microsoft Officeit is a phone it isn't meant to run pc versions of anything, app versions yes but that is as far as it would go, useless you fell like writing a completely new OS for phones; it is a phone it isn't meant to run pc versions of anything, app versions yes but that is as far as it would go, useless you fell like writing a completely new OS for phones
dont hold ur breath note7. now said 4 gig ram testing. btw......theres no such 823 chip that exists.; dont hold ur breath note7. now said 4 gig ram testing. btw......theres no such 823 chip that exists.
Please make the screen more tougher just like the Iphone.; Please make the screen more tougher just like the Iphone.
Ken H., 09 Jul 2016Just did a comparison of the Note 7 with my current model, the Note 4. Very disappointed with ... morethe low in the pix. dose not mean your phone note 4 better ! check why its lower pix. and it is better or not; the low in the pix. dose not mean your phone note 4 better ! check why its lower pix. and it is better or not
it look like note 5. Good! Its awesome design; it look like note 5. Good! Its awesome design
Is the Radio functionality back yet on the Samsung Galaxy Note series ?; Is the Radio functionality back yet on the Samsung Galaxy Note series ?
Vlad, 07 Jul 2016Agreed on your last comment. Note4 is realy good and well ballanced model. I replace my Note3 ... moreJust did a comparison of the Note 7 with my current model, the Note 4. Very disappointed with the lower megapixel on the Note 7 rear camera and not a fan of lithium polymer (Li-Po) technology. If those two specs. are true when the Note 7 is actually launched they will be the deal breaker for me and I will keep my Note 4. I was so looking forward to the new Note 7 after the disappointing Note 5 last year. The price and what the Note 7 may bring based on the GSM specs just isn't enough incentive to make the purchase. Nonetheless, the Samsung Note is without a doubt superior to the iPhone.; Just did a comparison of the Note 7 with my current model, the Note 4. Very disappointed with the lower megapixel on the Note 7 rear camera and not a fan of lithium polymer (Li-Po) technology. If those two specs. are true when the Note 7 is actually launched they will be the deal breaker for me and I will keep my Note 4. I was so looking forward to the new Note 7 after the disappointing Note 5 last year. The price and what the Note 7 may bring based on the GSM specs just isn't enough incentive to make the purchase. Nonetheless, the Samsung Note is without a doubt superior to the iPhone.
3600mAh battery, 820 Snapdragon....
 Sealed for life.
 Life being a year.; 3600mAh battery, 820 Snapdragon....; Sealed for life.; Life being a year.
tanto, 08 Jul 2016make the BATTERY REMOVEABLE PLS... i use ur NOTE3 and then i change into NOTE4... and th... moreIts ironic how the internet says Note5 a failure meanwhile in real life it is the 'best seller' of the year.; Its ironic how the internet says Note5 a failure meanwhile in real life it is the 'best seller' of the year.
For me, this device is still useless, until it can run the PC versions of Microsoft Office; For me, this device is still useless, until it can run the PC versions of Microsoft Office
Can't wait no more for Note 7!!!
 I am still on Note 3 because when n4 came out the difference was not worth it and when n5 came out it didn't impress me that much.
 Now I am worried what would happen if N7 didn't fly as anticipated.
 Any suggestion for an alternative, same concept, with stylus and preferable with Samsung android OS?; Can't wait no more for Note 7!!!; I am still on Note 3 because when n4 came out the difference was not worth it and when n5 came out it didn't impress me that much.; Now I am worried what would happen if N7 didn't fly as anticipated.; Any suggestion for an alternative, same concept, with stylus and preferable with Samsung android OS?
Should be available with Dual SIM Model . It becomes easy when you travel between Two countries - rather then carry Two Mobile - become easy to carry just one mobile that can be used for Voice & Data both - Active for both SIM - Voice & Data . Note series is ideal for Business users . Look forward Samsung to offer Dual SIM Model of Note 7 edge .; Should be available with Dual SIM Model . It becomes easy when you travel between Two countries - rather then carry Two Mobile - become easy to carry just one mobile that can be used for Voice & Data both - Active for both SIM - Voice & Data . Note series is ideal for Business users . Look forward Samsung to offer Dual SIM Model of Note 7 edge .
i hope galaxy note 7 will allow screen writing even when off just like the note 5 . easily accessible sim card cache. but why is it the battery is not removable.; i hope galaxy note 7 will allow screen writing even when off just like the note 5 . easily accessible sim card cache. but why is it the battery is not removable.
tanto, 08 Jul 2016make the BATTERY REMOVEABLE PLS... i use ur NOTE3 and then i change into NOTE4... and th... moreWell said bro &#128402;; Well said bro &#128402;
3,600 mAh battery; 3,600 mAh battery
Julliard, 07 Jul 2016Samsung fixed the microsd card slot problem. They once did said standard microsd card is too s... moreYeah, hoping that the Note7 will sport to universally adopt either microSD or UFS cards. That'd be wonderful. I'd like me a 64GB model, and slap in at least a 128GB card.; Yeah, hoping that the Note7 will sport to universally adopt either microSD or UFS cards. That'd be wonderful. I'd like me a 64GB model, and slap in at least a 128GB card.
make the BATTERY REMOVEABLE PLS...
 
 i use ur NOTE3 and then i change into NOTE4...
 
 and then samsung launch note5...but after i read the spec,, i think its a junk spec...
 
 please make a better spec for note7... microSD slot YES...Removeable battery YES..
 RAM 6GB yes....
 
 dont make a failure product like Note5 please...; make the BATTERY REMOVEABLE PLS...; i use ur NOTE3 and then i change into NOTE4...; and then samsung launch note5...but after i read the spec,, i think its a junk spec...; please make a better spec for note7... microSD slot YES...Removeable battery YES..; RAM 6GB yes....; dont make a failure product like Note5 please...
winnose, 07 Jul 2016prefer removable batteryAmen; Amen
I don't believe it will come out with 5.7 screen .S7 edge is with 5.5 ,so nobody will see the difference.Im pretty sure it will be 6 inches; I don't believe it will come out with 5.7 screen .S7 edge is with 5.5 ,so nobody will see the difference.Im pretty sure it will be 6 inches
Samsung ir plz; Samsung ir plz
Vlad, 07 Jul 2016Agreed on your last comment. Note4 is realy good and well ballanced model. I replace my Note3 ... moreSamsung fixed the microsd card slot problem. They once did said standard microsd card is too slow compare to theirs UFS storage. The company announced today the world's first removable UFS (Universal Flash Storage) memory cards, offering storage capacity of either 32, 64, 128, or 256 gigabytes, and performance speeds that simply blow older formats out of the water.
 
 The UFS cards have sequential read speeds of up to 530 megabytes per second Â— five times faster than the best microSD cards. That means reading a 5 gigabyte, full HD movie in roughly 10 seconds compared to a UHS-1 microSD card which manages the same feat in around 50 seconds.
 
 And while the design of the cards looks similar from the front, the PIN configuration on the back is non-compatible. There are no product yet that support the card format. Only new smartphone from Samsung(possibly Note7) may support it. Price and availability have also yet to be announced for the range. UFS might be the clear technological successor to formats used in microSD cards.; Samsung fixed the microsd card slot problem. They once did said standard microsd card is too slow compare to theirs UFS storage. The company announced today the world's first removable UFS (Universal Flash Storage) memory cards, offering storage capacity of either 32, 64, 128, or 256 gigabytes, and performance speeds that simply blow older formats out of the water.; The UFS cards have sequential read speeds of up to 530 megabytes per second Â— five times faster than the best microSD cards. That means reading a 5 gigabyte, full HD movie in roughly 10 seconds compared to a UHS-1 microSD card which manages the same feat in around 50 seconds.; And while the design of the cards looks similar from the front, the PIN configuration on the back is non-compatible. There are no product yet that support the card format. Only new smartphone from Samsung(possibly Note7) may support it. Price and availability have also yet to be announced for the range. UFS might be the clear technological successor to formats used in microSD cards.
Khud Gabbar, 03 Jul 2016Please releaset Note edge verion as well. simple notes are boaring.Err.... the Note 7 is a silly edge screened device. Tssss.; Err.... the Note 7 is a silly edge screened device. Tssss.
user007, 05 Jul 2016well,just nice but where is ir? iris scanner heard nice but what we do it,its just useless ... moreAgreed on your last comment. Note4 is realy good and well ballanced model. I replace my Note3 with 4 and was very happy. I thought to get Note5, but its specs was failure and its looks teribble especialy gold model.
 Samsung should return back all goodies from Note4 add better battery, S7 goddies like water/dust proofness and double SIM/SD-cart option and make better looking case (make it looks tough, not like fragule femaile poweder-box).
 Then Im in. Amen.; Agreed on your last comment. Note4 is realy good and well ballanced model. I replace my Note3 with 4 and was very happy. I thought to get Note5, but its specs was failure and its looks teribble especialy gold model.; Samsung should return back all goodies from Note4 add better battery, S7 goddies like water/dust proofness and double SIM/SD-cart option and make better looking case (make it looks tough, not like fragule femaile poweder-box).; Then Im in. Amen.
AhmedHadi, 05 Jul 2016Finally a micro sd slot. I couldn't care less about the non-removable battery. Although I woul... moreIR blaster may not return. IR blasters are generally considered semi-permanent as they are often bolted or glued to an object. Samsung is turning to IOTs technology to replace that. You may want to use ir blaster for Television, VCRs, DVRs, stereos, computers, and home theater projectors. 
 
 However, Samsung SUHD TVs can connect with and control Samsung devices and SmartThings sensors, as well as more than 200 other SmartThings compatible devices. These include everything from connected lights and locks to thermostats and cameras, from a wide range of high quality third party manufacturers. 
 
 SmartThings allows consumers to access all of their smart devices directly from their smartphone and SUHD TV, rather than having to control individual devices with a multitude of separate apps. With the SmartThings application, people can easily connect and manage all of their smart home devices and services through a single, simple user interface. Getting ahead of the curved is more of a Samsung things to do. Bear in mind, I still do want the IR blaster.; IR blaster may not return. IR blasters are generally considered semi-permanent as they are often bolted or glued to an object. Samsung is turning to IOTs technology to replace that. You may want to use ir blaster for Television, VCRs, DVRs, stereos, computers, and home theater projectors.; However, Samsung SUHD TVs can connect with and control Samsung devices and SmartThings sensors, as well as more than 200 other SmartThings compatible devices. These include everything from connected lights and locks to thermostats and cameras, from a wide range of high quality third party manufacturers.; SmartThings allows consumers to access all of their smart devices directly from their smartphone and SUHD TV, rather than having to control individual devices with a multitude of separate apps. With the SmartThings application, people can easily connect and manage all of their smart home devices and services through a single, simple user interface. Getting ahead of the curved is more of a Samsung things to do. Bear in mind, I still do want the IR blaster.
prefer removable battery; prefer removable battery
According to Evan Blass the phone will feature a 5.7-inch QHD Super AMOLED display, 64GB of storage, microSD support, 12-megapixel camera, 5-megapixel front camera, IP68 water and dust resistance, iris-scanning support and a new TouchWiz interface on top of Android.; According to Evan Blass the phone will feature a 5.7-inch QHD Super AMOLED display, 64GB of storage, microSD support, 12-megapixel camera, 5-megapixel front camera, IP68 water and dust resistance, iris-scanning support and a new TouchWiz interface on top of Android.
I do love all the samsung flagship's specifications ... but why samsung you always
 1. Like or maybe proud to have a curve screen which I found pretty annoying when typing while holding the phone ... it's increasing the price pretty high...
 2. Bigger and bigger phone for the bigger screen (i wish note series in 5.5 inch) for many reasons ... one of them the battery solution
 3. Have too many features that i think some of them quite not useful and even battery drainer
 4. The User Interface a bit boring i guess or maybe all my life I just using the samsung phone ... haha 
 And all the rest is wonderful, just maybe making a 5.5 inch screen phone which is including smaller phone and a un-curved screen will make me happier to buy the note series ...^^; I do love all the samsung flagship's specifications ... but why samsung you always; 1. Like or maybe proud to have a curve screen which I found pretty annoying when typing while holding the phone ... it's increasing the price pretty high...; 2. Bigger and bigger phone for the bigger screen (i wish note series in 5.5 inch) for many reasons ... one of them the battery solution; 3. Have too many features that i think some of them quite not useful and even battery drainer; 4. The User Interface a bit boring i guess or maybe all my life I just using the samsung phone ... haha; And all the rest is wonderful, just maybe making a 5.5 inch screen phone which is including smaller phone and a un-curved screen will make me happier to buy the note series ...^^
I hope the Battery stay at 4000 and not 3600 as reported others places arountd the net including Forbes... Other than that phone looks bad ass wish they also included unbreakable class I hate buying cases for these phones!; I hope the Battery stay at 4000 and not 3600 as reported others places arountd the net including Forbes... Other than that phone looks bad ass wish they also included unbreakable class I hate buying cases for these phones!
Raj, 05 Jul 2016I dnt understand the mind set of Samsung People. Being aware about the Indian Market which is ... moreif you want a phone with that spec that camera and that quality you are going to pay for it, you get a lot less in a iphone but same amount of money; if you want a phone with that spec that camera and that quality you are going to pay for it, you get a lot less in a iphone but same amount of money
efeeyuboglu, 06 Jul 2016I really hope samsung also provides a non-edge variant of note 7. I and most of the advanced u... moreJust you buddy dont know were your getting your info on running weaker its got more power than you would ever need; Just you buddy dont know were your getting your info on running weaker its got more power than you would ever need
aki, 06 Jul 2016Noyou are right I'm with you in this; you are right I'm with you in this
Vrindavan King, 05 Jul 2016can anyone tell me it have IR Blaster or not. ???it has IR blaster ......; it has IR blaster ......
Vrindavan King, 05 Jul 2016can anyone tell me it have IR Blaster or not. ???No; No
I really hope samsung also provides a non-edge variant of note 7. I and most of the advanced users don't really care about "aesthetics". An edge screen cut downs the functionality while it also significantly makes the phone weaker. And i really don't want to try writing to an edge screen with s-pen. Please samsung hear us!; I really hope samsung also provides a non-edge variant of note 7. I and most of the advanced users don't really care about "aesthetics". An edge screen cut downs the functionality while it also significantly makes the phone weaker. And i really don't want to try writing to an edge screen with s-pen. Please samsung hear us!
Vrindavan King, 05 Jul 2016can anyone tell me it have IR Blaster or not. ???that's the million dollar question.; that's the million dollar question.
Jack, 03 Jul 2016Keep in mind that, just because it has less megapixels, it does not mean that it is a downgrad... moreThanks for finally clarify that the "Pixels" are not a fiable indicator for the image resolution, we have to take a look at the FPS, Zoom and more information before we judge the resolution of the camera.; Thanks for finally clarify that the "Pixels" are not a fiable indicator for the image resolution, we have to take a look at the FPS, Zoom and more information before we judge the resolution of the camera.
Awaiting for the release new Smartphone; Awaiting for the release new Smartphone
Edy1, 05 May 2016Yes, yes even for Samsung, is a stupid thing in the line of galaxy S or Note phones to hav... moreMust have an "IR BLASTER" In note 7.......eagerly waiting for the "IR BLASTER".....; Must have an "IR BLASTER" In note 7.......eagerly waiting for the "IR BLASTER".....
Finally a micro sd slot. I couldn't care less about the non-removable battery. Although I would have liked an IR blaster... It would've perfected the Note 7 for me.; Finally a micro sd slot. I couldn't care less about the non-removable battery. Although I would have liked an IR blaster... It would've perfected the Note 7 for me.
Well there goes the 5.8 - 6" size they were talking about. 
 
 Just another Note 3, 4, and 5.; Well there goes the 5.8 - 6" size they were talking about.; Just another Note 3, 4, and 5.
Vrindavan King, 05 Jul 2016can anyone tell me it have IR Blaster or not. ???The Galaxy S7 does not have an IR blaster, so theres a great chance that the Note 7 will not have it either. Samsung usually uses the same tech in their S series phones but bumps them up significantly in the Note series, but the hardware usually stays the same; microSD, non removable battery, waterproof, etc.; The Galaxy S7 does not have an IR blaster, so theres a great chance that the Note 7 will not have it either. Samsung usually uses the same tech in their S series phones but bumps them up significantly in the Note series, but the hardware usually stays the same; microSD, non removable battery, waterproof, etc.
I dnt understand the mind set of Samsung People. Being aware about the Indian Market which is said to be there biggest market for selling note series, still they have followed the same track.
 
 They should not sell this mobile at a high price because similar specs expect few like Iris scanner and S Pen, are easily available with other brands at 1/3 or 1/4 prices.
 
 Also they are taking lots of time launch this device.
 
 I suggest Samsung to launch it quickly and try doing more research on new development of concept mobile phones. 
 Changing few specs like increasing RAM, removing replaceable battery and IR, will not be a promisable step for this company.
 
 Raj; I dnt understand the mind set of Samsung People. Being aware about the Indian Market which is said to be there biggest market for selling note series, still they have followed the same track.; They should not sell this mobile at a high price because similar specs expect few like Iris scanner and S Pen, are easily available with other brands at 1/3 or 1/4 prices.; Also they are taking lots of time launch this device.; I suggest Samsung to launch it quickly and try doing more research on new development of concept mobile phones.; Changing few specs like increasing RAM, removing replaceable battery and IR, will not be a promisable step for this company.; Raj
can anyone tell me it have IR Blaster or not. ???; can anyone tell me it have IR Blaster or not. ???
Awaiting for it's release! Hoping for a better specification of this phone. Love the size. More convenient when using social apps. Preferably when taking photos with a wide screen.; Awaiting for it's release! Hoping for a better specification of this phone. Love the size. More convenient when using social apps. Preferably when taking photos with a wide screen.
well,just nice but where is ir?
 
 iris scanner heard nice but what we do it,its just useless and made only bcoz its high tech reason.
 
 but IR support was so much usefull.
 
 4000mah battery is ok,and good think is that screen resolution competition is end, that resolution is sure enough.
 more than that only eat battery hard way.
 let see,i'm just fear its too high price..like 900Â€,and its too mush IF u can buy galaxy s7 edge tehn undet 700Â€
 dunno how they can make phone ip68 with that removable pen?
 
 stil think that note 4 best phone and sure S7; well,just nice but where is ir?; iris scanner heard nice but what we do it,its just useless and made only bcoz its high tech reason.; but IR support was so much usefull.; 4000mah battery is ok,and good think is that screen resolution competition is end, that resolution is sure enough.; more than that only eat battery hard way.; let see,i'm just fear its too high price..like 900Â€,and its too mush IF u can buy galaxy s7 edge tehn undet 700Â€; dunno how they can make phone ip68 with that removable pen?; stil think that note 4 best phone and sure S7
adril, 04 Jul 2016What's is the big difference between note7 and Note 5 & 4... right now i don't find a big ... more01. IP68 Waterproof
 02. Iris scanner
 03. Faster Chipset/CPU (both Exynos & Snapdragon variants)
 04. Dual Pixel F1.7 lens camera (1.4µm pixels sensor)
 05. New S-Pen capabilities
 06. Type-C reversible connector
 
 ...to name a few
 Rumors also has it...
 
 07. 6" screen
 08. 4600 battery
 
 Well, yes, way better and improved than Note5 or Note 4; 01. IP68 Waterproof; 02. Iris scanner; 03. Faster Chipset/CPU (both Exynos & Snapdragon variants); 04. Dual Pixel F1.7 lens camera (1.4µm pixels sensor); 05. New S-Pen capabilities; 06. Type-C reversible connector; ...to name a few; Rumors also has it...; 07. 6" screen; 08. 4600 battery; Well, yes, way better and improved than Note5 or Note 4
.; .
Anonymous, 04 Jul 2016Change battery size to 3600mah Why, battery size hasn't been confirmed.; Why, battery size hasn't been confirmed.
Why is removing samsung hardware . Infrared removed . radio has lost its importance . Refer to the tablet. No longer top android tablets. best tablets produced 10.1 note and note pro in 2014. But now samsung tablets very mediocre. s pen even dying. Samsung do not listen to customers. I hope samsung returns from this wrong.; Why is removing samsung hardware . Infrared removed . radio has lost its importance . Refer to the tablet. No longer top android tablets. best tablets produced 10.1 note and note pro in 2014. But now samsung tablets very mediocre. s pen even dying. Samsung do not listen to customers. I hope samsung returns from this wrong.
philayl, 04 Jul 2016No removable battery no Samsung phone, after 15 years with Samsung LG here I come! PhilYou really that dumb? theres the J7, Z3, On7, and some others that i might've missed; You really that dumb? theres the J7, Z3, On7, and some others that i might've missed
it's a joke,? frontal camera is a big mistake..12mpx??; it's a joke,? frontal camera is a big mistake..12mpx??
Change battery size to 3600mah; Change battery size to 3600mah
adril, 04 Jul 2016What's is the big difference between note7 and Note 5 & 4... right now i don't find a big ... moreThe Iris scanner; The Iris scanner
No removable battery no Samsung phone, after 15 years with Samsung LG here I come! Phil; No removable battery no Samsung phone, after 15 years with Samsung LG here I come! Phil
pls change your colour to dark black...; pls change your colour to dark black...
What's is the big difference between note7 and Note 5 & 4... right now i don't find a big reason to change my phone.; What's is the big difference between note7 and Note 5 & 4... right now i don't find a big reason to change my phone.
denis, 30 Jun 2016My concern is the camera. From 16mp of Note5 down to 12mp of note 7? Degrade? Or what? But i l... moreKeep in mind that, just because it has less megapixels, it does not mean that it is a downgrade. Megapixels is purely a number that only describes detail; not necessarily quality. I had a s6 edge with 16MP, and now have a s7 edge with 12MP, and the s7 clearly wins in terms of image quality.; Keep in mind that, just because it has less megapixels, it does not mean that it is a downgrade. Megapixels is purely a number that only describes detail; not necessarily quality. I had a s6 edge with 16MP, and now have a s7 edge with 12MP, and the s7 clearly wins in terms of image quality.
userone, 03 Jul 2016come on samsung. we all want Infrared port. thank you!I used infrared, but honestly, who uses this days? Think is a waste. Have you tried controlling via blutooth/wifi?; I used infrared, but honestly, who uses this days? Think is a waste. Have you tried controlling via blutooth/wifi?
Please releaset Note edge verion as well. simple notes are boaring.; Please releaset Note edge verion as well. simple notes are boaring.
come on samsung.
 
 we all want Infrared port.
 
 thank you!; come on samsung.; we all want Infrared port.; thank you!
this doesn`t deserve the number 6 , what is the bs with 7 ? They should start numbering like that krappy ipHone with Note 5S, would make much more sense...; this doesn`t deserve the number 6 , what is the bs with 7 ? They should start numbering like that krappy ipHone with Note 5S, would make much more sense...
removable battery is not coming back anymore guys the glass feels really good and it feels premium is they make the phone a seal phone will do really better not like the s5, and samy prefers to concentrate in the bigger number of customer that prefer premium feel than removable battery, I actually don't know anybody that takes a second battery and replace it during the day I have a note 5 and Im a heavy user and I get great battery life If I need extra charge the fast charging works really well or youcan just get a power bank now you have many options that can work with you. so stop talking about phone doent have a removable battery, the only feature I want back is the IR blaster I love that one but also most people don't use it.; removable battery is not coming back anymore guys the glass feels really good and it feels premium is they make the phone a seal phone will do really better not like the s5, and samy prefers to concentrate in the bigger number of customer that prefer premium feel than removable battery, I actually don't know anybody that takes a second battery and replace it during the day I have a note 5 and Im a heavy user and I get great battery life If I need extra charge the fast charging works really well or youcan just get a power bank now you have many options that can work with you. so stop talking about phone doent have a removable battery, the only feature I want back is the IR blaster I love that one but also most people don't use it.
Scratch prone; Scratch prone
Glass back again??; Glass back again??
if u like s pen feature then go for note 7 and if not then blindly go for s7 edge; if u like s pen feature then go for note 7 and if not then blindly go for s7 edge
Vendetta, 01 Jul 2016Go with s7go with S7 yourself I will buy Note 7 as soon as possible!; go with S7 yourself I will buy Note 7 as soon as possible!
It should have( IR )infrared to be the perfect device.; It should have( IR )infrared to be the perfect device.
There is No Note 6 ! It has been skipped to get things straight with all other models.; There is No Note 6 ! It has been skipped to get things straight with all other models.
Go with s7; Go with s7
denis, 30 Jun 2016My concern is the camera. From 16mp of Note5 down to 12mp of note 7? Degrade? Or what? But i l... moreSmall mobile sensors produce more low light noise when your pixels get smaller... personally i'm glad the MP race has stopped and we can get decent low light photos.; Small mobile sensors produce more low light noise when your pixels get smaller... personally i'm glad the MP race has stopped and we can get decent low light photos.
Anonymous, 30 Jun 2016if the screen size is only 5.7 inches, then i believe it should not have a curved screen or at... moreWho knows? Samsung might renamed it as Note Edge2. Makes more sense to me.; Who knows? Samsung might renamed it as Note Edge2. Makes more sense to me.
Tokos, 28 Jun 2016the last of the "native" NOTE series of the series was the NOTE 4. Until then the series NOTE ... moreI own a Note Edge as well as S7 Edge..both fantastic phones...was slightly confused about what they consider a edge screen on the S7...The Note Edge to me has a true edge screen cause it actually functioned as a second screen where as the edge screen on S7 is just a curved display with software added as a side menu.If the Note 7 going to have a curved edge screen I hope they bring back a true edge screen; I own a Note Edge as well as S7 Edge..both fantastic phones...was slightly confused about what they consider a edge screen on the S7...The Note Edge to me has a true edge screen cause it actually functioned as a second screen where as the edge screen on S7 is just a curved display with software added as a side menu.If the Note 7 going to have a curved edge screen I hope they bring back a true edge screen
Darknight7, 30 Jun 2016should i wait for Note 7 or go for S7 Edge wait for note 7 its revealing on 2nd august
 1mnth remaining.....if u like the feature of note7 then go for 7 otherwise s7 edge will be better option; wait for note 7 its revealing on 2nd august; 1mnth remaining.....if u like the feature of note7 then go for 7 otherwise s7 edge will be better option
if the screen size is only 5.7 inches, then i believe it should not have a curved screen or at least should have a flat screen version. curving the edges on that 5.7 inch screen means a smaller area to use the s-pen and that would defeat the purpose of the phablet being a note. and...if it has a curved screen, then it should be called "galaxy note 7 edge" not "galaxy note 7."; if the screen size is only 5.7 inches, then i believe it should not have a curved screen or at least should have a flat screen version. curving the edges on that 5.7 inch screen means a smaller area to use the s-pen and that would defeat the purpose of the phablet being a note. and...if it has a curved screen, then it should be called "galaxy note 7 edge" not "galaxy note 7."
should i wait for Note 7 or go for S7 Edge; should i wait for Note 7 or go for S7 Edge
The Note 6/7 is gonna have a regular display. Moreover Samsung is not going to launch an S7 edge plus because of the similar screen sizes. Moreover these phone will not have any expandable slots ...; The Note 6/7 is gonna have a regular display. Moreover Samsung is not going to launch an S7 edge plus because of the similar screen sizes. Moreover these phone will not have any expandable slots ...
Samsung should seriously think of making Note 7 outstanding with some features in these days of terrorism we need news updates on FM radio with boom speakers. Like Note 3incl HDMI feature, laser focus for camera, Bluetooth top features above 4.2. Make the S Pen with a thermometer.; Samsung should seriously think of making Note 7 outstanding with some features in these days of terrorism we need news updates on FM radio with boom speakers. Like Note 3incl HDMI feature, laser focus for camera, Bluetooth top features above 4.2. Make the S Pen with a thermometer.
denis, 30 Jun 2016My concern is the camera. From 16mp of Note5 down to 12mp of note 7? Degrade? Or what? But i l... moreIts kindoff a downgrade, The s7 also had a 12mp camera but in return it got dual-pixel focus and good low-light performance.; Its kindoff a downgrade, The s7 also had a 12mp camera but in return it got dual-pixel focus and good low-light performance.
That is 12 ultra mega pixel it is upgraded but where is note 6......????; That is 12 ultra mega pixel it is upgraded but where is note 6......????
Anybody hear if its going to have the curved "edge" screen OR regular screen?
 
 I am also hearing that the 64gb and the 128gb units will have the micros sd card slots but if they release a 256gb unit, it will not! anyone can confirm or squash?
 
 thanks; Anybody hear if its going to have the curved "edge" screen OR regular screen?; I am also hearing that the 64gb and the 128gb units will have the micros sd card slots but if they release a 256gb unit, it will not! anyone can confirm or squash?; thanks
Nickhawk, 29 Jun 2016Nice, but far to be enough! Has no infrared, no radio, and the same photo camera as the previ... moreWhat is the importance of infrared camera; What is the importance of infrared camera
My concern is the camera. From 16mp of Note5 down to 12mp of note 7? Degrade? Or what? But i like about the microsd up to 256gb. It not hang?; My concern is the camera. From 16mp of Note5 down to 12mp of note 7? Degrade? Or what? But i like about the microsd up to 256gb. It not hang?
It would stunning mobile if it would have octa core + octa core prosseser; It would stunning mobile if it would have octa core + octa core prosseser
Nice, but far to be enough! Has no infrared, no radio, and the same photo camera as the previous Galaxy. Well, being waterproof is a good step but I'm not so impressed.; Nice, but far to be enough! Has no infrared, no radio, and the same photo camera as the previous Galaxy. Well, being waterproof is a good step but I'm not so impressed.
It's come to my attention that Samsung is going to have a 3,600 mAh battery and not the 4000mAh battery. This is a hug mistake if it's true.; It's come to my attention that Samsung is going to have a 3,600 mAh battery and not the 4000mAh battery. This is a hug mistake if it's true.
What about infrared?
 Many times I use my NOTE4 as remote control for TV / AC with Peel. 
 Why they give away thermometer like in Note3? 
 Waterproof + Thermometer = check water temperature for washing my baby or swimming :); What about infrared?; Many times I use my NOTE4 as remote control for TV / AC with Peel.; Why they give away thermometer like in Note3?; Waterproof + Thermometer = check water temperature for washing my baby or swimming :)
Anonymous, 26 Jun 2016lol even with a 12 mp camera its one of the best on the market. if you look at the gs7 which h... moreWRONG MATE. do some research. Dual pixel means fast auto focus not double resolution; WRONG MATE. do some research. Dual pixel means fast auto focus not double resolution
Th3N31ghb0r, 28 Jun 2016Semi-confirmed rumors reveal 64,128 and 256GB models for the Note7! I'm pretty sure having 256... moreOne day Samsung will replace that glass back with metal after qualcomm made a chipset that allows wireless charging through metal. Something like that.; One day Samsung will replace that glass back with metal after qualcomm made a chipset that allows wireless charging through metal. Something like that.
I knew it!
 64GB internal storage is the minimum with USB type C port!; I knew it!; 64GB internal storage is the minimum with USB type C port!
Anonymous, 26 Jun 2016lol even with a 12 mp camera its one of the best on the market. if you look at the gs7 which h... moreWRONG MATE. do some research. Dual pixel means fast auto focus not double resolution; WRONG MATE. do some research. Dual pixel means fast auto focus not double resolution
the last of the "native" NOTE series of the series was the NOTE 4. Until then the series NOTE differed strongly superiority over the series S. Then from the NOTE 5 inclusive, only the S series is copied, ADDING only slightly more RAM, and obvious, the s pen NOTE characteristic of the series. This means decreased performance, features, innovation. loss of quality, take advantage of removable battery, camera and more powerful than the S series, as lo was common until NOTE 4. Also remember that the NOTE 4 featured an EDGE version, the first screen EDGE, which is then copied to the S series, but the edge of NOTE eDGE, was much more curved, and better edge, although only the right side was curved, and on the left side had a gentle slope that gave unique design quality.; the last of the "native" NOTE series of the series was the NOTE 4. Until then the series NOTE differed strongly superiority over the series S. Then from the NOTE 5 inclusive, only the S series is copied, ADDING only slightly more RAM, and obvious, the s pen NOTE characteristic of the series. This means decreased performance, features, innovation. loss of quality, take advantage of removable battery, camera and more powerful than the S series, as lo was common until NOTE 4. Also remember that the NOTE 4 featured an EDGE version, the first screen EDGE, which is then copied to the S series, but the edge of NOTE eDGE, was much more curved, and better edge, although only the right side was curved, and on the left side had a gentle slope that gave unique design quality.
Anonymous, 26 Jun 2016lol even with a 12 mp camera its one of the best on the market. if you look at the gs7 which h... moredude, you just shot yourself in the head! haha! 
 
 more MP means more pixels. the advantage is you can crop the images and still get clearer and sharper images. don't know why they called it dual-pixel, but that means every single pixel in the sensor can focus resulting to faster focusing.
 
 and yes, the s7 series has an f1.7 lens which means it can capture more light, can see better in the dark. not sure yet if it provides better bokeh than the f1.9 aperture on the note5 though. theoritically, yes.
 
 one last thing, the hardware (lens and sensor) and the software matters, not just the lens.; dude, you just shot yourself in the head! haha!; more MP means more pixels. the advantage is you can crop the images and still get clearer and sharper images. don't know why they called it dual-pixel, but that means every single pixel in the sensor can focus resulting to faster focusing.; and yes, the s7 series has an f1.7 lens which means it can capture more light, can see better in the dark. not sure yet if it provides better bokeh than the f1.9 aperture on the note5 though. theoritically, yes.; one last thing, the hardware (lens and sensor) and the software matters, not just the lens.
This cannot be true. Except for battery being not removable its perfect. This will iphone whos supporters will quote questionable benchmarks will be wiped out.; This cannot be true. Except for battery being not removable its perfect. This will iphone whos supporters will quote questionable benchmarks will be wiped out.
Semi-confirmed rumors reveal 64,128 and 256GB models for the Note7! I'm pretty sure having 256GB UFS 2.0 will convince me of not having to need a microSD. But then why not also give a memory expansion for extra practicality.
 
 Water-resistant, bigger battery, better camera sensor, bigger memory, makes it all worth it. Probably the only things to hate are the glass back with no removable battery.
 
 Note.5 is looking such a distant outdated device without a memory expansion.; Semi-confirmed rumors reveal 64,128 and 256GB models for the Note7! I'm pretty sure having 256GB UFS 2.0 will convince me of not having to need a microSD. But then why not also give a memory expansion for extra practicality.; Water-resistant, bigger battery, better camera sensor, bigger memory, makes it all worth it. Probably the only things to hate are the glass back with no removable battery.; Note.5 is looking such a distant outdated device without a memory expansion.
i think a better cam than the S7 would be an advantage.
 and also make a Note 7 active.; i think a better cam than the S7 would be an advantage.; and also make a Note 7 active.
And also 4000+mah battery! Samsung listened to their customers!; And also 4000+mah battery! Samsung listened to their customers!
Woh!!! This is Turing or to be an excellent phone! Really impressed, keep it up Samsung! Your customers will be happy. Micro SD, exynos 8893 chip, ip68, iris scanner, 6GB ram, dual curve, major design changes to s pen and everything awesome from s7; Woh!!! This is Turing or to be an excellent phone! Really impressed, keep it up Samsung! Your customers will be happy. Micro SD, exynos 8893 chip, ip68, iris scanner, 6GB ram, dual curve, major design changes to s pen and everything awesome from s7
finally gsm, you added ip68.....thanx. if is it have in the note 7, then I change from note 3 to note 7.; finally gsm, you added ip68.....thanx. if is it have in the note 7, then I change from note 3 to note 7.
IR port?; IR port?
Anonymous, 26 Jun 2016lol even with a 12 mp camera its one of the best on the market. if you look at the gs7 which h... moreActually, the dual-pixel is the name of the autofocus tech used in the S7 that gives it that ludicrously fast autofocus speed.
 
 It means that instead of having a few pixels that phase-detection photodiodes that allow PDAF, the S7's image sensor has photodiodes in pretty much all of its pixels, meaning that PDAF is covered by the entire sensor. This gives it that ludicrous autofocus speed.; Actually, the dual-pixel is the name of the autofocus tech used in the S7 that gives it that ludicrously fast autofocus speed.; It means that instead of having a few pixels that phase-detection photodiodes that allow PDAF, the S7's image sensor has photodiodes in pretty much all of its pixels, meaning that PDAF is covered by the entire sensor. This gives it that ludicrous autofocus speed.
is it true that galaxy note 7 will come iris scanner and curved dual edge scren and blue colour varriant; is it true that galaxy note 7 will come iris scanner and curved dual edge scren and blue colour varriant
Anonymous, 25 Jun 2016I've been waiting to upgrade my S5 to a Note, but will not buy Note7 because of a 12 megapixel... more12MP don't means a worst camera, if you cheack info about the new tecnology that Samsung is using on S7/S7 Edge (who will be the same tecnology for the next Note) you will notice that is much beter than a 16MP old tecnology on S6.
 Sorry for my english.; 12MP don't means a worst camera, if you cheack info about the new tecnology that Samsung is using on S7/S7 Edge (who will be the same tecnology for the next Note) you will notice that is much beter than a 16MP old tecnology on S6.; Sorry for my english.
Anonymous, 25 Jun 2016I've been waiting to upgrade my S5 to a Note, but will not buy Note7 because of a 12 megapixel... morelol even with a 12 mp camera its one of the best on the market. if you look at the gs7 which has a 12mp camera its still way better then the note 5 which is a 16mp. megapixels don't make the camera good, the lens in the camera is what matters. and its 12 DUAL mega pixels so technically it has 24mp. you need to do your research.; lol even with a 12 mp camera its one of the best on the market. if you look at the gs7 which has a 12mp camera its still way better then the note 5 which is a 16mp. megapixels don't make the camera good, the lens in the camera is what matters. and its 12 DUAL mega pixels so technically it has 24mp. you need to do your research.
Will it also have dual edge design?; Will it also have dual edge design?
Anonymous, 25 Jun 2016I've been waiting to upgrade my S5 to a Note, but will not buy Note7 because of a 12 megapixel... moreIts not the number of megapixels but the *size* of the pixels... this is how the S7 EDGE gives better quality pictures than the S6 EDGE in spite of having a lesser megapixel camera.; Its not the number of megapixels but the *size* of the pixels... this is how the S7 EDGE gives better quality pictures than the S6 EDGE in spite of having a lesser megapixel camera.
Anonymous, 25 Jun 2016I've been waiting to upgrade my S5 to a Note, but will not buy Note7 because of a 12 megapixel... moreMegapixels actually mean nothing...there are many cameras out there that have lower megapixels but are better than some cameras with higher megapixels; Megapixels actually mean nothing...there are many cameras out there that have lower megapixels but are better than some cameras with higher megapixels
Where to hell is Infrared port ?
 
 Seriously ..... Samsung makes it's devices worst year by year; Where to hell is Infrared port ?; Seriously ..... Samsung makes it's devices worst year by year
Anonymous, 25 Jun 2016I've been waiting to upgrade my S5 to a Note, but will not buy Note7 because of a 12 megapixel... morei also thought the same.I have a S7 and the 12 Mp camera rocks; i also thought the same.I have a S7 and the 12 Mp camera rocks
alehandrews aloo, 25 Jun 2016and the note 6?Samsung skipped "Note 6", so the Note series has the same numer as the S series - Galaxy S7, and now Note 7. Plus, Note 7 sounds better against iPhone 7 plus.
 
 edit// OK, I thought no ceomments were here... and when I post one, it turned out, there were many...; Samsung skipped "Note 6", so the Note series has the same numer as the S series - Galaxy S7, and now Note 7. Plus, Note 7 sounds better against iPhone 7 plus.; edit// OK, I thought no ceomments were here... and when I post one, it turned out, there were many...
Anonymous, 25 Jun 2016I've been waiting to upgrade my S5 to a Note, but will not buy Note7 because of a 12 megapixel... moreSamsung is not worrying about the camera they are currently have the best camera in the whole smartphone market and it's not about the 12 my camera it's about the quality of the camera; Samsung is not worrying about the camera they are currently have the best camera in the whole smartphone market and it's not about the 12 my camera it's about the quality of the camera
Anonymous, 25 Jun 2016I've been waiting to upgrade my S5 to a Note, but will not buy Note7 because of a 12 megapixel... moremegapixel doesn't mean everything for camera bro, high megapixel camera may produce bad picture due to other issue, iPhone is a nice example, low megapixel, but still can produce nice picture compare to some phone's camera that has higher megapixel.; megapixel doesn't mean everything for camera bro, high megapixel camera may produce bad picture due to other issue, iPhone is a nice example, low megapixel, but still can produce nice picture compare to some phone's camera that has higher megapixel.
alehandrews aloo, 25 Jun 2016and the note 6?Skipped to note 7. to sync with the 'S' series; Skipped to note 7. to sync with the 'S' series
Anonymous, 25 Jun 2016I've been waiting to upgrade my S5 to a Note, but will not buy Note7 because of a 12 megapixel... moreEhh, there's more to what makes a great camera than just megapixel count.
 
 You have to factor other stuff like pixel size, software processing, capture and focus speed, among other things to get the whole picture (pun not intended).; Ehh, there's more to what makes a great camera than just megapixel count.; You have to factor other stuff like pixel size, software processing, capture and focus speed, among other things to get the whole picture (pun not intended).
There will not be a NOTE 6; Samsung is skipping the NOTE 6 and going straight to NOTE 7 due out around August 2016; There will not be a NOTE 6; Samsung is skipping the NOTE 6 and going straight to NOTE 7 due out around August 2016
No Note 6, Samsung is trying to keep up with the S Series. So S7, Note 7 (Skipping the Note 6), S8, Note 8, Etc.; No Note 6, Samsung is trying to keep up with the S Series. So S7, Note 7 (Skipping the Note 6), S8, Note 8, Etc.
Anonymous, 25 Jun 2016I've been waiting to upgrade my S5 to a Note, but will not buy Note7 because of a 12 megapixel... moreThe camera may have fewer pixels, but is of a higher quality than the 16MP camera on the NOTE 4/5 already.; The camera may have fewer pixels, but is of a higher quality than the 16MP camera on the NOTE 4/5 already.
Lucas, 23 Jun 2016Samsung note series are not complete product after note 3. Everything is in perfect in note 3.... moreNo its rather note 4. note 4 has ir blaster removable battery and its faster.; No its rather note 4. note 4 has ir blaster removable battery and its faster.
Anonymous, 25 Jun 2016I've been waiting to upgrade my S5 to a Note, but will not buy Note7 because of a 12 megapixel... moredude do you even know what are you talking about? megapixel is the size of the image. if you dont crop,it is more tha enough for picture size and even if you do crop it is still sufficient. Samsug sensors and software are the best atm so get your facts straight loyal fan.; dude do you even know what are you talking about? megapixel is the size of the image. if you dont crop,it is more tha enough for picture size and even if you do crop it is still sufficient. Samsug sensors and software are the best atm so get your facts straight loyal fan.
Anonymous, 25 Jun 2016I've been waiting to upgrade my S5 to a Note, but will not buy Note7 because of a 12 megapixel... more12 MP with f/1.7 better than 23 MP with f/2.2; 12 MP with f/1.7 better than 23 MP with f/2.2
Anonymous, 25 Jun 2016I've been waiting to upgrade my S5 to a Note, but will not buy Note7 because of a 12 megapixel... moreMegapixels aren't directly correlated with camera quality... a larger sensor and larger pixels means much better low light performance. 12 and 16 megapixel pictures are both stunningly high resolution, and the quality is objectively better.; Megapixels aren't directly correlated with camera quality... a larger sensor and larger pixels means much better low light performance. 12 and 16 megapixel pictures are both stunningly high resolution, and the quality is objectively better.
Anonymous, 25 Jun 2016I've been waiting to upgrade my S5 to a Note, but will not buy Note7 because of a 12 megapixel... moreThat's the thing, while it is less megapixels. The Galaxy S7/edge camera is touted to be the best on the market. While back in the day, the S5 was supposed to be a fairly decent shooter. I myself run an S5 and ADORE the camera. It BLOWS me away with how good some pictures are. And I've used an S7, and while yes the different aspect ratio does take some getting used to. The overall camera itself, the optics, speed and versatility is blow away. 
 
 So yes, fewer MP, better optics. All in all, you may hate the way your pictures frame. But take a few and I can guarantee that you won't be disappointed.; That's the thing, while it is less megapixels. The Galaxy S7/edge camera is touted to be the best on the market. While back in the day, the S5 was supposed to be a fairly decent shooter. I myself run an S5 and ADORE the camera. It BLOWS me away with how good some pictures are. And I've used an S7, and while yes the different aspect ratio does take some getting used to. The overall camera itself, the optics, speed and versatility is blow away.; So yes, fewer MP, better optics. All in all, you may hate the way your pictures frame. But take a few and I can guarantee that you won't be disappointed.
Anonymous, 25 Jun 2016I've been waiting to upgrade my S5 to a Note, but will not buy Note7 because of a 12 megapixel... moreIts a 12 megapixel dual pixel so its like the S7 and s7 edge; Its a 12 megapixel dual pixel so its like the S7 and s7 edge
there will be no note 6 it will be note 7 to match the s7 series; there will be no note 6 it will be note 7 to match the s7 series
Anonymous, 22 Jun 2016Why did the Samsung note 7 drop to a 12 megapixel camera, instead of staying with the 16 megap... moreI've been waiting to upgrade my S5 to a Note, but will not buy Note7 because of a 12 megapixel camera. I think Samsung has begun to move backwards in some areas, and then try to fix the problems with the next series. STOP playing with loyal customers. It may be time to move on.; I've been waiting to upgrade my S5 to a Note, but will not buy Note7 because of a 12 megapixel camera. I think Samsung has begun to move backwards in some areas, and then try to fix the problems with the next series. STOP playing with loyal customers. It may be time to move on.
When coming Samsung Galaxy Note6?; When coming Samsung Galaxy Note6?
and the note 6?; and the note 6?
bhus, 24 Jun 2016battery back up problem in all samsung handset.It is more important to change batteries than to have a water resistant phone - I mean how many times are you going to use your phone underwater? Submersible phones should be options not flagships.; It is more important to change batteries than to have a water resistant phone - I mean how many times are you going to use your phone underwater? Submersible phones should be options not flagships.
anonymous, 23 Jun 2016Based on rumours, Samsung may use the same camera as in the S6. This camera provides better lo... moreWho buys a phone for low light performance. I like my memories in sharp HD please; Who buys a phone for low light performance. I like my memories in sharp HD please
if 256 GB internal will inbuilt then its great for new generation... and i like it internal 256GB and external 256 GB memory.total 512GB memory for enough to use for us... i will buy note 7...; if 256 GB internal will inbuilt then its great for new generation... and i like it internal 256GB and external 256 GB memory.total 512GB memory for enough to use for us... i will buy note 7...
battery back up problem in all samsung handset.; battery back up problem in all samsung handset.
No edge variant? Cant move even for note 5 ...best edge was in note 4; No edge variant? Cant move even for note 5 ...best edge was in note 4
Anonymous, 22 Jun 2016Why did the Samsung note 7 drop to a 12 megapixel camera, instead of staying with the 16 megap... moreBased on rumours, Samsung may use the same camera as in the S6. This camera provides better low light performance. In fact, even a 5-8 megapixel camera is enough if you just use your phone to capture memories- but that would give you less digital zoom.; Based on rumours, Samsung may use the same camera as in the S6. This camera provides better low light performance. In fact, even a 5-8 megapixel camera is enough if you just use your phone to capture memories- but that would give you less digital zoom.
Abhi, 22 Jun 2016It should have the following: - Dual SIM - IR - Removable Battery - Radio - Non edge scre... moreanything else? you want a lot and end it up with a xiomi...... really? and i bet that you want it at a lower price to... get REAL; anything else? you want a lot and end it up with a xiomi...... really? and i bet that you want it at a lower price to... get REAL
Abhi, 22 Jun 2016It should have the following: - Dual SIM - IR - Removable Battery - Radio - Non edge scre... morePurchase from different parts from different phone vendors plz assemble; Purchase from different parts from different phone vendors plz assemble
SPAD, 22 Jun 2016shouldn't it supposed to be galaxy note 6 ? ? ? Marketing team skipped Note 6 because they didn't want the Note to seem outdated to the Galaxy S7. They wanted to be able to say Note 7 and S7.; Marketing team skipped Note 6 because they didn't want the Note to seem outdated to the Galaxy S7. They wanted to be able to say Note 7 and S7.
SPAD, 22 Jun 2016shouldn't it supposed to be galaxy note 6 ? ? ? Samsung is trying to correct the numbering sequence. while the s6 was accompanied by the note 5, this time around the s7 will be accompanied by a note7; Samsung is trying to correct the numbering sequence. while the s6 was accompanied by the note 5, this time around the s7 will be accompanied by a note7
Fingerprint scanner is on the list. Removable battery would be a delight, but as all newer Samsung models, it is going to non-removable. Low light sensor is something I hear Samsung is developing, but I don't know if it is going to be featured on the new Note. And yes this is supposed to be Note 6, but because the Galaxy series is already at no. 7, they will equal it, so that users don't get the feeling they are using old parts or is and older phone.; Fingerprint scanner is on the list. Removable battery would be a delight, but as all newer Samsung models, it is going to non-removable. Low light sensor is something I hear Samsung is developing, but I don't know if it is going to be featured on the new Note. And yes this is supposed to be Note 6, but because the Galaxy series is already at no. 7, they will equal it, so that users don't get the feeling they are using old parts or is and older phone.
Samsung note series are not complete product after note 3. Everything is in perfect in note 3. It includes infrared, radio etc. But later samsung series does not contain infrared. Upcoming note series should be more reliable for customer; Samsung note series are not complete product after note 3. Everything is in perfect in note 3. It includes infrared, radio etc. But later samsung series does not contain infrared. Upcoming note series should be more reliable for customer
Is it water proof. ?; Is it water proof. ?
It should have the following:
 - Dual SIM
 - IR
 - Removable Battery
 - Radio
 - Non edge screen option
 - Finger scanning
 - Very low light operation
 - Multi-instance application option, like running 2 whatsapp
 - One sim change, atleast, from outside, without opening the back cover
 - water resistance, dust resistance comparable to Sony or current best in the market
 - Concave Home button (like iPhone)
 apart from other regular features, otherwise it's no game, not worth the money, would rather go for Xiomi; It should have the following:; - Dual SIM; - IR; - Removable Battery; - Radio; - Non edge screen option; - Finger scanning; - Very low light operation; - Multi-instance application option, like running 2 whatsapp; - One sim change, atleast, from outside, without opening the back cover; - water resistance, dust resistance comparable to Sony or current best in the market; - Concave Home button (like iPhone); apart from other regular features, otherwise it's no game, not worth the money, would rather go for Xiomi
nobody, 21 Jun 2016I hope they change the little USB socket and make one like the iphone easy in and out whicheve... moreIt is going to come with the USB Type-C connector... In which it is 5 times faster than the lightening connector. And yes, you can connect it either position. Hope this helps!; It is going to come with the USB Type-C connector... In which it is 5 times faster than the lightening connector. And yes, you can connect it either position. Hope this helps!
shouldn't it supposed to be galaxy note 6 ? ? ?; shouldn't it supposed to be galaxy note 6 ? ? ?
I love it. Can't wait.; I love it. Can't wait.
LPuller, 21 Jun 2016No IR blaster means no sale for me. I have the S6 Active and would have already bought the S7 ... moreTotally Agreeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee­eeeeed
 Me also IR heavy user; Totally Agreeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee­eeeeed; Me also IR heavy user
Why did the Samsung note 7 drop to a 12 megapixel camera, instead of staying with the 16 megapixel camera like the note 4 has?; Why did the Samsung note 7 drop to a 12 megapixel camera, instead of staying with the 16 megapixel camera like the note 4 has?
DrewTheGr8, 19 Jun 2016I am still on my note 3 because of the removable battery. I change batteries at least twice a day. I love my note 3 for the same reason. I also switch out batteries at least once a day. The note 7 will really have to WOW me. I'm on the fence about upgrading to the 7 since my 3 is all paid for finally.; I love my note 3 for the same reason. I also switch out batteries at least once a day. The note 7 will really have to WOW me. I'm on the fence about upgrading to the 7 since my 3 is all paid for finally.
nobody, 21 Jun 2016I hope they change the little USB socket and make one like the iphone easy in and out whicheve... moreUmmm... USB C is what this phone is coming with and that is what you are asking for.; Ummm... USB C is what this phone is coming with and that is what you are asking for.
No IR blaster means no sale for me. I have the S6 Active and would have already bought the S7 but it doesnt have the IR blaster either. Samsung is reducing functionality because why?
 
 I use the IR blaster every single day. I use my phone to cast Netflix or control my Amazon Firestick so being able to turn on the tv with the same device is more than convenient.
 
 I'm waiting to see what August holds in store. I'll either be buying or not based on that factor alone.; No IR blaster means no sale for me. I have the S6 Active and would have already bought the S7 but it doesnt have the IR blaster either. Samsung is reducing functionality because why?; I use the IR blaster every single day. I use my phone to cast Netflix or control my Amazon Firestick so being able to turn on the tv with the same device is more than convenient.; I'm waiting to see what August holds in store. I'll either be buying or not based on that factor alone.
I hope they change the little USB socket and make one like the iphone easy in and out whichever side..; I hope they change the little USB socket and make one like the iphone easy in and out whichever side..
Will be this time avaible in Europe?!? That's what interest me right now!; Will be this time avaible in Europe?!? That's what interest me right now!
then is it without IP68? what will be happen???; then is it without IP68? what will be happen???
Read this arrival about built in stand for watching videos:
 
 "Patently Mobile, which studied the patent, says the Galaxy Note S Pen in the near future could be used as a stand for a device and perform multiple functions that are part and parcel of the stylus. The S Pen will have a small hinge in its centre that will allow it to be folded almost in half."; Read this arrival about built in stand for watching videos:; "Patently Mobile, which studied the patent, says the Galaxy Note S Pen in the near future could be used as a stand for a device and perform multiple functions that are part and parcel of the stylus. The S Pen will have a small hinge in its centre that will allow it to be folded almost in half."
If the Put 4200 mah removeable battery then i'll go for this mobile otherwise not; If the Put 4200 mah removeable battery then i'll go for this mobile otherwise not
Personally I don't mind what it's called, as you can see by my username.
 But I would like:
 1: high res 4k screen, needed for vr apps
 2: Removable battery, for forced re-boots
 3: micro SD Slot, for no signal areas.
 4: waterproof, for UK always rains
 5: Thermal camera, "FLIR One" is great !
 6: Battery Shoe with heatsink. Cool run.
 7: Laser keyboard, check them out !
 8: Case with 45° stand, watching movies
 9: combination Locking Case.
 10: built in tracker, 200m range
 11: 6gb ram or more
 12: solar panel recharge rear
 13: quad core processor
 14: VR Headset
 15: Dolby atmos bluetooth headphones
 16: 4k front camera and 16k rear
 17: Selfie stick
 18: Glasses free 3D screen
 19: Retina scan security
 20: piced at under $1,500 USD; Personally I don't mind what it's called, as you can see by my username.; But I would like:; 1: high res 4k screen, needed for vr apps; 2: Removable battery, for forced re-boots; 3: micro SD Slot, for no signal areas.; 4: waterproof, for UK always rains; 5: Thermal camera, "FLIR One" is great !; 6: Battery Shoe with heatsink. Cool run.; 7: Laser keyboard, check them out !; 8: Case with 45° stand, watching movies; 9: combination Locking Case.; 10: built in tracker, 200m range; 11: 6gb ram or more; 12: solar panel recharge rear; 13: quad core processor; 14: VR Headset; 15: Dolby atmos bluetooth headphones; 16: 4k front camera and 16k rear; 17: Selfie stick; 18: Glasses free 3D screen; 19: Retina scan security; 20: piced at under $1,500 USD
The one thing Samsung needs to fix is the default messenger. Samsung is the only phone where once you have a chat window open and carrying on an active "text" conversation, you don't get a sound notification with each text. Makes it hard to do other things and be constantly looking at the phone to know when its your turn to respond.; The one thing Samsung needs to fix is the default messenger. Samsung is the only phone where once you have a chat window open and carrying on an active "text" conversation, you don't get a sound notification with each text. Makes it hard to do other things and be constantly looking at the phone to know when its your turn to respond.
I am still on my note 3 because of the removable battery. I change batteries at least twice a day.; I am still on my note 3 because of the removable battery. I change batteries at least twice a day.
Polo, 17 Jun 2016If version 7 is correct, they jump version 6 ! This is a business alignment ?Yes. The same "Amazing" way Apple can release an outdated device and follow up with an iphone 5se. Samsung will release the note 7 then later release the note 6 which would be a more affordable and less advance device than the note 7. Choose what you can afford approach.; Yes. The same "Amazing" way Apple can release an outdated device and follow up with an iphone 5se. Samsung will release the note 7 then later release the note 6 which would be a more affordable and less advance device than the note 7. Choose what you can afford approach.
Whoever does not have exstraible battery means that when your battery dies you have to throw the phone, as if it is waterproof loses its tightness when its battery, it should lead to other service técnicopara it is changed. Furthermore camera Note 4 shows best pictures day, possessing 16mpx versus 12mpx of note 7 and s7. Beast is not necessary to increase mpx reduce input light photographs at night, you just need that increasing the size of the pixels of the sensor, together proportionally the size of the complete set of the entire sensor and the lens is increased. Thus it would not need to reduce megapixel sensor. And I do not see why not bring infrared sensor. I stay with my Note Edge is the best for what I see. From that Samsung decided to reduce benefits under the pretext of improving aesthetics (which is false) decided not to buy more this line until further include removable battery, more than 16mpx sensor, and removable battery,; Whoever does not have exstraible battery means that when your battery dies you have to throw the phone, as if it is waterproof loses its tightness when its battery, it should lead to other service técnicopara it is changed. Furthermore camera Note 4 shows best pictures day, possessing 16mpx versus 12mpx of note 7 and s7. Beast is not necessary to increase mpx reduce input light photographs at night, you just need that increasing the size of the pixels of the sensor, together proportionally the size of the complete set of the entire sensor and the lens is increased. Thus it would not need to reduce megapixel sensor. And I do not see why not bring infrared sensor. I stay with my Note Edge is the best for what I see. From that Samsung decided to reduce benefits under the pretext of improving aesthetics (which is false) decided not to buy more this line until further include removable battery, more than 16mpx sensor, and removable battery,
Polo, 17 Jun 2016If version 7 is correct, they jump version 6 ! This is a business alignment ?Yes, that's it; Yes, that's it
Mike W., 17 Jun 2016Fix that stylus problem, Samsung???I assume you are talking about putting the stylus in with the pointy end sticking out? No offence but if you do that your probably not smart enough for a phone let alone a Note.
 
 It's like someone trying to drive a car with the bonnet up.; I assume you are talking about putting the stylus in with the pointy end sticking out? No offence but if you do that your probably not smart enough for a phone let alone a Note.; It's like someone trying to drive a car with the bonnet up.
which design your going to use ? And what about the battery ??? Samsung didn't put any details about it ??; which design your going to use ? And what about the battery ??? Samsung didn't put any details about it ??
Please! Give us the removable back for changing batteries and SD card insertion. Closing off the phone is a dumb move and is just going to make me look at HTC again.
 And more than one antennae! Multitasking .. it's what we do.; Please! Give us the removable back for changing batteries and SD card insertion. Closing off the phone is a dumb move and is just going to make me look at HTC again.; And more than one antennae! Multitasking .. it's what we do.
Shan, 07 Jun 2016I really wish Samsung will consider having IR and radio in this phone. This is the reason I di... moreThe iPhone doesn't have either of those features. Why would you switch to it? lol; The iPhone doesn't have either of those features. Why would you switch to it? lol
Fix that stylus problem, Samsung???; Fix that stylus problem, Samsung???
Waiting for Note 6, 15 Jun 2016You mean Note 6Rumored that they name it Note 7, synchronizing the series name as to S7.; Rumored that they name it Note 7, synchronizing the series name as to S7.
If version 7 is correct, they jump version 6 ! This is a business alignment ?; If version 7 is correct, they jump version 6 ! This is a business alignment ?
Waiting for Note 6, 15 Jun 2016You mean Note 6"... All recent reports suggest the sixth Note will be actually called Galaxy Note7 in order to catch up with the Galaxy S7 series."
 
 - GSMArena, "Samsung Galaxy Note7 enters mass production in July, 5 million units to ship this fall"; "... All recent reports suggest the sixth Note will be actually called Galaxy Note7 in order to catch up with the Galaxy S7 series."; - GSMArena, "Samsung Galaxy Note7 enters mass production in July, 5 million units to ship this fall"
Waiting for Note 6, 15 Jun 2016You mean Note 6You be waiting for eternity lol; You be waiting for eternity lol
Why no IR port.; Why no IR port.
I sincerely hope Samsung will make a dedicated memory slot for Note 7. Otherwise, I'll shift my attention to A9 Pro.; I sincerely hope Samsung will make a dedicated memory slot for Note 7. Otherwise, I'll shift my attention to A9 Pro.
Waiting for Note 6, 15 Jun 2016You mean Note 6No, it's going to be called the Note 7 because of the S series, they don't want a S7 to be the best flagship and a Note 6, it'll make it seem like a lesser phone. Doesn't make numerical sense but quite smart; No, it's going to be called the Note 7 because of the S series, they don't want a S7 to be the best flagship and a Note 6, it'll make it seem like a lesser phone. Doesn't make numerical sense but quite smart
Great pic of the Note 5 wheres the Note 7?; Great pic of the Note 5 wheres the Note 7?
Samsung will release a Note 7 and not a Note 6 in 2016; Samsung will release a Note 7 and not a Note 6 in 2016
Waiting for Note 6, 15 Jun 2016You mean Note 6no 7, Samsung explained that they'll skip 6 to get it even with the galaxy line like the samsung galaxy s7; no 7, Samsung explained that they'll skip 6 to get it even with the galaxy line like the samsung galaxy s7
Waiting for Note 6, 15 Jun 2016You mean Note 6Samsung is skipping # 6 for Note series. There won't be Note 6; Samsung is skipping # 6 for Note series. There won't be Note 6
Very sad that there is no dedicated sd card slot on dual sim model.; Very sad that there is no dedicated sd card slot on dual sim model.
Samsung is skipping no 6 for note. There wont' be note 6.; Samsung is skipping no 6 for note. There wont' be note 6.
Dis fone gonna b BEAST!!!!; Dis fone gonna b BEAST!!!!
does it have sd card; does it have sd card
how this phone manage 6GB RAM.....?????? if Samsung will use 6GB RAM on full capacity then i am sure this phone will be the fastest phone ever..... mostly use app can be retain in RAM so apps will response very fast ......
 
 But if Samsung is putting 6GB RAM only for price up than it is totally waste of money ...; how this phone manage 6GB RAM.....?????? if Samsung will use 6GB RAM on full capacity then i am sure this phone will be the fastest phone ever..... mostly use app can be retain in RAM so apps will response very fast ......; But if Samsung is putting 6GB RAM only for price up than it is totally waste of money ...
Observer1979, 16 Jun 2016looks like they will never bring back the removable battery for their flagship phones which is... moreI agree; I agree
TecLord, 09 Jun 2016Please bring back MicroSim! We all hate nanosim! And removable battery, no glass back, and 14... morelooks like they will never bring back the removable battery for their flagship phones which is a great disappointment to me and all the blah blah about the so called benefits of these non removable batteries to me it looks like a way to keep people buying new phones every year or 2 years.....i have a samsung s4 for 3 years now with the benefits of having 2 batteries to swap with and looking for a upgrade since last year but alas i have seen none with all this iphone copy looking samsung flagship phones so i will just upgrade to the note 4; looks like they will never bring back the removable battery for their flagship phones which is a great disappointment to me and all the blah blah about the so called benefits of these non removable batteries to me it looks like a way to keep people buying new phones every year or 2 years.....i have a samsung s4 for 3 years now with the benefits of having 2 batteries to swap with and looking for a upgrade since last year but alas i have seen none with all this iphone copy looking samsung flagship phones so i will just upgrade to the note 4
Anon, 15 Jun 2016Do you want it to come with a built in Flux capacitor as well?none removable battery still a big spoiler for me guess all flagships will be like this now smh; none removable battery still a big spoiler for me guess all flagships will be like this now smh
Waiting for Note 6, 15 Jun 2016You mean Note 6keep up they are skipping the note 6; keep up they are skipping the note 6
Waiting for Note 6, 15 Jun 2016You mean Note 6it's gone be note 7 to be aligned with the S series (Samsung Galaxy S7 - Samsung Galaxy Note 7); it's gone be note 7 to be aligned with the S series (Samsung Galaxy S7 - Samsung Galaxy Note 7)
Waiting for Note 6, 15 Jun 2016You mean Note 6no. Samsung is calling it the Note 7 to keep up with the Galaxy S7; no. Samsung is calling it the Note 7 to keep up with the Galaxy S7
You mean Note 6; You mean Note 6
If the both primary lens and secondary lens are f=1.4; lens size=22mm. These specifications will increase performance of camera; If the both primary lens and secondary lens are f=1.4; lens size=22mm. These specifications will increase performance of camera
NiGhT DeViLe, 14 Jun 20161. 5000 mah battery 2. 256gb memory 3. Sdcard slot 4. Dual sim.. 2 slot 5. DOLBY STEREO F... moreLoool, thermal camera? =))) This is so funny! :)); Loool, thermal camera? =))) This is so funny! :))
Where is Note 6; Where is Note 6
Where is note 6?! Its embarrassing....; Where is note 6?! Its embarrassing....
i your idea galaxy note7 is better than asus zenfone3 Deluxe or zenfone3 Deluxe is better than note7?; i your idea galaxy note7 is better than asus zenfone3 Deluxe or zenfone3 Deluxe is better than note7?
NiGhT DeViLe, 14 Jun 20161. 5000 mah battery 2. 256gb memory 3. Sdcard slot 4. Dual sim.. 2 slot 5. DOLBY STEREO F... moreDo you want it to come with a built in Flux capacitor as well?; Do you want it to come with a built in Flux capacitor as well?
1. 5000 mah battery
 2. 256gb memory
 3. Sdcard slot 
 4. Dual sim.. 2 slot
 5. DOLBY STEREO FRONT SPEAKERS 
 6. INFRARED
 7. 6gb ram
 8. Usb c charger, wireless charger, dock charger
 9.max... 6" 4k display 
 10.thermal camera; 1. 5000 mah battery; 2. 256gb memory; 3. Sdcard slot; 4. Dual sim.. 2 slot; 5. DOLBY STEREO FRONT SPEAKERS; 6. INFRARED; 7. 6gb ram; 8. Usb c charger, wireless charger, dock charger; 9.max... 6" 4k display; 10.thermal camera
Anonymous, 13 Jun 2016Someone just enlight me why note 6 is skipped? The reason for this is that it will be then in line with the S7 (and also because apple will bring out shortly a 7).; The reason for this is that it will be then in line with the S7 (and also because apple will bring out shortly a 7).
Anonymous, 13 Jun 2016Someone just enlight me why note 6 is skipped? to keep in line with the Galaxy S7 and not to seem like an older model of the S7 or the iPhone 7; to keep in line with the Galaxy S7 and not to seem like an older model of the S7 or the iPhone 7
Anonymous, 13 Jun 2016Someone just enlight me why note 6 is skipped? well i guess they dont know how to count.; well i guess they dont know how to count.
Anonymous, 13 Jun 2016Someone just enlight me why note 6 is skipped? Parity with the Galaxy S line. It removes a lot of confusion from the S line (Galaxy S7 vs Note 6 - Note 6 seems a bit weaker/older than the S7). From a marketing perspective they might not want to lose the perception of the phone, as versus other OEM's like the iPhone 6 or whatnot, it might seem older and therefore not something they'd want to get (for the customer who wants the newest best phome).; Parity with the Galaxy S line. It removes a lot of confusion from the S line (Galaxy S7 vs Note 6 - Note 6 seems a bit weaker/older than the S7). From a marketing perspective they might not want to lose the perception of the phone, as versus other OEM's like the iPhone 6 or whatnot, it might seem older and therefore not something they'd want to get (for the customer who wants the newest best phome).
They skipped #6 to get in line with the current flagship models. In this way the new Note won't associate with previous generation S-class and look outdated at the first glance.; They skipped #6 to get in line with the current flagship models. In this way the new Note won't associate with previous generation S-class and look outdated at the first glance.
They just want to do the jump so it matches up with there current phones; They just want to do the jump so it matches up with there current phones
Anonymous, 13 Jun 2016Someone just enlight me why note 6 is skipped? To compete with iPhone 7, Note 6 is skipped; To compete with iPhone 7, Note 6 is skipped
Anonymous, 13 Jun 2016Someone just enlight me why note 6 is skipped? they want to bring their flagships inline s7 note7 to avoid confusion and other reasons but this is what i have heard.; they want to bring their flagships inline s7 note7 to avoid confusion and other reasons but this is what i have heard.
Anonymous, 13 Jun 2016Someone just enlight me why note 6 is skipped? to catch up with the s7; to catch up with the s7
[deleted post]Yes.. samsung confirms that galaxy note 7 comes with 6GB Ram. price of galaxy note 7 is around 800$; Yes.. samsung confirms that galaxy note 7 comes with 6GB Ram. price of galaxy note 7 is around 800$
Note 6 may be skipped because the s model and iPhone have a 7 in the name and they don't want customers thinking it is an older version. Almost makes too much sense to be true; Note 6 may be skipped because the s model and iPhone have a 7 in the name and they don't want customers thinking it is an older version. Almost makes too much sense to be true
They really should bring back the IR blaster, combined with ip68 water and dust resistance, removable SD card slot, 6GB of ram with a 16mp camera w/ larger sensor for better night shots like the s7 and stock 64 GB HDD space would make the note 7 the perfect phone. :D; They really should bring back the IR blaster, combined with ip68 water and dust resistance, removable SD card slot, 6GB of ram with a 16mp camera w/ larger sensor for better night shots like the s7 and stock 64 GB HDD space would make the note 7 the perfect phone. :D
[deleted post]Samsung didn't want their customers getting confused between the new & the old Note phones. Since the Galaxy S is on the 7th model, they figured they'd skip the 6 & go straight to the 7. This way new consumers buying Samsung phones won't be confused. Like the iPhone 6S & 6S Plus. Now you have the S7 & Note 7.; Samsung didn't want their customers getting confused between the new & the old Note phones. Since the Galaxy S is on the 7th model, they figured they'd skip the 6 & go straight to the 7. This way new consumers buying Samsung phones won't be confused. Like the iPhone 6S & 6S Plus. Now you have the S7 & Note 7.
I want my IR Blaster back!!!!!; I want my IR Blaster back!!!!!
Anonymous, 13 Jun 2016Someone just enlight me why note 6 is skipped? Well, someone decided that the Note series should match the S series. Resulting in Note 7 this year and the following year it will be the S8, S8 edge along with the Note 8.; Well, someone decided that the Note series should match the S series. Resulting in Note 7 this year and the following year it will be the S8, S8 edge along with the Note 8.
Anonymous, 13 Jun 2016Someone just enlight me why note 6 is skipped? Rumor only: They wanted to get the model numbers synced with the Galaxy "S" line. Currently the Galaxy S7; Rumor only: They wanted to get the model numbers synced with the Galaxy "S" line. Currently the Galaxy S7
im an note user since note 1 ....let me suggest u some feature that we note ussers want on our next note .
 1,sd slot 
 2,ir blaster 
 3, 4k display 
 4, back camera 21mp 
 5,front camera 8mp 
 6, extra charger and hands free
 7, wireless charger 
 8, wearable gear along with it. 
 9,vr display kit 4800mah battery 
 10, 6inches display with improved clours; im an note user since note 1 ....let me suggest u some feature that we note ussers want on our next note .; 1,sd slot; 2,ir blaster; 3, 4k display; 4, back camera 21mp; 5,front camera 8mp; 6, extra charger and hands free; 7, wireless charger; 8, wearable gear along with it.; 9,vr display kit 4800mah battery; 10, 6inches display with improved clours
To have s7 and note7.; To have s7 and note7.
coolio jo mojo, 12 Jun 2016I'll stick to my note 4 thank you very much. This is not much of an upgrade if you compare. So... moreThis will be a 3x better than the note 4 or 5 
 It doesnt mean Higher megapixels-Better camera its about quality
 And a 6gb ram is a monster compare to 3gb ram
 And a better S Pen; This will be a 3x better than the note 4 or 5; It doesnt mean Higher megapixels-Better camera its about quality; And a 6gb ram is a monster compare to 3gb ram; And a better S Pen
Anonymous, 13 Jun 2016Lets face it... the note series or the s will never bring back the removable battery. But then... moreWhat could be cool if they make a flap like dslr camera or like moto z snap on the back but in a battery or do what they do on the Galaxy Alpha when the back is plastic or leather; What could be cool if they make a flap like dslr camera or like moto z snap on the back but in a battery or do what they do on the Galaxy Alpha when the back is plastic or leather
Anonymous, 13 Jun 2016Someone just enlight me why note 6 is skipped? Because they thought the sales would drop if they name it 6, because the Samsung S7 & S7 Edge is already out, and people would think that they sell an old phone.; Because they thought the sales would drop if they name it 6, because the Samsung S7 & S7 Edge is already out, and people would think that they sell an old phone.
Anonymous, 13 Jun 2016Someone just enlight me why note 6 is skipped? Leaks said it will be feel outdated sinse its 6 and note is like a supersized version of S series and have a slightly better specs and a spen; Leaks said it will be feel outdated sinse its 6 and note is like a supersized version of S series and have a slightly better specs and a spen
phone macho user, 12 Jun 2016yes, note 7 is the phone,one of thouse. but IR sensor must be there,MUST. its cheap,small ... moreI want IR sensor? and fm radio and edge model; I want IR sensor? and fm radio and edge model
Davidivac, 13 Jun 2016Totally agree. IR sensor is a MUST. I don't understand why Samsung didn't include it in their ... moreI agree you.
 IR infrared sensor must 
 FM radio must .; I agree you.; IR infrared sensor must; FM radio must .
Hi, it is perfect features.
 some missing,
 Fm radio and infrared remote control and edge model .; Hi, it is perfect features.; some missing,; Fm radio and infrared remote control and edge model .
Anonymous, 13 Jun 2016Someone just enlight me why note 6 is skipped? Because if you take a look at samsung galaxy s7 and when you buy samsung galaxy note 6 you kinda feel the phone came from last year. So Samsung has announced to skip the 6 and go for 7 so that you will feel you just bought a brand new device.; Because if you take a look at samsung galaxy s7 and when you buy samsung galaxy note 6 you kinda feel the phone came from last year. So Samsung has announced to skip the 6 and go for 7 so that you will feel you just bought a brand new device.
haha.FINALLY THE NOTE 7 IS ARRIVING...by the way they skipped the 6th series because they don't want the buyers think that the note series are behind the S series.......; haha.FINALLY THE NOTE 7 IS ARRIVING...by the way they skipped the 6th series because they don't want the buyers think that the note series are behind the S series.......
When can we get this phone?; When can we get this phone?
Someone just enlight me why note 6 is skipped?; Someone just enlight me why note 6 is skipped?
phone macho user, 12 Jun 2016yes, note 7 is the phone,one of thouse. but IR sensor must be there,MUST. its cheap,small ... moreTotally agree. IR sensor is a MUST. I don't understand why Samsung didn't include it in their last flagships.; Totally agree. IR sensor is a MUST. I don't understand why Samsung didn't include it in their last flagships.
Lets face it... the note series or the s will never bring back the removable battery. But then again, very, very few other flagship phone manufacturers make their batteries removable. LG did it with the G5 and it was kind of a failure. No point waiting for one guys.; Lets face it... the note series or the s will never bring back the removable battery. But then again, very, very few other flagship phone manufacturers make their batteries removable. LG did it with the G5 and it was kind of a failure. No point waiting for one guys.
coolio jo mojo, 12 Jun 2016I'll stick to my note 4 thank you very much. This is not much of an upgrade if you compare. So... moreha ha.. do you have any idea what you are speaking!!! do some research on internet bro.. you will be surprised..; ha ha.. do you have any idea what you are speaking!!! do some research on internet bro.. you will be surprised..
looks like samsung is continuing the trend of non removable battery in their phones so i will definitely upgrade from my samsung s4 to a note 4; looks like samsung is continuing the trend of non removable battery in their phones so i will definitely upgrade from my samsung s4 to a note 4
yes, note 7 is the phone,one of thouse.
 but IR sensor must be there,MUST.
 
 its cheap,small and easy to included it.
 
 samsung! we all need it,its has so much fun and usefull
 
 we want IR sensor?
 
 
 thank you!; yes, note 7 is the phone,one of thouse.; but IR sensor must be there,MUST.; its cheap,small and easy to included it.; samsung! we all need it,its has so much fun and usefull; we want IR sensor?; thank you!
I'll stick to my note 4 thank you very much. This is not much of an upgrade if you compare. Some features are actually a downgrade i.e. camera; I'll stick to my note 4 thank you very much. This is not much of an upgrade if you compare. Some features are actually a downgrade i.e. camera
Also, the battery will be over 4000 mah. An iris scanner is a huge possibility. There will be no removable battery and a ir blaster is unlikely. Even so, this is going to be a sick phone! :); Also, the battery will be over 4000 mah. An iris scanner is a huge possibility. There will be no removable battery and a ir blaster is unlikely. Even so, this is going to be a sick phone! :)
Not all of this is right. The note 6/7 will most likely feature IP 68 dust and water resistance. It is also highly unlikely Samsung will just use qualcom snapdragon (823) models. They will use the exynos processor 8890 found i the s7/edge. US models will get the snapdragon and most other places will get exynos. A possible dual camera is not mentioned either.; Not all of this is right. The note 6/7 will most likely feature IP 68 dust and water resistance. It is also highly unlikely Samsung will just use qualcom snapdragon (823) models. They will use the exynos processor 8890 found i the s7/edge. US models will get the snapdragon and most other places will get exynos. A possible dual camera is not mentioned either.
Viktor SeverBolt, 11 Jun 2016No removable battery and FM radio - This trinket, which I do not buy and for $ 1Dont lie Viktor, we all know you would but this phone for a dollar; Dont lie Viktor, we all know you would but this phone for a dollar
No removable battery and FM radio -
 This trinket, which I do not buy and for $ 1; No removable battery and FM radio -; This trinket, which I do not buy and for $ 1
I think that note 6 was been flopped and note 7 took it's place because all specification are same the name has changed; I think that note 6 was been flopped and note 7 took it's place because all specification are same the name has changed
Put back remuvable baterry..IR blaster, card slot and normal back cover. I hate back glass cover. Its so finger print to much. And its so heavy with glass cover.And to have Exinos,no Snapdragon. My opinion is more good Exinos. Look at Note 4, its wonderful body. Sorry for my english,but i hope you understande.; Put back remuvable baterry..IR blaster, card slot and normal back cover. I hate back glass cover. Its so finger print to much. And its so heavy with glass cover.And to have Exinos,no Snapdragon. My opinion is more good Exinos. Look at Note 4, its wonderful body. Sorry for my english,but i hope you understande.
5,8 nice :) - best size, 6,0 a9 can be a little bit too big. And please: Iris scanner! - I need a reason to change my note 3:) wireless charging must be included if I can't open the cover and put myself.. 2 sim cards would be nice....; 5,8 nice :) - best size, 6,0 a9 can be a little bit too big. And please: Iris scanner! - I need a reason to change my note 3:) wireless charging must be included if I can't open the cover and put myself.. 2 sim cards would be nice....
Velocifero, 09 Jun 2016It's purely a marketing stunt. If they went with Note6, the device would feel inferior to this... moreThat isn't why there isn't windows 9...; That isn't why there isn't windows 9...
It sure would be nice if we could get the colors advertised at first order!; It sure would be nice if we could get the colors advertised at first order!
Please bring back MicroSim! We all hate nanosim!
 And removable battery, no glass back, and 1440p is ENOUGH!; Please bring back MicroSim! We all hate nanosim!; And removable battery, no glass back, and 1440p is ENOUGH!
addy, 08 Jun 2016what is the diff between note 6 and note 7 any one tell me plz...It's purely a marketing stunt. If they went with Note6, the device would feel inferior to this year's S7 and S7 edge. Same thing with Windows. After 8 and 8.1, Windows 9 wouldn't sound as groundbreaking as full 10.; It's purely a marketing stunt. If they went with Note6, the device would feel inferior to this year's S7 and S7 edge. Same thing with Windows. After 8 and 8.1, Windows 9 wouldn't sound as groundbreaking as full 10.
Plz gain better timing Samsung; Plz gain better timing Samsung
In note 5 cam is not so good pixels are not good...and plz gain night vision; In note 5 cam is not so good pixels are not good...and plz gain night vision
Where is note 6??,; Where is note 6??,
addy, 08 Jun 2016what is the diff between note 6 and note 7 any one tell me plz...it's the same device, there is no galaxy note 6 it will be sold under the name of galaxy note7 to go with the S7 serie; it's the same device, there is no galaxy note 6 it will be sold under the name of galaxy note7 to go with the S7 serie
addy, 08 Jun 2016what is the diff between note 6 and note 7 any one tell me plz...it's the same phone,
 
 They might skip "6" and move directly to "7", to keep up with the s-models. Because some might Think less of it, if it had a "lower" number the the s-models...; it's the same phone,; They might skip "6" and move directly to "7", to keep up with the s-models. Because some might Think less of it, if it had a "lower" number the the s-models...
Tokos, 04 Jun 2016The Note 4 u Note (4) Edge continues to be the best of the series, despite the Note 5, which w... moreI lost my galaxy note 5 even a fingerprint sensor didn't help coz the power button can easily switch the phone of with absolute ease while they obsessing about being IPhone they should copy IPhone on a power button a phone like note 5 should have tight security features but sumsung doesn't really care; I lost my galaxy note 5 even a fingerprint sensor didn't help coz the power button can easily switch the phone of with absolute ease while they obsessing about being IPhone they should copy IPhone on a power button a phone like note 5 should have tight security features but sumsung doesn't really care
what is the diff between note 6 and note 7 any one tell me plz...; what is the diff between note 6 and note 7 any one tell me plz...
fast man, 08 Jun 2016We want to return all functions for the use of one hand and are bottom of the screen thumbnailsAlso we do not want the rear glass or please address this disturbing thing isnaads better and be more solid and does not accept fingerprint; Also we do not want the rear glass or please address this disturbing thing isnaads better and be more solid and does not accept fingerprint
We want to return all functions for the use of one hand and are bottom of the screen thumbnails; We want to return all functions for the use of one hand and are bottom of the screen thumbnails
This will surely cost a bomb with 256GB internal storage and a 6GB RAM; This will surely cost a bomb with 256GB internal storage and a 6GB RAM
What happened to note 6?; What happened to note 6?
where is note 6 ???????; where is note 6 ???????
sami! you must, i reapeat must include it infared sensor,good one.
 its not cost much and is small size.
 
 we all want IR sensor,dont we?!
 
 YES!
 
 and,most critical also,raise that battery at least 4000mah,another wise,who care what option phone has,if u cant use it.
 
 thnak you!; sami! you must, i reapeat must include it infared sensor,good one.; its not cost much and is small size.; we all want IR sensor,dont we?!; YES!; and,most critical also,raise that battery at least 4000mah,another wise,who care what option phone has,if u cant use it.; thnak you!
I really wish Samsung will consider having IR and radio in this phone. This is the reason I did not want to buy S7 edge this time.. I can't wait any longer as my S5 is too old. I might consider iphone 6S if these are not in note 6..; I really wish Samsung will consider having IR and radio in this phone. This is the reason I did not want to buy S7 edge this time.. I can't wait any longer as my S5 is too old. I might consider iphone 6S if these are not in note 6..
If they actually released it in the UK this time it would be nice...; If they actually released it in the UK this time it would be nice...
Im a big fan of Samsung family. 
 After using my note 5 I thought that they release their note 6/7 with fm radio.
 It seems i was wrong :-/; Im a big fan of Samsung family.; After using my note 5 I thought that they release their note 6/7 with fm radio.; It seems i was wrong :-/
please the note 5 has no infared..hope note6/7 will have it and also make the back glass stronger, another thing is the rear camera is to far out so it can brake easily and crack, make the rear camera like the s7..this will make customers extreamly happy and samsung would gain customers; please the note 5 has no infared..hope note6/7 will have it and also make the back glass stronger, another thing is the rear camera is to far out so it can brake easily and crack, make the rear camera like the s7..this will make customers extreamly happy and samsung would gain customers
jaime, 03 Jun 2016no need for a removable battery since it has fast charging capability.After a 6 months... when the battery will start to wear off... You will know what a removable battery can do. Fast charging won't help your fast draining!; After a 6 months... when the battery will start to wear off... You will know what a removable battery can do. Fast charging won't help your fast draining!
Nardz, 04 Jun 2016I join in fb samsung s7/s7e official page in philippines lots of complain in their device Pls ... moreit's funny when they said S7 series will be tougher than iPhone 6 series LOL; it's funny when they said S7 series will be tougher than iPhone 6 series LOL
I join in fb samsung s7/s7e official page in philippines lots of complain in their device Pls samsung no glass back cover, lot of s7/s7e user in our country broke their phone in just a single normal drop!; I join in fb samsung s7/s7e official page in philippines lots of complain in their device Pls samsung no glass back cover, lot of s7/s7e user in our country broke their phone in just a single normal drop!
The Note 4 u Note (4) Edge continues to be the best of the series, despite the Note 5, which was a sad setback in terms of removing removable battery and to remove memory expansion and infrared emitter. The Note 6 (7) paracer not recover the performance degradation of Note 5 with respect to Note 4 and Note Edge. It seems that Samsung cares more resemble Iphone in their 12mpx of camera in S7 and remove removable battery in Note 5 to S6 also that to be better, as it was in previous versions of the Note series, as the 4th , Edge, and 3. Note Edge is still the best in performance, despite being 2014. Nokia 1020 camera 2013, is still the best, with its 41mpx original,; The Note 4 u Note (4) Edge continues to be the best of the series, despite the Note 5, which was a sad setback in terms of removing removable battery and to remove memory expansion and infrared emitter. The Note 6 (7) paracer not recover the performance degradation of Note 5 with respect to Note 4 and Note Edge. It seems that Samsung cares more resemble Iphone in their 12mpx of camera in S7 and remove removable battery in Note 5 to S6 also that to be better, as it was in previous versions of the Note series, as the 4th , Edge, and 3. Note Edge is still the best in performance, despite being 2014. Nokia 1020 camera 2013, is still the best, with its 41mpx original,
Tokos, 02 Jun 2016You can not put a lower chamber to note 5 and 4 to this note 6 or 7. The camera should be no l... morehigher res camera means smaller pixels and worse low light quality.; higher res camera means smaller pixels and worse low light quality.
Kallag, 02 Jun 2016Non removable battery is a deal breaker.I'll take fast-charging capability over a removable battery, honestly.; I'll take fast-charging capability over a removable battery, honestly.
Tokos, 02 Jun 2016You can not put a lower chamber to note 5 and 4 to this note 6 or 7. The camera should be no l... moreLG5... Lol... with their terrible battery life you cant do without a removable battery.; LG5... Lol... with their terrible battery life you cant do without a removable battery.
no need for a removable battery since it has fast charging capability.; no need for a removable battery since it has fast charging capability.
You can not put a lower chamber to note 5 and 4 to this note 6 or 7. The camera should be no less than 16mpx . These should be at least 30mpx . ( Remember that a Nokia 2013 has 41mpx ). Interchangeable battery put back with my note 4 (if they want to increase sales), otherwise not buy plus a note and not go removable battery, will move into LG5; You can not put a lower chamber to note 5 and 4 to this note 6 or 7. The camera should be no less than 16mpx . These should be at least 30mpx . ( Remember that a Nokia 2013 has 41mpx ). Interchangeable battery put back with my note 4 (if they want to increase sales), otherwise not buy plus a note and not go removable battery, will move into LG5
Non removable battery is a deal breaker.; Non removable battery is a deal breaker.
most likely it'll have a non-removable batrery; most likely it'll have a non-removable batrery
LE7337, 31 May 2016Non-Removable battery?? I hope note. My Note3 and Note4 both had removable battery. I love the removable battery on my GN4 but i'm certain you wont see it in the GN6/7... sorry.; I love the removable battery on my GN4 but i'm certain you wont see it in the GN6/7... sorry.
Non-Removable battery?? I hope note.
 My Note3 and Note4 both had removable battery.; Non-Removable battery?? I hope note.; My Note3 and Note4 both had removable battery.
I'm sorry, but this gadget is not what I expected from a flagship. No infrared, no radio FM, the camera is also far to be the best of the market. I miss my old Note 4...; I'm sorry, but this gadget is not what I expected from a flagship. No infrared, no radio FM, the camera is also far to be the best of the market. I miss my old Note 4...
I hope samsung will build SAMSUNG GALAXY NOTE ULTRA/PRO/MAX with 6.5" screen. I believe theres a lot of samsung fans who love bigger screen, more than 6".; I hope samsung will build SAMSUNG GALAXY NOTE ULTRA/PRO/MAX with 6.5" screen. I believe theres a lot of samsung fans who love bigger screen, more than 6".
Hope Sammy will bring back the ir blaster in the Note 7/6; Hope Sammy will bring back the ir blaster in the Note 7/6
But where is note 6????; But where is note 6????
Sammy what happens when you develop the speakers. Atleast have the guts to put even a single stereo loudspeaker grill if not two like htc one m9; Sammy what happens when you develop the speakers. Atleast have the guts to put even a single stereo loudspeaker grill if not two like htc one m9
is it have ip68 protection? or not?; is it have ip68 protection? or not?
24bit 192kHz in GN7 is Excellent & Good option in Note Series. Merci Sami :); 24bit 192kHz in GN7 is Excellent & Good option in Note Series. Merci Sami :)
From my deep heart : Thank U Very Much For : " 24Bit 192Khz In headphone " Complete this brilliant with Stereo Speakers.; From my deep heart : Thank U Very Much For : " 24Bit 192Khz In headphone " Complete this brilliant with Stereo Speakers.
Heeeeeeeeey Sami !!!!!!! Please put on GN7 dual stereo speakers,don't forget.damet garm :); Heeeeeeeeey Sami !!!!!!! Please put on GN7 dual stereo speakers,don't forget.damet garm :)
Oncom, 29 May 2016Why not named it Note8, leapfrog iPhone and S7. In fact, Note always one step ahead of the oth... moreI think the idea is to line it up with the S7... having the Note series and S series number line up in the year they were released makes a lot of sense.; I think the idea is to line it up with the S7... having the Note series and S series number line up in the year they were released makes a lot of sense.
Why not named it Note8, leapfrog iPhone and S7. In fact, Note always one step ahead of the other phones.; Why not named it Note8, leapfrog iPhone and S7. In fact, Note always one step ahead of the other phones.
This device Samsung Galaxy Note7, will be better than all the notes already launched by Samsung and still leads the Apple iPhone 7 bisque, which is a inhaca.
 The only problem for all these devices will be the price - absurdly absurd ...; This device Samsung Galaxy Note7, will be better than all the notes already launched by Samsung and still leads the Apple iPhone 7 bisque, which is a inhaca.; The only problem for all these devices will be the price - absurdly absurd ...
lesa, 26 May 2016looool you went little over too far note 6 isnt even released yetIts only a rumor but it makes perfect sense to call the new note the Note 7 and line the numbers up with the S7.; Its only a rumor but it makes perfect sense to call the new note the Note 7 and line the numbers up with the S7.
lesa, 26 May 2016looool you went little over too far note 6 isnt even released yetNo leaks said it would be note 7 instead of 6 so its similar to s7 and iphone 7; No leaks said it would be note 7 instead of 6 so its similar to s7 and iphone 7
looool you went little over too far note 6 isnt even released yet; looool you went little over too far note 6 isnt even released yet
winoles, 23 May 2016Please, go get an iphone, if you canHa ha ha.....yes go and get iphone....they will give everything which u have mentioned.and also at$500 ha ha ha...; Ha ha ha.....yes go and get iphone....they will give everything which u have mentioned.and also at$500 ha ha ha...
internal memory of 256 GB????
 that's really incredible!
 Thanks a lot SAMSUNG!; internal memory of 256 GB????; that's really incredible!; Thanks a lot SAMSUNG!
I think Note 7 is gonna have a curve edge display and also a waterproof.; I think Note 7 is gonna have a curve edge display and also a waterproof.
It will be renamed to Note 7.; It will be renamed to Note 7.
I hope they bring back the removable battery and dedicated SD slot and not share the second sim slot for this. Still holding on to my note3 until i see mayor improvement without sacrificing above mentioned.; I hope they bring back the removable battery and dedicated SD slot and not share the second sim slot for this. Still holding on to my note3 until i see mayor improvement without sacrificing above mentioned.
NiGhTDeViL, 24 May 2016My Dream...Specs.. 1. 5000Mah Battery 2. 6."Display 3. Infrared 4. Sd Slot 5. Stereo Fron... moreNumber 4 will happen for the GN6, the rest won't.; Number 4 will happen for the GN6, the rest won't.
NiGhTDeViL, 24 May 2016My Dream...Specs.. 1. 5000Mah Battery 2. 6."Display 3. Infrared 4. Sd Slot 5. Stereo Fron... moreAdd waterproofing; Add waterproofing
My Dream...Specs..
 1. 5000Mah Battery
 2. 6."Display
 3. Infrared
 4. Sd Slot
 5. Stereo Front facing Speaker(like htc m8)
 6. Dedicated Camera Button; My Dream...Specs..; 1. 5000Mah Battery; 2. 6."Display; 3. Infrared; 4. Sd Slot; 5. Stereo Front facing Speaker(like htc m8); 6. Dedicated Camera Button
We want the return of the functionality of the use of one hand after Decrease screen in note 6 as it is found in Note 4 and in not 3
 ---------
 We hope that Samsung does not fail us, because it really is very, very necessary when dealing with one hand; We want the return of the functionality of the use of one hand after Decrease screen in note 6 as it is found in Note 4 and in not 3; ---------; We hope that Samsung does not fail us, because it really is very, very necessary when dealing with one hand
note series lover, 21 May 2016im a note user from the begaining since note 1 i have bought and used all of note cells even n... moreDon't forget must have a build in car remote starter..; Don't forget must have a build in car remote starter..
note series lover, 21 May 2016im a note user from the begaining since note 1 i have bought and used all of note cells even n... morePlease, go get an iphone, if you can; Please, go get an iphone, if you can
note series lover, 21 May 2016im a note user from the begaining since note 1 i have bought and used all of note cells even n... moreUm, it seems you want specs to brag with, rather than to actually use. A 16MP selfie cam, when a typical selfie posted online isn't even one megapixel? Why? And what's wrong with using the screen to illuminate your face much more evenly than two LED's would?
 
 FM radio used to be important in 2009, before streaming became widespread. You want a bigger battery AND faster charging. Those are, to a point, mutually exclusive, unless you also want a bigger power brick and a (thicker) phone that get's really hot when charging, which would wear out the battery faster. Then you want more pixels AND better graphics performance. That means a LOT more power consumption, and heat, which means an even bigger battery, and thus a thicker phone. 
 
 I would certainly not want to pay for all those accessories you ask for. I have yet to lose an S-pen, I already own a wristwatch I like and I don't want selfie stick. And, oh, IPS is an LCD technology. Why should we allow such old cruft on a flagship device, when AMOLED is already better, and keeps improving faster than LCD?
 
 A Xenon flash might be good, if you can accept its bulk (I would), and VR might actually justify 4K, as each eye only gets half a screen each. An IR blaster (and receiver) is certainly small and cheap enough to be made standard on any phone. Old IrDA could be a good, safe and secure way to communicate with IoT things.; Um, it seems you want specs to brag with, rather than to actually use. A 16MP selfie cam, when a typical selfie posted online isn't even one megapixel? Why? And what's wrong with using the screen to illuminate your face much more evenly than two LED's would?; FM radio used to be important in 2009, before streaming became widespread. You want a bigger battery AND faster charging. Those are, to a point, mutually exclusive, unless you also want a bigger power brick and a (thicker) phone that get's really hot when charging, which would wear out the battery faster. Then you want more pixels AND better graphics performance. That means a LOT more power consumption, and heat, which means an even bigger battery, and thus a thicker phone.; I would certainly not want to pay for all those accessories you ask for. I have yet to lose an S-pen, I already own a wristwatch I like and I don't want selfie stick. And, oh, IPS is an LCD technology. Why should we allow such old cruft on a flagship device, when AMOLED is already better, and keeps improving faster than LCD?; A Xenon flash might be good, if you can accept its bulk (I would), and VR might actually justify 4K, as each eye only gets half a screen each. An IR blaster (and receiver) is certainly small and cheap enough to be made standard on any phone. Old IrDA could be a good, safe and secure way to communicate with IoT things.
GML, 11 May 2016If it's gonna be a 4200 Li-Po you won't need to carry another battery in your bag. Trust me! 4... moreYup its huge and you have to charge it for 5 fcking years...(hours) lol; Yup its huge and you have to charge it for 5 fcking years...(hours) lol
note series lover, 21 May 2016im a note user from the begaining since note 1 i have bought and used all of note cells even n... moreYo! Bro i think Samsung is really for you y? B/C you too are over rated jezz...good luck for your request...:D; Yo! Bro i think Samsung is really for you y? B/C you too are over rated jezz...good luck for your request...:D
note series lover, 21 May 2016im a note user from the begaining since note 1 i have bought and used all of note cells even n... more4K screens are just stilly on sub 6 inch phones... no benefit but it puts strain on the gpu.; 4K screens are just stilly on sub 6 inch phones... no benefit but it puts strain on the gpu.
im a note user from the begaining since note 1 i have bought and used all of note cells even now im using note5 ....long story short.
 
 1st note 6 shoild have fromt cam dual with dual ledflash upto 16mp back dual cam 21 mp with xenon flash all cams should have ios technology.
 
 2nd it should have 4k display 
 
 3rd with dual sims and sd card option upto 500gb and atleast with 128gb basic version internal.
 
 4th f.m Radio option 
 
 5th 6gb ram 
 
 6th it should have atleat 4100mah plus much more fast charging 
 
 7th they should provide sefie stick and wireless charger plus vr gogles srcean protector plus pouch.
 
 8th it should be out with latest android N officialy 
 
 9th two pens as one can be lost at anytime
 
 10th i.r
 
 11th for God sake change the hands free they r not that gud in quality therefore it should be replaced.
 
 12th it should have i.p.s display with having 6inches display
 
 13th gear 2 watch
 
 14th with faster proseszor and G.P.U regarding any other device upto date
 
 15th finger sencer should be replaced as its not working that much well. as i have also iphone 6s plus and its sensors are much more liable then urs
 
 16th 3d touch
 
 17th live picture option such otion can be seen on iphone 6s
 
 i may be asking for tòo much but u have to make a premium variant and includes all abbove mentioned; im a note user from the begaining since note 1 i have bought and used all of note cells even now im using note5 ....long story short.; 1st note 6 shoild have fromt cam dual with dual ledflash upto 16mp back dual cam 21 mp with xenon flash all cams should have ios technology.; 2nd it should have 4k display; 3rd with dual sims and sd card option upto 500gb and atleast with 128gb basic version internal.; 4th f.m Radio option; 5th 6gb ram; 6th it should have atleat 4100mah plus much more fast charging; 7th they should provide sefie stick and wireless charger plus vr gogles srcean protector plus pouch.; 8th it should be out with latest android N officialy; 9th two pens as one can be lost at anytime; 10th i.r; 11th for God sake change the hands free they r not that gud in quality therefore it should be replaced.; 12th it should have i.p.s display with having 6inches display; 13th gear 2 watch; 14th with faster proseszor and G.P.U regarding any other device upto date; 15th finger sencer should be replaced as its not working that much well. as i have also iphone 6s plus and its sensors are much more liable then urs; 16th 3d touch; 17th live picture option such otion can be seen on iphone 6s; i may be asking for tòo much but u have to make a premium variant and includes all abbove mentioned
ken, 16 May 2016I hope have a water&dust resistance....and not very thin......:):Dnice to see it has 6GB RAM; nice to see it has 6GB RAM
Give 8k support videos; Give 8k support videos
nthor, 12 May 2016I like the Spen but I wish samsung will make smaller Galaxy Note. 5".5 or even smaller.Big screen is a must! 
 Useless if the screen is smaller!
 My only tv is now Note and it will be updated by Note 6 in the future! :)
 
 Also text would be too small in a smaller screen! 
 
 Note 6 is Good only with Big enough screen!
 
 There are plenty of smaller phones to choose from! :); Big screen is a must!; Useless if the screen is smaller!; My only tv is now Note and it will be updated by Note 6 in the future! :); Also text would be too small in a smaller screen!; Note 6 is Good only with Big enough screen!; There are plenty of smaller phones to choose from! :)
what are the odds, that the note 6 will come with flat screen, while curved on the back (like the note 5), i would love it more than a biside curved display; what are the odds, that the note 6 will come with flat screen, while curved on the back (like the note 5), i would love it more than a biside curved display
I hope have a water&dust resistance....and not very thin......:):D; I hope have a water&dust resistance....and not very thin......:):D
iJack, 10 May 2016Sir iPhone's latest model out performs android' latest.dont get fooled by those cores.I own on... moreWhy only talking about note 5...take any other smartphone of a S series or note series after 2012......samsung has given a tight slap to apple in every aspect....and u know that....iphone 6s plus around $850 and no 32gb and no microsd and no waterproof....this is a big big joke....i know iphone are good but certainly not the best...; Why only talking about note 5...take any other smartphone of a S series or note series after 2012......samsung has given a tight slap to apple in every aspect....and u know that....iphone 6s plus around $850 and no 32gb and no microsd and no waterproof....this is a big big joke....i know iphone are good but certainly not the best...
jith, 10 May 2016I don't understand why Samsung is reducing pixel density500 ppi is more than enough dear....; 500 ppi is more than enough dear....
Anonymous, 14 May 2016i think they will come back micro sd like the s7 but still no removable battery or an idea tha... moreI thing u should go for lg g5....any samsung mobile is not your cup of tea....i m sure u will return after 5 months; I thing u should go for lg g5....any samsung mobile is not your cup of tea....i m sure u will return after 5 months
If this comes in a 32GB version, it's going to be useless... because my Note 4 nearly uses 8GB for the system itself... by the time Android N comes out it will use 10GB or even more...; If this comes in a 32GB version, it's going to be useless... because my Note 4 nearly uses 8GB for the system itself... by the time Android N comes out it will use 10GB or even more...
Curved display & stylish design,superb camera and battery,processor same as s7,better than s7 or equal in every aspect.....i will surely go for note 6....; Curved display & stylish design,superb camera and battery,processor same as s7,better than s7 or equal in every aspect.....i will surely go for note 6....
i wish the note 6 lite is smaller and cheaper so it is like s7 with a s pen cause the ruomor is snap 820 4gb ram or maybe a note edge 2 or note 6 edge but the style of s7 edge like 2 edge not the note edge 1 edge; i wish the note 6 lite is smaller and cheaper so it is like s7 with a s pen cause the ruomor is snap 820 4gb ram or maybe a note edge 2 or note 6 edge but the style of s7 edge like 2 edge not the note edge 1 edge
i think they will come back micro sd like the s7 but still no removable battery or an idea that there is a flap or door to remove the battery but on the side not buttom just like the g5; i think they will come back micro sd like the s7 but still no removable battery or an idea that there is a flap or door to remove the battery but on the side not buttom just like the g5
Eagerly waiting for this device to replace my note 2.; Eagerly waiting for this device to replace my note 2.
Plz come quickly with price less than $700; Plz come quickly with price less than $700
I like the Spen but I wish samsung will make smaller Galaxy Note. 5".5 or even smaller.; I like the Spen but I wish samsung will make smaller Galaxy Note. 5".5 or even smaller.
samsung refuse to make a 6 inch note bye samsung; samsung refuse to make a 6 inch note bye samsung
Paddy , 06 May 2016Removable battery is a must! What on earth were they thinking when they decided to do away wit... moreIf it's gonna be a 4200 Li-Po you won't need to carry another battery in your bag. Trust me! 4200 Li-Po is huge.; If it's gonna be a 4200 Li-Po you won't need to carry another battery in your bag. Trust me! 4200 Li-Po is huge.
I really can't wait for this device. It's time to replace my beloved note 4.
 Just hoping they will bring back the ir blaster, It's a feture I'm using alot. 
 Anot edge note 6 will be nice as well; I really can't wait for this device. It's time to replace my beloved note 4.; Just hoping they will bring back the ir blaster, It's a feture I'm using alot.; Anot edge note 6 will be nice as well
Anonymous, 07 May 2016Wont happen sorry. I love the removable battery on the GN4 but dont use it much. With a 4000+ ... moreI really still hope a removable battery comes to the Note 6. Fixed battery and needing to mentally to keep turning off notifications and radios everytime should not be a thing today, all so that you can have power till you get home. Yeah, you can keep plugging in before going home, and probably carry around a powerbank - again such hassle that matches the answering the problems of iPhone users.
 
 Especially for someone like me who has unlimited data plan, I bought myself 5000mAh and 10000mAh extended batteries so I do not worry about such nonsense. Unlike powerpacks that are physically connected to the the microUSB port, extended batteries are more efficient as they DIRECTLY power the device. No transfer waste of which amount to 20 to 35% of stored power.
 
 I can use up to 8GB data, or even more in a day. The Zerolemon 10000mAh has become my favorite, and can give me more than 24 hours. After 60 cycles, my Excel spreadsheet calculated in proportion to actual hours use, and battery percentage use projects an average 31 hours with the WAY I PERSONALLY use the Note 3. I'm averaging 15 hours of actual use daily, and 5.5 hours average Screen On Time usage. I just plug it in when i get home, and it's around 30% to 40% left - which is good for battery management avoiding deep discharge.
 
 It's all about having options for long usage like how I use. Any sort of wireless charging and fast wired charging adds more heat, and just ruins the battery faster in a year or so. This is even why I ask my wife never to use fast charging to spare her S7 Edge.
 
 And the very wonderful thing about removable battery system: I wait 0 charging HOURS to get 100% charge back by just changing the battery to a fresh one. Spent battery is charge on a charging cradle.; I really still hope a removable battery comes to the Note 6. Fixed battery and needing to mentally to keep turning off notifications and radios everytime should not be a thing today, all so that you can have power till you get home. Yeah, you can keep plugging in before going home, and probably carry around a powerbank - again such hassle that matches the answering the problems of iPhone users.; Especially for someone like me who has unlimited data plan, I bought myself 5000mAh and 10000mAh extended batteries so I do not worry about such nonsense. Unlike powerpacks that are physically connected to the the microUSB port, extended batteries are more efficient as they DIRECTLY power the device. No transfer waste of which amount to 20 to 35% of stored power.; I can use up to 8GB data, or even more in a day. The Zerolemon 10000mAh has become my favorite, and can give me more than 24 hours. After 60 cycles, my Excel spreadsheet calculated in proportion to actual hours use, and battery percentage use projects an average 31 hours with the WAY I PERSONALLY use the Note 3. I'm averaging 15 hours of actual use daily, and 5.5 hours average Screen On Time usage. I just plug it in when i get home, and it's around 30% to 40% left - which is good for battery management avoiding deep discharge.; It's all about having options for long usage like how I use. Any sort of wireless charging and fast wired charging adds more heat, and just ruins the battery faster in a year or so. This is even why I ask my wife never to use fast charging to spare her S7 Edge.; And the very wonderful thing about removable battery system: I wait 0 charging HOURS to get 100% charge back by just changing the battery to a fresh one. Spent battery is charge on a charging cradle.
Since Galaxy S7 is already IP68 certified, it is safe to assume that Note 6 will be IP68 certified also. The captive market of Note 6 is mainly business users who go to the office every day. The waterproof feature will be a very significant upgrade to this product line.
 
 The 6 GB RAM will be very useful for running multiple simultaneous applications, which is a normal thing nowadays. I am not talking about games, but of documents, business apps, etc.
 
 Now, the stylus has always been a useful tool to Note users. I am expecting new features for Note 6. I will also look forward to increased screen sensitivity.
 
 Overall, this premium phone should meet the users' expectations or else it will fail to sell. The smartphone market has grown incredibly, and people are diverting to cheaper phones with mid-range specs. However, I am still saving up for this phone, and I hope to be amazed when it comes out.; Since Galaxy S7 is already IP68 certified, it is safe to assume that Note 6 will be IP68 certified also. The captive market of Note 6 is mainly business users who go to the office every day. The waterproof feature will be a very significant upgrade to this product line.; The 6 GB RAM will be very useful for running multiple simultaneous applications, which is a normal thing nowadays. I am not talking about games, but of documents, business apps, etc.; Now, the stylus has always been a useful tool to Note users. I am expecting new features for Note 6. I will also look forward to increased screen sensitivity.; Overall, this premium phone should meet the users' expectations or else it will fail to sell. The smartphone market has grown incredibly, and people are diverting to cheaper phones with mid-range specs. However, I am still saving up for this phone, and I hope to be amazed when it comes out.
jith, 10 May 2016I don't understand why Samsung is reducing pixel densityPast a certain point more MP on a small mobile sensor only adds image noise.; Past a certain point more MP on a small mobile sensor only adds image noise.
dev111111, 06 May 2016Dear.smartphone containing this specification will come in 2018 only in samsung......and in ap... moreSir iPhone's latest model out performs android' latest.dont get fooled by those cores.I own one latest iPhone and one latest from note series.I keep note5 for movies and YouTube.otherwise iPhone is best to keep whole day.; Sir iPhone's latest model out performs android' latest.dont get fooled by those cores.I own one latest iPhone and one latest from note series.I keep note5 for movies and YouTube.otherwise iPhone is best to keep whole day.
the pixel small but u guyz need to knw that s7 and note 6 are using dual pixel technology which is give u faster auto-focus and clearer images that 16 mp and 21 mp camera doesn't do; the pixel small but u guyz need to knw that s7 and note 6 are using dual pixel technology which is give u faster auto-focus and clearer images that 16 mp and 21 mp camera doesn't do
many guys are commenting wrong about the camera or its quality, u know, samsung always pay its best of the best, like s7, s6, note 4,5,and now its 6.
 The camera and its quality is much higher than 16mp camera of any other phone, like huawei, etc, also the best thing of samsung is about its hiigghheerr resolution display, it provides a great look !!!!! nothing is like samsung for its quality, and its servises that it is providing.
 but i have a stuning question to samsung, - why samsung is not launching A9 in india and A9 pro.
 bcaus i m waiting it for 9 months; many guys are commenting wrong about the camera or its quality, u know, samsung always pay its best of the best, like s7, s6, note 4,5,and now its 6.; The camera and its quality is much higher than 16mp camera of any other phone, like huawei, etc, also the best thing of samsung is about its hiigghheerr resolution display, it provides a great look !!!!! nothing is like samsung for its quality, and its servises that it is providing.; but i have a stuning question to samsung, - why samsung is not launching A9 in india and A9 pro.; bcaus i m waiting it for 9 months
I don't understand why Samsung is reducing pixel density; I don't understand why Samsung is reducing pixel density
Paddy , 06 May 2016Removable battery is a must! What on earth were they thinking when they decided to do away wit... moreMust have the removable battery - I wont move from the 4th version and what gives with cutting out the sd card... bean counters???; Must have the removable battery - I wont move from the 4th version and what gives with cutting out the sd card... bean counters???
I just have a question, the one who have note 4 or note 5 or even note 6,during use this phone what is the difference that he will notice?; I just have a question, the one who have note 4 or note 5 or even note 6,during use this phone what is the difference that he will notice?
I just have a question, the one who hav; I just have a question, the one who hav
Kerim.Race, 08 May 2016I like this phone his fantastic phone ever.Samsung his the top number 1 in phone ever the sams... moreFor what reason yo like samsung,this is a phone note computer,this instead of the very bad quality in samsung phones as opposite as iphone and sony; For what reason yo like samsung,this is a phone note computer,this instead of the very bad quality in samsung phones as opposite as iphone and sony
What the hell, 6 GB RAM for what, omg.; What the hell, 6 GB RAM for what, omg.
msciresa, 07 May 2016I would like to see stereo speakers!As long as they aren't on the front face stereo speakers would be fine... It would make a 5.8" phone to big otherwise.; As long as they aren't on the front face stereo speakers would be fine... It would make a 5.8" phone to big otherwise.
I like this phone his fantastic phone ever.Samsung his the top number 1 in phone ever the samsung i love my favourite manufacter phone is samsung; I like this phone his fantastic phone ever.Samsung his the top number 1 in phone ever the samsung i love my favourite manufacter phone is samsung
I would like to see stereo speakers!; I would like to see stereo speakers!
Newest rumors say 4200 mah battery and ip68 rating!; Newest rumors say 4200 mah battery and ip68 rating!
The camera is 12 MP only, need the rear camera is 20 MP, that is perfect; The camera is 12 MP only, need the rear camera is 20 MP, that is perfect
I insist on a removable battery; if not, no deal. LG here I come...; I insist on a removable battery; if not, no deal. LG here I come...
Paddy , 06 May 2016Removable battery is the answer!!!!Wont happen sorry. I love the removable battery on the GN4 but dont use it much. With a 4000+ mAh battery I would be lucky to need it once a year. The large majority on note users would probably be in the same boat. My main concern is what the battery life is like after 12 months of heavy used... normally it doesn't bother me as i upgrade every year except for the GN5 which was an epic fail.; Wont happen sorry. I love the removable battery on the GN4 but dont use it much. With a 4000+ mAh battery I would be lucky to need it once a year. The large majority on note users would probably be in the same boat. My main concern is what the battery life is like after 12 months of heavy used... normally it doesn't bother me as i upgrade every year except for the GN5 which was an epic fail.
Paddy , 06 May 2016Removable battery is a must! What on earth were they thinking when they decided to do away wit... moreagree!; agree!
There will be a rumored 4,200mAh QuickCharge enabled battery. :D; There will be a rumored 4,200mAh QuickCharge enabled battery. :D
Paddy , 06 May 2016Removable battery is a must! What on earth were they thinking when they decided to do away wit... moreYou are righ Mr Paddy.....
 I am agree with you.; You are righ Mr Paddy.....; I am agree with you.
Aki senpai, 06 May 2016What are you fighting for?
 Stupidity. 
 
 Stupidity of the market managers and others (htc, samsung, etc) who decide this yoyo of a characteristic of a product.; Stupidity.; Stupidity of the market managers and others (htc, samsung, etc) who decide this yoyo of a characteristic of a product.
Edy1, 05 May 2016Yes, yes even for Samsung, is a stupid thing in the line of galaxy S or Note phones to hav... moreDear.smartphone containing this specification will come in 2018 only in samsung......and in apple iphone it will come in iphone15s......just see the other side what apple is giving in $900.....nothing compared to samsung....; Dear.smartphone containing this specification will come in 2018 only in samsung......and in apple iphone it will come in iphone15s......just see the other side what apple is giving in $900.....nothing compared to samsung....
I think next galaxy note 7 would be 5 or 8 MP camera.....; I think next galaxy note 7 would be 5 or 8 MP camera.....
blade213, 04 May 2016 4000 mAh battery and buy just come with this featureRemovable battery is the answer!!!!; Removable battery is the answer!!!!
Aldoni, 04 May 2016I think that Samsung has done great with the Note 4. However, with those features that were re... moreRemovable battery is a must! What on earth were they thinking when they decided to do away with it? A spare battery is way faster than recharging when you're on a business trip! Samsung, wake up!; Removable battery is a must! What on earth were they thinking when they decided to do away with it? A spare battery is way faster than recharging when you're on a business trip! Samsung, wake up!
Edy1, 05 May 2016Yes, yes even for Samsung, is a stupid thing in the line of galaxy S or Note phones to hav... moreWhat are you fighting for?; What are you fighting for?
terre, 04 May 2016Bring your phone and a cello tape to me I will stick it and fox your problem. LOLI'm using note 4. Didn't upgrade to note 5 due to absence of IR port and micro sd slot. IR port is essential for me. I can control all my aircons and TV. Hopefully Samsung people add both these features in note 6; I'm using note 4. Didn't upgrade to note 5 due to absence of IR port and micro sd slot. IR port is essential for me. I can control all my aircons and TV. Hopefully Samsung people add both these features in note 6
The latest GN6 rumors (trusted reviews) are looking good.... 5.77" QHD screen, 6GB of RAM, 256GB of storage, a sizable 4,200mAh battery, IP68 waterproof body, SD card, 12MP camera etc
 
 Weather all, part or none of that is true we will have to wait and see. The only rumor i don't like so far is the 2K screen... i think it is a drain on the GPU that offers no noticeable improvement.; The latest GN6 rumors (trusted reviews) are looking good.... 5.77" QHD screen, 6GB of RAM, 256GB of storage, a sizable 4,200mAh battery, IP68 waterproof body, SD card, 12MP camera etc; Weather all, part or none of that is true we will have to wait and see. The only rumor i don't like so far is the 2K screen... i think it is a drain on the GPU that offers no noticeable improvement.
battery must be at least 3600mah,another way,phone is useless.; battery must be at least 3600mah,another way,phone is useless.
battery must be at least 3600mah,another way,phone is useless.; battery must be at least 3600mah,another way,phone is useless.
Edy1, 05 May 2016Yes, yes. But in the end, the market is saturated / mature so is not growing so much or eve... moreApple will keep losing from 2016 owards; Apple will keep losing from 2016 owards
Price Â€ 899 and dual sim Â€ 999 for Europe; Price Â€ 899 and dual sim Â€ 999 for Europe
maxabout3d, 04 May 20166 gb ram.... I want 6000 mah battery on this phone.will be too heavy remember that 4000 is very good; will be too heavy remember that 4000 is very good
Aldoni, 04 May 2016I think that Samsung has done great with the Note 4. However, with those features that were re... moreActually. From an exampine of the Galaxy s7. it IS possible to expand Storage. and if the note 6 is based upon that. just much bigger. it'll have the same method of expanding storage (like. single drawer for sim and SD) like it's smaller sibling!; Actually. From an exampine of the Galaxy s7. it IS possible to expand Storage. and if the note 6 is based upon that. just much bigger. it'll have the same method of expanding storage (like. single drawer for sim and SD) like it's smaller sibling!
Aldoni, 04 May 2016I think that Samsung has done great with the Note 4. However, with those features that were re... moreYes, yes 
 
 even for Samsung, is a stupid thing in the line of galaxy S or Note phones to have a version with micro sd slot in one year and next year don't have micro sd slot, but after another year the micro sd slot is back... is just stupid. 
 Leave the micro sd slot in the phone !
 
 Or waterproof, S3, S4 are not waterproof, S5 is waterproof but S6 is not, but S7 is waterproof .. !!! Wtf??? 
 You can't not yoyo with customers like that!! Will S8 will be waterproof? See customer lose trust because all these backs and forwards !!
 
 Or infrared port in one year the port is there another year not , next year is... Wtf is that?? 
 
 Leave the motherf IR port there for ALL versions ! 
 
 Is so simple. But the market minds make all these stupid mistakes !!
 
 Another mistake is to believe that phone is for young people and need something, that phone is for older people they need something different... it's a so BIG LIE !
 Everybody want a full characteristics phone !
 
 EVERYBODY WANTS EVERYTHING !
 
 This is the true rule of the mobile market today !
 
 All of us want a phone with:
 - oled screen - for outdoor use and good contrast (why make ips led phones anymore??? I just don't understand!)
 - micro sd port (we want, IF WE NEED, to have a lot of more memory besides fast intern memory)
 - waterproof because maybe will not swim with the phone but we want TRUST nothing will happen in a big rain 
 - a good many pixels and hdr with laser focus and OIS and dual flush camera ! Yes, we want all of that
 - we want 3000-4000 battery capacity, fast charge 
 - we want infrared port
 - we want STEREO FRONT speakers because we have two ears not one (and front, not back, not bottom, not on the sides)
 - we want even a front flash for selfies in clubs, bars in night, yes
 - we want radio FM, because we maybe need sometime
 - we want a top processor, normal
 - we want 3-4GB of ram, yes 
 
 So all people want all of that. Is not difficult to make a phone with all.
 
 - and we want that in a ONE phone! no some part in one phone A and other features in a phone B. We want all of these features in one single version of phone we can buy and we gladly use !
 
 
 
 -; Yes, yes; even for Samsung, is a stupid thing in the line of galaxy S or Note phones to have a version with micro sd slot in one year and next year don't have micro sd slot, but after another year the micro sd slot is back... is just stupid.; Leave the micro sd slot in the phone !; Or waterproof, S3, S4 are not waterproof, S5 is waterproof but S6 is not, but S7 is waterproof .. !!! Wtf???; You can't not yoyo with customers like that!! Will S8 will be waterproof? See customer lose trust because all these backs and forwards !!; Or infrared port in one year the port is there another year not , next year is... Wtf is that??; Leave the motherf IR port there for ALL versions !; Is so simple. But the market minds make all these stupid mistakes !!; Another mistake is to believe that phone is for young people and need something, that phone is for older people they need something different... it's a so BIG LIE !; Everybody want a full characteristics phone !; EVERYBODY WANTS EVERYTHING !; This is the true rule of the mobile market today !; All of us want a phone with:; - oled screen - for outdoor use and good contrast (why make ips led phones anymore??? I just don't understand!); - micro sd port (we want, IF WE NEED, to have a lot of more memory besides fast intern memory); - waterproof because maybe will not swim with the phone but we want TRUST nothing will happen in a big rain; - a good many pixels and hdr with laser focus and OIS and dual flush camera ! Yes, we want all of that; - we want 3000-4000 battery capacity, fast charge; - we want infrared port; - we want STEREO FRONT speakers because we have two ears not one (and front, not back, not bottom, not on the sides); - we want even a front flash for selfies in clubs, bars in night, yes; - we want radio FM, because we maybe need sometime; - we want a top processor, normal; - we want 3-4GB of ram, yes; So all people want all of that. Is not difficult to make a phone with all.; - and we want that in a ONE phone! no some part in one phone A and other features in a phone B. We want all of these features in one single version of phone we can buy and we gladly use !; -
Anonymous, 04 May 2016S7 does not have IR. But it is samsung best selling mobile. My guess is that there is only... moreYes, yes.
 
 But in the end, the market is saturated / mature so is not growing so much or even shrinking (see Apple lose in last quarter of sells and revenues)
 And theremore two companies fall from top 10 and other two new companies take place
 So every percent of market IS VERY IMPORTANT 
 
 the Samsung S7 sell well because waterproof not camera or processor (which were already great both) but with infrared will sell even that 1% better 
 
 with front stereo speakers maybe another 5% better 
 
 The future will be... very... stereo will see.
 And not only two front stereo speakers but even more than that... will have 4.1 speakers on all over 5" phones like today 12.9-inch iPad Pro who has 4 speakers and power stereo sound when portrait or landscape from these 4 different speakers.; Yes, yes.; But in the end, the market is saturated / mature so is not growing so much or even shrinking (see Apple lose in last quarter of sells and revenues); And theremore two companies fall from top 10 and other two new companies take place; So every percent of market IS VERY IMPORTANT; the Samsung S7 sell well because waterproof not camera or processor (which were already great both) but with infrared will sell even that 1% better; with front stereo speakers maybe another 5% better; The future will be... very... stereo will see.; And not only two front stereo speakers but even more than that... will have 4.1 speakers on all over 5" phones like today 12.9-inch iPad Pro who has 4 speakers and power stereo sound when portrait or landscape from these 4 different speakers.
4000 mAh battery and buy just come with this feature; 4000 mAh battery and buy just come with this feature
yui, 04 May 2016I don't known who are those people who can buy a 800$ phone but cannot buy a 5$ remote.LOL.This not a matter of money..it is useful to wherever we go..did you will bring the 5$ remote control to where you go..; This not a matter of money..it is useful to wherever we go..did you will bring the 5$ remote control to where you go..
I think that Samsung has done great with the Note 4. However, with those features that were removed in the Note 5 got me a bit disappointed. I refused to upgrade to the Note 5. Samsung needs to put back the infrared port and the SD card slot in the Note 6. I understand that most phones nowadays have the non-removable battery, but a removable battery would re-ensure the note users' loyalty to the Note series.; I think that Samsung has done great with the Note 4. However, with those features that were removed in the Note 5 got me a bit disappointed. I refused to upgrade to the Note 5. Samsung needs to put back the infrared port and the SD card slot in the Note 6. I understand that most phones nowadays have the non-removable battery, but a removable battery would re-ensure the note users' loyalty to the Note series.
Edy1, 04 May 2016You are wrong. For a car you can buy after a cup holder.. But you can not buy a IR port ... moreS7 does not have IR. But it is samsung best selling mobile. 
 
 My guess is that there is only a few people like you that will not buy this phone because of no IR. 
 
 I guess each to their own...; S7 does not have IR. But it is samsung best selling mobile.; My guess is that there is only a few people like you that will not buy this phone because of no IR.; I guess each to their own...
It's front cam should be not less than 8mp; It's front cam should be not less than 8mp
6 gb ram.... I want 6000 mah battery on this phone.; 6 gb ram.... I want 6000 mah battery on this phone.
nick, 04 May 2016People will not buy it if does not have an IR port.OMG. Its something like that ,I will not... moreYou are wrong. For a car you can buy after a cup holder.. 
 
 
 But you can not buy a IR port after you buy the phone without IR !!!
 
 
 So you are totally wrong.
 
 
 Beside you , Samsung make a very priced and good phone without a IR seams a little stupid, don't you think.???; You are wrong. For a car you can buy after a cup holder..; But you can not buy a IR port after you buy the phone without IR !!!; So you are totally wrong.; Beside you , Samsung make a very priced and good phone without a IR seams a little stupid, don't you think.???
Note 6 will be a beast as samsung killed note 5 by releasing the Edge plus beside note 5!
 Hope it will have 4000mAh battery & bigger display!
 counting days to see this phone out!; Note 6 will be a beast as samsung killed note 5 by releasing the Edge plus beside note 5!; Hope it will have 4000mAh battery & bigger display!; counting days to see this phone out!
The only comment from me is time to "waterproofed" the Note series.; The only comment from me is time to "waterproofed" the Note series.
Yes Infrared port is required and dedicated slot for dual sim cards and memory cards, otherwise no use of a duos. If possible a higher resolution camera with same features as S7. Also a better battery as the screen size is huge you can fit a beefy battery.; Yes Infrared port is required and dedicated slot for dual sim cards and memory cards, otherwise no use of a duos. If possible a higher resolution camera with same features as S7. Also a better battery as the screen size is huge you can fit a beefy battery.
jarfin and many more, 03 May 2016yes,looks good,except Infrared port must included,otherwise bye. i mean,its not need so muc... moreBring your phone and a cello tape to me I will stick it and fox your problem. LOL; Bring your phone and a cello tape to me I will stick it and fox your problem. LOL
People will not buy it if does not have an IR port.OMG.
 
 Its something like that ,I will not buy a car if it does not have cup holder.LOL; People will not buy it if does not have an IR port.OMG.; Its something like that ,I will not buy a car if it does not have cup holder.LOL
I don't known who are those people who can buy a 800$ phone but cannot buy a 5$ remote.LOL.; I don't known who are those people who can buy a 800$ phone but cannot buy a 5$ remote.LOL.
pls improve rear camera megapixel, 20 mp and above; pls improve rear camera megapixel, 20 mp and above
Infrared adapter is needed. Please please Samsung; Infrared adapter is needed. Please please Samsung
yes,looks good,except Infrared port must included,otherwise bye.
 
 i mean,its not need so much space and its cheap.
 
 
 Samsung,i and many more WANT IT,Infrared port!
 thank you; yes,looks good,except Infrared port must included,otherwise bye.; i mean,its not need so much space and its cheap.; Samsung,i and many more WANT IT,Infrared port!; thank you
Looks promising, except the silly fragile glass back, the removable of the IR blaster, and non-removable battery.
 
 Make the Galaxy Note as useful as a tool, not something that's shiny that you brag about but does less.
 
 I was about to get the Note 5, but out of frustration, got a 128GB and a 10000mAh battery for the Note 3.; Looks promising, except the silly fragile glass back, the removable of the IR blaster, and non-removable battery.; Make the Galaxy Note as useful as a tool, not something that's shiny that you brag about but does less.; I was about to get the Note 5, but out of frustration, got a 128GB and a 10000mAh battery for the Note 3.
I wish this is 16 MP camera rear camera and 8 MP front facing camera please; I wish this is 16 MP camera rear camera and 8 MP front facing camera please
Really hope this device gets released in Europe and doesnt come with "Pen-Gate" issues...; Really hope this device gets released in Europe and doesnt come with "Pen-Gate" issues...
I hate the 4:3 aspect ratio of pictures. Waiting wide pictures with good resolution.; I hate the 4:3 aspect ratio of pictures. Waiting wide pictures with good resolution.
Sam Fans, 03 May 2016Please bring back the IR blaster for the premium product of Samsung..Not sure why Samsung removed it in first place.
 I think it is very much required. Such a useful utility to control so many devices (TV, Audio systems, ACs, set top boxes etc.,). 
 Plz bring it back.; Not sure why Samsung removed it in first place.; I think it is very much required. Such a useful utility to control so many devices (TV, Audio systems, ACs, set top boxes etc.,).; Plz bring it back.
Please bring back the IR blaster for the premium product of Samsung..; Please bring back the IR blaster for the premium product of Samsung..
All it needs is a big battery and i'm sold; All it needs is a big battery and i'm sold
Most annoying thing about Samsung phones are,that they put the navigation control on opposite to stock android.; Most annoying thing about Samsung phones are,that they put the navigation control on opposite to stock android.
waiting to have it. spec are mentioned by GSMARENA not bad. only thing will miss IR, after brick my note-4 , i buy again note 4 instant of buying note - 5. coz of external sd card and IR. 
 if getting it back will buy note 6 happily,; waiting to have it. spec are mentioned by GSMARENA not bad. only thing will miss IR, after brick my note-4 , i buy again note 4 instant of buying note - 5. coz of external sd card and IR.; if getting it back will buy note 6 happily,
& Stereo Radio FM Also Duel Stereo Speakers.In The End : Note 6 Ready For Anything.; & Stereo Radio FM Also Duel Stereo Speakers.In The End : Note 6 Ready For Anything.
I will consider this phone if IR blaster is available.; I will consider this phone if IR blaster is available.
Will be an amazing phone .Believe me.l work in Samsung R&D department.; Will be an amazing phone .Believe me.l work in Samsung R&D department.
Will the Note6 have a better battery life than the S7 Edge; Will the Note6 have a better battery life than the S7 Edge
please install an IR blaster; please install an IR blaster
I am sick and tired of seeing increasing screen size of both s and note series.I want 5 inch for s series and 5.7 inch for note series till eternity.; I am sick and tired of seeing increasing screen size of both s and note series.I want 5 inch for s series and 5.7 inch for note series till eternity.
After Apple released iPhone 6S and upgrade the camera from 8MP to 12MP. Why the others smartphone consumer being such a poser and also features their smartphone into 12MP too.. I knew their add some amazing features on their "12MP Camera" BUT PLEASE isn't that still copying? I'm not a big fans of APPLE please SAMSUNG, BEAT APPLE!! PLEASE!! Just be innovative in your own way.; After Apple released iPhone 6S and upgrade the camera from 8MP to 12MP. Why the others smartphone consumer being such a poser and also features their smartphone into 12MP too.. I knew their add some amazing features on their "12MP Camera" BUT PLEASE isn't that still copying? I'm not a big fans of APPLE please SAMSUNG, BEAT APPLE!! PLEASE!! Just be innovative in your own way.
sammyoffnews, 02 May 2016Specification confermed by Samsung: 1. 5.7" 4K (UHD) display (they said that they are focus... moreNo use if battery is not removable.; No use if battery is not removable.
Again non removable battery?. RIP samsung. I will buy either Note 4 or LG G5.; Again non removable battery?. RIP samsung. I will buy either Note 4 or LG G5.
Samsung needs to design the Note Line in different sexy and more sophisticated. I buy Note cus I have alot to do my phone not receive and answer and make calls but write alot considering it my tablet/pc. For now I think let the Note Line design be different and 6 inch, stereo radio, removable battery, high camera like the Nokia Lumia 1020 or 808 pure view bore rear front and stopp Linking with insanephone and be unique. I get sad whenever I hear they're in court cus of this or that...love Samsung; Samsung needs to design the Note Line in different sexy and more sophisticated. I buy Note cus I have alot to do my phone not receive and answer and make calls but write alot considering it my tablet/pc. For now I think let the Note Line design be different and 6 inch, stereo radio, removable battery, high camera like the Nokia Lumia 1020 or 808 pure view bore rear front and stopp Linking with insanephone and be unique. I get sad whenever I hear they're in court cus of this or that...love Samsung
Wow so powerful &#128558;&#128558;; Wow so powerful &#128558;&#128558;
patboyslim, 02 May 2016Lol. Waiting for the haters.lolNot only that camera has half of resolution in 16:9 ratio - when comparing competitors or even their own previous flagships. While there is innovation in every part of the phone, their 4K quality went down, so details in still shots. Yeah, its faster&brighter, but it was achieved in old fashion - by making bigger pixels, not by bringing new tech for that(they had prepared) - they went for better autofocus and thats why they trashed their new brighter-pixels tech. With that there would be same amount of pixels and maybe even same aspect ratio. 
 I also wouldn't care about what pic for note they use here since only thing that will change is everything(or just bezels).
 It doesn't matter if it's battery stamina or great screen, or unparalleled gears... there is hardly someone who can do similarly in those fields. Not to mention Spen. For me as note user, the only thing I need from this phone is to have sd-slot back, that with a pen and no one "comes close". At least for year until surface phone, and thats already time about note7 :); Not only that camera has half of resolution in 16:9 ratio - when comparing competitors or even their own previous flagships. While there is innovation in every part of the phone, their 4K quality went down, so details in still shots. Yeah, its faster&brighter, but it was achieved in old fashion - by making bigger pixels, not by bringing new tech for that(they had prepared) - they went for better autofocus and thats why they trashed their new brighter-pixels tech. With that there would be same amount of pixels and maybe even same aspect ratio.; I also wouldn't care about what pic for note they use here since only thing that will change is everything(or just bezels).; It doesn't matter if it's battery stamina or great screen, or unparalleled gears... there is hardly someone who can do similarly in those fields. Not to mention Spen. For me as note user, the only thing I need from this phone is to have sd-slot back, that with a pen and no one "comes close". At least for year until surface phone, and thats already time about note7 :)
Hope its only the screen is increase in size not the whole phone... I really dont like the design of samsung lately.. Since huawei and htc is making a good design compare to iphone.. Until now im still using my note 3 because after that all design become bad because of samsungs plan to go metal..; Hope its only the screen is increase in size not the whole phone... I really dont like the design of samsung lately.. Since huawei and htc is making a good design compare to iphone.. Until now im still using my note 3 because after that all design become bad because of samsungs plan to go metal..
[deleted post]But ... but it looks exactly the same ....; But ... but it looks exactly the same ....
[deleted post]Lol. Waiting for the haters.lol; Lol. Waiting for the haters.lol
selfiecchi, 02 May 2016why? mp is just size not qualityI know well about that,but what if we have good quality and big size???,as you know size is important for zoom and higher details,and honestly I realized that s7 camera is weaker than note 5 and s6 generally,it had some improvments,even in s7 vs g5,it was clear g5 was better,it's a powerful 12 mp but 12mp has been long outdated,; I know well about that,but what if we have good quality and big size???,as you know size is important for zoom and higher details,and honestly I realized that s7 camera is weaker than note 5 and s6 generally,it had some improvments,even in s7 vs g5,it was clear g5 was better,it's a powerful 12 mp but 12mp has been long outdated,
We are still 4-5 months from getting N6.why Gsmarena posted it so early?; We are still 4-5 months from getting N6.why Gsmarena posted it so early?
man of war, 02 May 2016I just dont like the 12 mp camera,l know its good but its not superbwhy? mp is just size not quality; why? mp is just size not quality
sammyoffnews, 02 May 2016Specification confermed by Samsung: 1. 5.7" 4K (UHD) display (they said that they are focus... morenothing has been confirmed!!.so stop posting lies!!; nothing has been confirmed!!.so stop posting lies!!
I just dont like the 12 mp camera,l know its good but its not superb; I just dont like the 12 mp camera,l know its good but its not superb
Wonder if there will be some new sensors...; Wonder if there will be some new sensors...
Specification confermed by Samsung:
 
 1. 5.7" 4K (UHD) display (they said that they are focusing on VR,also by new fabrication process the cost of making UHD and QHD is almost same)
 2. Snapdragon 823/ Exynos 8895(higher clock speed)
 3. 6 GB ram, 64/128 /256 GB UFS 2.0 storage.
 4. Android 6.0.2 marshmallow.
 5. 10 mp isocell ,1/2" isocell sensor, F/1.6
 6. 3900 high density li-ion battery.; Specification confermed by Samsung:; 1. 5.7" 4K (UHD) display (they said that they are focusing on VR,also by new fabrication process the cost of making UHD and QHD is almost same); 2. Snapdragon 823/ Exynos 8895(higher clock speed); 3. 6 GB ram, 64/128 /256 GB UFS 2.0 storage.; 4. Android 6.0.2 marshmallow.; 5. 10 mp isocell ,1/2" isocell sensor, F/1.6; 6. 3900 high density li-ion battery.
Why are leaving IR Blaster? It's such a handy piece of hardware. I think OEMs should reach out to their customers more often to get feedback regarding their devices.; Why are leaving IR Blaster? It's such a handy piece of hardware. I think OEMs should reach out to their customers more often to get feedback regarding their devices.
This phone would be the best with the same specs but on a 5" FHD display..
 QHD and better (HDR) are for VR, which i never use. Plus the battery drain and performance would be twice better on FHD.; This phone would be the best with the same specs but on a 5" FHD display..; QHD and better (HDR) are for VR, which i never use. Plus the battery drain and performance would be twice better on FHD.
when is due date for note 6?; when is due date for note 6?
this is wonderful!; this is wonderful!
can't wait for Note 6 to get back to Note series!; can't wait for Note 6 to get back to Note series!
MIDO, 02 May 2016i don't think that samsung will release note 6 with these specification.....almost like note 5... moreqhd ... it IS qhd so I do not get your point?; qhd ... it IS qhd so I do not get your point?
paresh r limbasiya, 02 May 2016can note 6 maintain the load of 6 gb ram whithout any cooling system ? and real out put of 6... morei mean that such slim phone and bigger battery and; i mean that such slim phone and bigger battery and
can note 6 maintain the load of 6 gb ram whithout any cooling system ?
 and real out put of 6 gb ????????; can note 6 maintain the load of 6 gb ram whithout any cooling system ?; and real out put of 6 gb ????????
MIDO, 02 May 2016i don't think that samsung will release note 6 with these specification.....almost like note 5... moreThis note 6 should been designed to contain 3 or 4 or 5 or even 6 simcards. see the monster specs yet only 1 or 2 simcards.. how?; This note 6 should been designed to contain 3 or 4 or 5 or even 6 simcards. see the monster specs yet only 1 or 2 simcards.. how?
phablets are becoming too traditional. we want a change. make 3, 4, 5 and 6 simcard phones; phablets are becoming too traditional. we want a change. make 3, 4, 5 and 6 simcard phones
i don't think that samsung will release note 6 with these specification.....almost like note 5....... so what will force me to buy it???????!!!!!!!!!!!! ........ should be 6 inch screen....qhd.... radio....infrared....if not i think the sales of samsung for note device will droped; i don't think that samsung will release note 6 with these specification.....almost like note 5....... so what will force me to buy it???????!!!!!!!!!!!! ........ should be 6 inch screen....qhd.... radio....infrared....if not i think the sales of samsung for note device will droped
2 simcard is becoming archaic.now we need 3 and 4 sim phones; 2 simcard is becoming archaic.now we need 3 and 4 sim phones
Top spec of the world. True flagship device.; Top spec of the world. True flagship device.
I bet it will remain 5.7 inches; I bet it will remain 5.7 inches
This is my next Phone. I hope it will come to Europe. I was disappointed about the note 5 not coming to Europe.; This is my next Phone. I hope it will come to Europe. I was disappointed about the note 5 not coming to Europe.
waiting; waiting
Expected release date?; Expected release date?
