I Doubt That You Are Using Custom Rom (Nougat) On It? 
 Unstable Or Beta Version???
 I Never Felt Lag With Official Version (5.0.2)?????; I Doubt That You Are Using Custom Rom (Nougat) On It?; Unstable Or Beta Version???; I Never Felt Lag With Official Version (5.0.2)?????
Usable as a secondary in 2018. Unlock the bootloader and flash a Nougat AOSP ROM. Expect some noticable lag. Storage is more than enough. Primary camera is purple (common hardware defect?), but both cameras are pretty bad.; Usable as a secondary in 2018. Unlock the bootloader and flash a Nougat AOSP ROM. Expect some noticable lag. Storage is more than enough. Primary camera is purple (common hardware defect?), but both cameras are pretty bad.
Usable As 2018, Snappy + Pink Images When Capture With Rear (Doesn't Bothers Me) & Online 3D Games Still Able Run With Slight Smoothness, Only Poor Battery........................ 
 
 Antutu Benchmark (38K)..................; Usable As 2018, Snappy + Pink Images When Capture With Rear (Doesn't Bothers Me) & Online 3D Games Still Able Run With Slight Smoothness, Only Poor Battery........................; Antutu Benchmark (38K)..................
danthelad1000, 27 Nov 2017Whats the battery life like on your htc one m7Battery Life Was Bad Even With Saver Mode.......... (Due To The High PPI Display I Believe); Battery Life Was Bad Even With Saver Mode.......... (Due To The High PPI Display I Believe)
True. But Only Issue Is That It Doesn't Run Well In 3D Games..............; True. But Only Issue Is That It Doesn't Run Well In 3D Games..............
Really great device; Really great device
after two years of use, would not buy another HTC PHONE .. (company recently sold to another phone tech company) navigation is poor, awkward software, very temperamental with Bluetooth devices.; after two years of use, would not buy another HTC PHONE .. (company recently sold to another phone tech company) navigation is poor, awkward software, very temperamental with Bluetooth devices.
over heat; over heat
Macduff, 24 Nov 2017Better than Samsung Galaxy S4!Whats the battery life like on your htc one m7; Whats the battery life like on your htc one m7
Better than Samsung Galaxy S4!; Better than Samsung Galaxy S4!
Darude Sandstorm, 04 Nov 2017ikr. even I use it.Never happened to me; Never happened to me
Shohan, 12 Mar 2016What problem can I face after giving my phone latest update?? What will be all of your suggest... morehi dear
 i can not sync with my htc one to my pc. 
 thanks; hi dear; i can not sync with my htc one to my pc.; thanks
Meow, 17 Oct 2017It maybe a nice phone but got a lot of camera problems like the common pink camera. I don't ca... moreikr. even I use it.; ikr. even I use it.
The best ever android phone ...; The best ever android phone ...
Meow, 17 Oct 2017It maybe a nice phone but got a lot of camera problems like the common pink camera. I don't ca... moreYou are absolutely right, now that I'm typing this with my HTC one and I it worked from the first day it came to the market and I must say I was really proud of it at first,you know because it had a unique design,and in that time all sonys and Samsungs and apples had pretty much similar designs to their old generations,but the problem is as the time passed this phone start to get slow and battery drying as you know began and the camera problem and it take like five mins to reboot or more depens on how many apk you had been installed,now I must say the aluminium body started to get opened and there are some scratches in the back that really are making my phone ugly. I must say the first they you buy and HTC phone you will love it and in the last day you just want to crush it with your hands; You are absolutely right, now that I'm typing this with my HTC one and I it worked from the first day it came to the market and I must say I was really proud of it at first,you know because it had a unique design,and in that time all sonys and Samsungs and apples had pretty much similar designs to their old generations,but the problem is as the time passed this phone start to get slow and battery drying as you know began and the camera problem and it take like five mins to reboot or more depens on how many apk you had been installed,now I must say the aluminium body started to get opened and there are some scratches in the back that really are making my phone ugly. I must say the first they you buy and HTC phone you will love it and in the last day you just want to crush it with your hands
It maybe a nice phone but got a lot of camera problems like the common pink camera. I don't care about that soo much. It lags sooo much and it's battery jumps. The battery switches off in 60% to 80%. That's basically using 40% to 20% only. Moreover, the battery is really bad. Would have been an amazing phone if these problems weren't there.; It maybe a nice phone but got a lot of camera problems like the common pink camera. I don't care about that soo much. It lags sooo much and it's battery jumps. The battery switches off in 60% to 80%. That's basically using 40% to 20% only. Moreover, the battery is really bad. Would have been an amazing phone if these problems weren't there.
Anonymous, 12 Oct 2017try putting a new rom on it, that should give it new life and doze can help with better batter... moreStrange thing happened the last couple days with it. I fell in love with the HTC One all over again! I was going to sell it for $60 on Craigslist. So I had to restore it. What changed was I updated this app called HTC Input and everything is pretty smooth and battery life is a little better too. It's not the smoothest phone that I have and rear camera is still bad. But it seems very tolerable to use for 2017.
 
 Just use older apks like one for YouTube. And just don't put too much stuff on it, period. Phone feels new again. I'm currently using it as my daily driver next to my iPhone SE. I keep my LG G5 and V20 at home to prolong their life a little longer. Amazing how great the M7 still is after four years.
 
 Greatest and most influential smartphone of the decade that Apple ripped off from.
 
 4.7", same height and width 
 Antenna lines 
 BoomSound = iPhone 7/8 dual front speakers 
 Zoe = Live Photos
 BlinkFeed = iOS news widget on far left page
 Pushed for better build quality and low light photography 
 M8 had dual cameras 2-3 years before most 
 
 It is so obvious Apple copied HTC, Motorola, and Palm but pretends it invented them all.; Strange thing happened the last couple days with it. I fell in love with the HTC One all over again! I was going to sell it for $60 on Craigslist. So I had to restore it. What changed was I updated this app called HTC Input and everything is pretty smooth and battery life is a little better too. It's not the smoothest phone that I have and rear camera is still bad. But it seems very tolerable to use for 2017.; Just use older apks like one for YouTube. And just don't put too much stuff on it, period. Phone feels new again. I'm currently using it as my daily driver next to my iPhone SE. I keep my LG G5 and V20 at home to prolong their life a little longer. Amazing how great the M7 still is after four years.; Greatest and most influential smartphone of the decade that Apple ripped off from.; 4.7", same height and width; Antenna lines; BoomSound = iPhone 7/8 dual front speakers; Zoe = Live Photos; BlinkFeed = iOS news widget on far left page; Pushed for better build quality and low light photography; M8 had dual cameras 2-3 years before most; It is so obvious Apple copied HTC, Motorola, and Palm but pretends it invented them all.
Oathbreaker, 21 Sep 2017It's my favorite phone design ever which is why I bought another one second-hand. But being re... moretry putting a new rom on it, that should give it new life and doze can help with better battery life even if its only a little.; try putting a new rom on it, that should give it new life and doze can help with better battery life even if its only a little.
It's my favorite phone design ever which is why I bought another one second-hand. But being released in March 2013 and being the oldest, it has got to be the slowest phone I own. The same problems like purple photos, overheating, and short battery life when I first owned one is still present. Going on Sense 6 and KitKat just makes it even worse with lag and stuttering animations all over the place like if I holding a G1 with Donut.
 
 Design - 9/10
 Performance - 5/10
 
 Better off using iPhone 5s, Nexus 5, G2, and Note 3 released later in the same year. Snapdragon 600 is a dinosaur SoC compared to SD800 and maybe it's the planned obsolescence called software updates.; It's my favorite phone design ever which is why I bought another one second-hand. But being released in March 2013 and being the oldest, it has got to be the slowest phone I own. The same problems like purple photos, overheating, and short battery life when I first owned one is still present. Going on Sense 6 and KitKat just makes it even worse with lag and stuttering animations all over the place like if I holding a G1 with Donut.; Design - 9/10; Performance - 5/10; Better off using iPhone 5s, Nexus 5, G2, and Note 3 released later in the same year. Snapdragon 600 is a dinosaur SoC compared to SD800 and maybe it's the planned obsolescence called software updates.
I own a htc m7, and i faced 3 major problems, first one is the battery "2300" is not really enough, 2nd when using data he get very hot, and finally, it's the brightness, in overall i can say that it's a good phone.; I own a htc m7, and i faced 3 major problems, first one is the battery "2300" is not really enough, 2nd when using data he get very hot, and finally, it's the brightness, in overall i can say that it's a good phone.
i realy love using htc one.but i just lost my htc one phone.can u help?; i realy love using htc one.but i just lost my htc one phone.can u help?
HTC one hot problem???; HTC one hot problem???
Very good performance .. I'm using HTC Dzire 526 G plus since March 2015 .. Best phone ever .. I love it; Very good performance .. I'm using HTC Dzire 526 G plus since March 2015 .. Best phone ever .. I love it
HTC, 07 Aug 2017It had that purple camera tint from factory. It sometimes keeps restarting and never actually ... morephone lasted my dad 3 years before the battery started going down the drain, not bad for a phone to be honest.; phone lasted my dad 3 years before the battery started going down the drain, not bad for a phone to be honest.
It had that purple camera tint from factory. It sometimes keeps restarting and never actually boots up. Did a Factory Reset on it's own, I lost a lot of impotant data becuase of it. Body isn't solid either. Very bad phone. Can't easily copy files to it from a computer...; It had that purple camera tint from factory. It sometimes keeps restarting and never actually boots up. Did a Factory Reset on it's own, I lost a lot of impotant data becuase of it. Body isn't solid either. Very bad phone. Can't easily copy files to it from a computer...
This looks more premium than HTC U11; This looks more premium than HTC U11
Anonymous, 16 Jun 2017what do you mean? is a three years old phone.UltraPixel; UltraPixel
I have the M8 and experiencing issues with 3G n 4g network.....anyone facing these issues; I have the M8 and experiencing issues with 3G n 4g network.....anyone facing these issues
m using a htc one m7 but it hasnt been wor
 
 king wit the 3G......4G; m using a htc one m7 but it hasnt been wor; king wit the 3G......4G
ashembizz, 08 Jul 2017did the custom ROM fix the camera tint issue? I have the same problem Nope, there is no way to fiix the cam with software. It needs to be physicaly replaced. (i Tested 3 different ROMS); Nope, there is no way to fiix the cam with software. It needs to be physicaly replaced. (i Tested 3 different ROMS)
Harry, 03 May 2017Another phone with a terrible camera. In daylight it's quite good, but as soon as the light ... moredid the custom ROM fix the camera tint issue? I have the same problem; did the custom ROM fix the camera tint issue? I have the same problem
Never buy an HTC one the shitest brand ever it lags out my phone.Eveythime I open an app it freezes for up to 2-3 minutes every time and I have to wait for because it unfreezes then it freezes again that's why it's a shit brand!; Never buy an HTC one the shitest brand ever it lags out my phone.Eveythime I open an app it freezes for up to 2-3 minutes every time and I have to wait for because it unfreezes then it freezes again that's why it's a shit brand!
Guys i need help. My phone won't recognize my headphones and i've formatted the phone,wiped the partition cache, cleaned the socket of dust and still nothing. I had to install sound about to force it to work.
 Any help is appreciated!!!; Guys i need help. My phone won't recognize my headphones and i've formatted the phone,wiped the partition cache, cleaned the socket of dust and still nothing. I had to install sound about to force it to work.; Any help is appreciated!!!
Guys i need help. My phone won't recognize my headphones and i've formatted the phone,wiped the partition cache, cleaned the socket of dust and still nothing. I had to install sound about to force it to work.
 Any help is appreciated!!!; Guys i need help. My phone won't recognize my headphones and i've formatted the phone,wiped the partition cache, cleaned the socket of dust and still nothing. I had to install sound about to force it to work.; Any help is appreciated!!!
How can I recover my deleted files on my HTC PN0711??; How can I recover my deleted files on my HTC PN0711??
Grahamo, 30 Mar 2017Everything about the phone is excellent........Except for the camera. My phone has the now fam... moreThank you for your comment Grahamo. I too have an issue with the purple tint in my camera. I also believe it is a manufacturing issue and not a warranty issue, more a consumer right issue which HTC refuses to help us with. It's a shame. Great phone except for the camera. Thanks again for your comment. It confirms that I am not the only one with that problem.; Thank you for your comment Grahamo. I too have an issue with the purple tint in my camera. I also believe it is a manufacturing issue and not a warranty issue, more a consumer right issue which HTC refuses to help us with. It's a shame. Great phone except for the camera. Thanks again for your comment. It confirms that I am not the only one with that problem.
Anonymous, 29 May 2017stay away. at first was a good phone. now the battery doesnt last 2 hours. the phone gets so h... morewhat do you mean? is a three years old phone.; what do you mean? is a three years old phone.
Had this phone for about 3 years now, mostly using it as a .flac music player and staying away from invasive apps and all that crap. It's starting to show signs of age (bit slow at times), and I reckon it'd be quite slow if I was leaving tons of apps open all the time. But screen still impeccable, aluminium still looking awesome and feeling great (leather protective casing). I will miss it if I can't find an equivalent when I'll have to change, but for now, I'm totally satisfied.; Had this phone for about 3 years now, mostly using it as a .flac music player and staying away from invasive apps and all that crap. It's starting to show signs of age (bit slow at times), and I reckon it'd be quite slow if I was leaving tons of apps open all the time. But screen still impeccable, aluminium still looking awesome and feeling great (leather protective casing). I will miss it if I can't find an equivalent when I'll have to change, but for now, I'm totally satisfied.
lilpeanut, 28 Jan 2017did u here yourself? htc e9 is old school Very nice set HTC his camera and speed awesome; Very nice set HTC his camera and speed awesome
stay away. at first was a good phone. now the battery doesnt last 2 hours. the phone gets so hot it will burn your hand. the only uh oh you get is the uh oh you shouldnt have believed they would stand behhind thier word; stay away. at first was a good phone. now the battery doesnt last 2 hours. the phone gets so hot it will burn your hand. the only uh oh you get is the uh oh you shouldnt have believed they would stand behhind thier word
This was an amazing phone till it went into bootloader mode.Than I found out how shit this phone really was.cant find the flash Roms online.Very difficult to fix.Never buying HTC again.; This was an amazing phone till it went into bootloader mode.Than I found out how shit this phone really was.cant find the flash Roms online.Very difficult to fix.Never buying HTC again.
Phone looks good but if there is an issue with starting the phone, just dump it. There is no way to open the outer cover and look at the battery. Can't reset.; Phone looks good but if there is an issue with starting the phone, just dump it. There is no way to open the outer cover and look at the battery. Can't reset.
The HTC One is a great phone to use. The camera has purple tint issue, but other than that, it is great!; The HTC One is a great phone to use. The camera has purple tint issue, but other than that, it is great!
Anonymous, 23 Mar 2017Incredible phone, using it from 4 years now. Best phone ever (except camera issues). Thinking ... moreIs every htc one m7 have camera issue or only starting kits have this issue?; Is every htc one m7 have camera issue or only starting kits have this issue?
Another phone with a terrible camera. 
 In daylight it's quite good, but as soon as the light drops, the sensor gives up and produces a very noisy, green and purple mess, as though the sensor signal has corrupted. Absolutely unusable images are the result. If you do get the phone for use as a phone, ditch the HTC software and get the Google play edition, or Cyanogen, or my favourite, resurrection remix.; Another phone with a terrible camera.; In daylight it's quite good, but as soon as the light drops, the sensor gives up and produces a very noisy, green and purple mess, as though the sensor signal has corrupted. Absolutely unusable images are the result. If you do get the phone for use as a phone, ditch the HTC software and get the Google play edition, or Cyanogen, or my favourite, resurrection remix.
Best phone what I ever have.
 I just succesfully replased the battery and now that is like a new phone.; Best phone what I ever have.; I just succesfully replased the battery and now that is like a new phone.
Best phone I have ever bought. Still running without ANY issue. No crashes, no freezing and camera still doing great pictures without too much hassle. Only thing that started to wear out is the battery, which is to be expected. Still, holding charge for 2-3 days if not used much, or for half day to one day if used a bit more (excluding games which would make the battery go out fast in couple hours, luckily I don't play games at all). Great phone!; Best phone I have ever bought. Still running without ANY issue. No crashes, no freezing and camera still doing great pictures without too much hassle. Only thing that started to wear out is the battery, which is to be expected. Still, holding charge for 2-3 days if not used much, or for half day to one day if used a bit more (excluding games which would make the battery go out fast in couple hours, luckily I don't play games at all). Great phone!
Been using Android since 2011. My first Android was the Nexus One. But it is this 2013 One that helped me fall in love with Android. That's why I bought it a second time around. Just love the design. 
 
 Would NOT really use it much though. Too laggy and battery life is pretty awful. Just a memento phone. It still looks great next to my silver S7 edge and doesn't show smudges and dirt like the S7e does on the back.
 
 My first love with Android started with the HTC One. The One To Rule Them All...; Been using Android since 2011. My first Android was the Nexus One. But it is this 2013 One that helped me fall in love with Android. That's why I bought it a second time around. Just love the design.; Would NOT really use it much though. Too laggy and battery life is pretty awful. Just a memento phone. It still looks great next to my silver S7 edge and doesn't show smudges and dirt like the S7e does on the back.; My first love with Android started with the HTC One. The One To Rule Them All...
Best phone i have ever bought,&#128076;After 4 years of use the only problem i've got with this phone is the camera.; Best phone i have ever bought,&#128076;After 4 years of use the only problem i've got with this phone is the camera.
Apple and HTC are the best in mobile world; Apple and HTC are the best in mobile world
Everything about the phone is excellent........Except for the camera. My phone has the now famous purple tint issue which HTC seem to be denying ever existed. My phone is out of warranty. HTC refuse to repair the phone outside of warranty. My opinion is that its a manufacturing defect which has affected the phone from new. Therefore the camera was never fit for purpose.This isn't a warranty issue, its a consumer rights issue. The shabby customer service over the camera issue has put me right off HTC....Never again....!; Everything about the phone is excellent........Except for the camera. My phone has the now famous purple tint issue which HTC seem to be denying ever existed. My phone is out of warranty. HTC refuse to repair the phone outside of warranty. My opinion is that its a manufacturing defect which has affected the phone from new. Therefore the camera was never fit for purpose.This isn't a warranty issue, its a consumer rights issue. The shabby customer service over the camera issue has put me right off HTC....Never again....!
How to refresh library ?; How to refresh library ?
Anonymous, 23 Mar 2017Incredible phone, using it from 4 years now. Best phone ever (except camera issues). Thinking ... moreI wouldn't go far to say best phone ever. More like best design ever although some dislike the many wasted bezels around the screen. I got my 2nd One last night which was exactly 4 years after it got released. 
 
 Using it now for some DoorDash and GPS voice navigation. The sound is surprisingly soft with the navigation and it lags badly when using CM Browser app. My M7 and S7e are two of the prettiest phones ever but also the laggiest that I currently own. Looks fade. Performance matters. 
 
 Missing my Pixel and G5 right now. Pixel is just fluid UI. G5 is better to type on because slightly bigger display where you won't accidentally touch the home button below the keyboard space bar as often like on the Pixel. 
 
 Will use the Pixel/G5 tomorrow as they are a better duo with the best fluid experience. The prettiest duo of the glacial silver M7 and platinum S7e stutters too much. The lag just ruins the experience for me. Pretty paperweights.; I wouldn't go far to say best phone ever. More like best design ever although some dislike the many wasted bezels around the screen. I got my 2nd One last night which was exactly 4 years after it got released.; Using it now for some DoorDash and GPS voice navigation. The sound is surprisingly soft with the navigation and it lags badly when using CM Browser app. My M7 and S7e are two of the prettiest phones ever but also the laggiest that I currently own. Looks fade. Performance matters.; Missing my Pixel and G5 right now. Pixel is just fluid UI. G5 is better to type on because slightly bigger display where you won't accidentally touch the home button below the keyboard space bar as often like on the Pixel.; Will use the Pixel/G5 tomorrow as they are a better duo with the best fluid experience. The prettiest duo of the glacial silver M7 and platinum S7e stutters too much. The lag just ruins the experience for me. Pretty paperweights.
Anonymous, 25 Feb 2017I know somebody who had this phone. It is very stable, he used it 3 years without a case and d... moreIncredible phone, using it from 4 years now. Best phone ever (except camera issues). Thinking on changing it know but it works perfectly.; Incredible phone, using it from 4 years now. Best phone ever (except camera issues). Thinking on changing it know but it works perfectly.
I actually got a second model of this phone last night for $60 used. It is in very good condition with maybe some tiny nicks on the bezels from the plastic case it came with. I sold my M7 two years ago and just missed the design and audio.
 
 Honestly, this M7 is just a memento. It is my 9th phone currently and my 3rd phone I got within 4 days. I didn't remember it being kinda laggy. TV remote app won't work. HTC browser app crashes.The touch response was smooth when I got it in 2013 but doesn't feel as smooth as my current daily drivers from 2016. Still has the purple photos. Still charges very slow with more time charging and less SOT.
 
 So stuff I hated about it is still there. But I missed it for its design and audio. I remember back in 2013, it took me a long time to adjust to its size. Maybe a year since coming from iPhone 4 and Nexus One. I hold it last night and it feels so easy to hold. I prefer the M7's size and design but would rather have the performance of the M8.
 
 M7 still a great phone by HTC achieving many accolades for them. Overrated by reviewers like the S7 edge was last year but probably HTC's best design ever. I do prefer its design over the M8, M9, Xperia Z3, and Galaxy S6/S7 edges. Close to smartphone design perfection for me using metal. This second one is on 4.4.3 with TMo with no carrier logo on the rear while my first one was stuck on 4.1.2 and AT&T. 
 
 But would I use it as a daily driver now? Oh, hell no! Goes back using the often maligned and UGLY G5 and Pixel for smooth performance, longer battery life, fast charging, great cameras, and rarely gets warm. I would only use this M7 as a third wheel since my Sprint G5 which is unlocked for both international and domestic can't get data with TMo like my TMo S7e and Verizon Pixel.
 
 A third or fourth wheel phone with good audio capabilities and nothing more.; I actually got a second model of this phone last night for $60 used. It is in very good condition with maybe some tiny nicks on the bezels from the plastic case it came with. I sold my M7 two years ago and just missed the design and audio.; Honestly, this M7 is just a memento. It is my 9th phone currently and my 3rd phone I got within 4 days. I didn't remember it being kinda laggy. TV remote app won't work. HTC browser app crashes.The touch response was smooth when I got it in 2013 but doesn't feel as smooth as my current daily drivers from 2016. Still has the purple photos. Still charges very slow with more time charging and less SOT.; So stuff I hated about it is still there. But I missed it for its design and audio. I remember back in 2013, it took me a long time to adjust to its size. Maybe a year since coming from iPhone 4 and Nexus One. I hold it last night and it feels so easy to hold. I prefer the M7's size and design but would rather have the performance of the M8.; M7 still a great phone by HTC achieving many accolades for them. Overrated by reviewers like the S7 edge was last year but probably HTC's best design ever. I do prefer its design over the M8, M9, Xperia Z3, and Galaxy S6/S7 edges. Close to smartphone design perfection for me using metal. This second one is on 4.4.3 with TMo with no carrier logo on the rear while my first one was stuck on 4.1.2 and AT&T.; But would I use it as a daily driver now? Oh, hell no! Goes back using the often maligned and UGLY G5 and Pixel for smooth performance, longer battery life, fast charging, great cameras, and rarely gets warm. I would only use this M7 as a third wheel since my Sprint G5 which is unlocked for both international and domestic can't get data with TMo like my TMo S7e and Verizon Pixel.; A third or fourth wheel phone with good audio capabilities and nothing more.
In my honest opinion, this was the most ground breaking phone ever made and I feel so sorry that it can not keep up anymore in every day use because I loved it while I owned it. Apart from the buggy camera on some models, everything else this phone had to offer was absolutely amazing.
 However, this phone is still good enough for people that use it as a regular phone and some browsing. Games and more demanding media on the other side cannot be pulled off anymore.; In my honest opinion, this was the most ground breaking phone ever made and I feel so sorry that it can not keep up anymore in every day use because I loved it while I owned it. Apart from the buggy camera on some models, everything else this phone had to offer was absolutely amazing.; However, this phone is still good enough for people that use it as a regular phone and some browsing. Games and more demanding media on the other side cannot be pulled off anymore.
Im using this phone for 3 years but unfortunetly it has an error about system update in every day.Now it offed and doesnt work yet. I should take a new phone; Im using this phone for 3 years but unfortunetly it has an error about system update in every day.Now it offed and doesnt work yet. I should take a new phone
Is it m7 htc one named?; Is it m7 htc one named?
I know somebody who had this phone. It is very stable, he used it 3 years without a case and dropped it constantly. Once, it flew against a door and it was so loud that we thought it is dead now, but the phone was golden. Just my experiences with the M7. I once held it in my hand, it is very handy, probably better than bigger HTC 10.; I know somebody who had this phone. It is very stable, he used it 3 years without a case and dropped it constantly. Once, it flew against a door and it was so loud that we thought it is dead now, but the phone was golden. Just my experiences with the M7. I once held it in my hand, it is very handy, probably better than bigger HTC 10.
I have set a security password on phone by setting&gt;security , but when I try to unlock the phone by using same password , phone doesn\'t show any ok button after entering complete password, what should I do please help.; I have set a security password on phone by setting&gt;security , but when I try to unlock the phone by using same password , phone doesn\'t show any ok button after entering complete password, what should I do please help.
Htc service is very bad .no don't purchase this phone .
 In htc phone mistake installation htc software.; Htc service is very bad .no don't purchase this phone .; In htc phone mistake installation htc software.
Balpreet, 20 Jan 2017Very poor service quality and very poor phone quality too. I suggest everyone not to buy htc ... moredid u here yourself? htc e9 is old school; did u here yourself? htc e9 is old school
4.5 Stars; 4.5 Stars
Ok pretty ok specs the front camera sucks for a smartphone that came out later than 2009; Ok pretty ok specs the front camera sucks for a smartphone that came out later than 2009
mike, 13 Dec 2016 i want to pay this phone from a friend, though it is still very neat but am afraid after read... moreDon't read comments when you want to go for these things. It's a lesson I've learnt. I have been using the fone as a second user for over seven months. Fantastic phone, 2GB RAM, ...unrivalled stereo audio, sturdy!; Don't read comments when you want to go for these things. It's a lesson I've learnt. I have been using the fone as a second user for over seven months. Fantastic phone, 2GB RAM, ...unrivalled stereo audio, sturdy!
i was using this fon for some time but it just went off not knowing what is wrong with it, i taught it was just a minor problem i went home to put it on charge but nothing shows it is charging, as at now my documents and stuffs on this fon is no where to be found, in fact i am very disappointed.; i was using this fon for some time but it just went off not knowing what is wrong with it, i taught it was just a minor problem i went home to put it on charge but nothing shows it is charging, as at now my documents and stuffs on this fon is no where to be found, in fact i am very disappointed.
Very poor service quality and very poor phone quality too.
 I suggest everyone not to buy htc handset guys.
 Very poor service quality.
 I am using htc e9+ and its not a value for money.
 Battery drains very fast.
 Charging takes much time.
 It hangs alot.
 Overheats easily.
 And big thing is very very poor repair quality.; Very poor service quality and very poor phone quality too.; I suggest everyone not to buy htc handset guys.; Very poor service quality.; I am using htc e9+ and its not a value for money.; Battery drains very fast.; Charging takes much time.; It hangs alot.; Overheats easily.; And big thing is very very poor repair quality.
i have a problem on primary camera, it cant focus on distance object; i have a problem on primary camera, it cant focus on distance object
I like everything in this phone except for the battery...it drains so fast and overheats easily.; I like everything in this phone except for the battery...it drains so fast and overheats easily.
Shakeel, 15 Jan 2017I have 1 prob that is system updates sense not instaed. Any one tel me how i fix it. Plz help me I have the same problem too!; I have the same problem too!
very bad i brought the phone on the 5th of jan 2017 and started giving problems from the next day itself.everytime it restarts; very bad i brought the phone on the 5th of jan 2017 and started giving problems from the next day itself.everytime it restarts
Anonymous, 09 Jan 2017Actully i am using this phone since jan 2014... This the best phone... Think about changing it... moreCan you tell me about battery life and about pink issue..; Can you tell me about battery life and about pink issue..
I have 1 prob that is system updates sense not instaed. Any one tel me how i fix it. Plz help me; I have 1 prob that is system updates sense not instaed. Any one tel me how i fix it. Plz help me
very bad camera..purple screen to be specific.; very bad camera..purple screen to be specific.
dharock, 13 Oct 2016What could be the cause of my battery getting drained. even when I switched off the phone. ple... moreIn htc one m7 i found a problem that battery is not good 
 Upto spc its 2300mAh and i got only 1350mAh its overheating and battery fastly draing 
 To check the battery mAh install du battey saver and check the battery details and shurely it will help you to find and fix the battery problem and thank u; In htc one m7 i found a problem that battery is not good; Upto spc its 2300mAh and i got only 1350mAh its overheating and battery fastly draing; To check the battery mAh install du battey saver and check the battery details and shurely it will help you to find and fix the battery problem and thank u
Only the camera is good? Actually that's probably the worst thing about this phone. It's got great screen, amazing sound/call quality, it's fast, sturdy design, average battery and bad camera.; Only the camera is good? Actually that's probably the worst thing about this phone. It's got great screen, amazing sound/call quality, it's fast, sturdy design, average battery and bad camera.
Actully i am using this phone since jan 2014... This the best phone... Think about changing it cause of battery life but still not sure if i will find the same durablity like that again... Sure i will pick Htc.. But still Htc 10 is so expensive; Actully i am using this phone since jan 2014... This the best phone... Think about changing it cause of battery life but still not sure if i will find the same durablity like that again... Sure i will pick Htc.. But still Htc 10 is so expensive
Anonymous, 09 Dec 2016My htc one is not supporting jio sim wht can i do The lte settings on this phone is different; The lte settings on this phone is different
mike, 13 Dec 2016 i want to pay this phone from a friend, though it is still very neat but am afraid after read... morePlease don't buy it only the camera is good nothing else is !; Please don't buy it only the camera is good nothing else is !
I Bought same brand from awok.com but some ppl are saying its china phone. Kindly help how to make out the original phone ?; I Bought same brand from awok.com but some ppl are saying its china phone. Kindly help how to make out the original phone ?
Anonymous, 19 Nov 2016The worst phone I've ever had. Seriously, iPhones may drain quickly, but at least their chargi... moreI also think this phone is a waste of money and very disappointed in it. It turns off constantly by itself, the camera stopped working, exchanged the first one under warranty for same problem and this one is the same. Thought spending a bit more would be wise as was always told you get what you pay for. Well this is a crock of bull. Would never recommend this phone to anyone. Going back to my samsung anything, never had a problem with any samsung ever. Rant over just glad I was not the only one very displeased with HTC; I also think this phone is a waste of money and very disappointed in it. It turns off constantly by itself, the camera stopped working, exchanged the first one under warranty for same problem and this one is the same. Thought spending a bit more would be wise as was always told you get what you pay for. Well this is a crock of bull. Would never recommend this phone to anyone. Going back to my samsung anything, never had a problem with any samsung ever. Rant over just glad I was not the only one very displeased with HTC
I've had the One M7 for 3 years and I still like it. Reliable, good quality, and reasonable battery life. Only con is it can only run up to Android 5.1 but that's not a problem for most people.
 
 I have done a lot of searching for a replacement for this phone but have yet to find a competitor when it comes to price and features.; I've had the One M7 for 3 years and I still like it. Reliable, good quality, and reasonable battery life. Only con is it can only run up to Android 5.1 but that's not a problem for most people.; I have done a lot of searching for a replacement for this phone but have yet to find a competitor when it comes to price and features.
I have bought this phone 3 years ago and so far it has endured all sorts of torture. I have lost its own adapter years ago and charge it with any adapter I can find; and still the battery is in top shape! Furthermore, it has twice dropped screen-down (once from a 1.5 meter height on concrete and once from a 3 meter height in marble slab) and apart from very minor dents in its body - no damage was done whatsoever. I backup/restore and reset to factory settings every 8 months or so - making my stock Lollipop running perfectly. The only downside is the main camera and its pink tint.
 I can honestly say that in overall this phone is an endurance flagship to rival NOKIA.; I have bought this phone 3 years ago and so far it has endured all sorts of torture. I have lost its own adapter years ago and charge it with any adapter I can find; and still the battery is in top shape! Furthermore, it has twice dropped screen-down (once from a 1.5 meter height on concrete and once from a 3 meter height in marble slab) and apart from very minor dents in its body - no damage was done whatsoever. I backup/restore and reset to factory settings every 8 months or so - making my stock Lollipop running perfectly. The only downside is the main camera and its pink tint.; I can honestly say that in overall this phone is an endurance flagship to rival NOKIA.
mike, 13 Dec 2016 i want to pay this phone from a friend, though it is still very neat but am afraid after read... moreI bought this phone in used condition two months ago and I'm very satisfied. I think nowadays is a good mid-range smartphone. One of the best!; I bought this phone in used condition two months ago and I'm very satisfied. I think nowadays is a good mid-range smartphone. One of the best!
i want to pay this phone from a friend, though it is still very neat but am afraid after reading all this comment...so please what is the overall rating .isn't a good phone or bad one...should i buy or not, please i need your advice please; i want to pay this phone from a friend, though it is still very neat but am afraid after reading all this comment...so please what is the overall rating .isn't a good phone or bad one...should i buy or not, please i need your advice please
Awaye67, 03 Dec 2016My HTC One battery drains quickly!Pls. How can I resolve this issue. I love this phone a lot a... moreTry an app called 2x Battery; Try an app called 2x Battery
My htc one is not supporting jio sim wht can i do; My htc one is not supporting jio sim wht can i do
Awaye67, 03 Dec 2016My HTC One battery drains quickly!Pls. How can I resolve this issue. I love this phone a lot a... moreTurn on battery saver.
 
 Mine runs a little warm, but it was given to me used. I can't complain...
 
 HTH; Turn on battery saver.; Mine runs a little warm, but it was given to me used. I can't complain...; HTH
My HTC One battery drains quickly!Pls. How can I resolve this issue. I love this phone a lot and moreover I just got it about 3 weeks ago. Kindly give a clue on how I can fix it. Be sincere with me please.thanks.; My HTC One battery drains quickly!Pls. How can I resolve this issue. I love this phone a lot and moreover I just got it about 3 weeks ago. Kindly give a clue on how I can fix it. Be sincere with me please.thanks.
Anonymous, 23 Nov 2016is A 4g Phone please say yes or no Yes; Yes
mt htc one m7 is not support jio sim what I do; mt htc one m7 is not support jio sim what I do
sim slot is not working , during opening and again fixed then its not detecting . only 2nd sim slot m using due to which facing problem since only GSM is working
 
 What to do i don't know and here no service center available.; sim slot is not working , during opening and again fixed then its not detecting . only 2nd sim slot m using due to which facing problem since only GSM is working; What to do i don't know and here no service center available.
Could be replaced the bettery of HTC one m7; Could be replaced the bettery of HTC one m7
Hi
 My phone not accepting Jio sim what to do; Hi; My phone not accepting Jio sim what to do
No; No
Anonymous, 23 Nov 2016is A 4g Phone please say yes or no Yes 4g; Yes 4g
yes.. 4g.; yes.. 4g.
is A 4g Phone please say yes or no; is A 4g Phone please say yes or no
Anonymous, 19 Nov 2016The worst phone I've ever had. Seriously, iPhones may drain quickly, but at least their chargi... moreU can fix this problem by changing you power adapter.; U can fix this problem by changing you power adapter.
The worst phone I've ever had. Seriously, iPhones may drain quickly, but at least their charging is reliable. It's like HTC uses first-graders when building their phones. Constantly drains WHILE PLUGGED IN, and even sometimes WHILE PLUGGED IN AND TURNED OFF. Never buy this phone. It's so worthless, I plan to dismantle it and melt down the back for the spare aluminum. It'll be worth more that way.; The worst phone I've ever had. Seriously, iPhones may drain quickly, but at least their charging is reliable. It's like HTC uses first-graders when building their phones. Constantly drains WHILE PLUGGED IN, and even sometimes WHILE PLUGGED IN AND TURNED OFF. Never buy this phone. It's so worthless, I plan to dismantle it and melt down the back for the spare aluminum. It'll be worth more that way.
Meena, 17 Nov 2016Battery life is very bad. After one year of use, Camera stopped working and i had to spend a ... more I have same problems in my phone.How i recover it.; I have same problems in my phone.How i recover it.
Battery life is very bad.
 After one year of use, Camera stopped working and i had to spend a lot to get it repaired.
 Power button is awkward position.; Battery life is very bad.; After one year of use, Camera stopped working and i had to spend a lot to get it repaired.; Power button is awkward position.
Anonymous, 20 Oct 2016one my phone button a little super glue fell.. and the button is pressed in . its stuck. what ... moreOpen ur phone's body carefully.. powerbutton could be ditac.. no problem i have opened my htc one several times n fixed many problems too...; Open ur phone's body carefully.. powerbutton could be ditac.. no problem i have opened my htc one several times n fixed many problems too...
how to remove " unfortunatelly, google play services has stopped" the message appering in my htc screen; how to remove " unfortunatelly, google play services has stopped" the message appering in my htc screen
HTC 10, 30 Oct 2016Even though i have HTC 10 i still have my Old HTC one m7 i am impressed both of them. Great Fr... moreWhich colour did you choose for the Htc 10?; Which colour did you choose for the Htc 10?
Why HTC one so hot? I don't know what to do.; Why HTC one so hot? I don't know what to do.
AN, 06 Oct 2016does this single sim version support 4g i want to use reliance jio 4g, anybody using it?I am using jio in it...bro...; I am using jio in it...bro...
This HTC M7 is super awesome but Battery backup is not upti expected; This HTC M7 is super awesome but Battery backup is not upti expected
Even though i have HTC 10 i still have my Old HTC one m7 i am impressed both of them. Great From HTC Great; Even though i have HTC 10 i still have my Old HTC one m7 i am impressed both of them. Great From HTC Great
i have mobile but not support jio sim,what to do; i have mobile but not support jio sim,what to do
Dav, 10 Oct 2016I've been using this phone for 3 years, but never had any problems. It gets a bit slow when yo... moreI agree with you Dav. I have this phone for over 2 years and until now the HTC M10 looks to be winner over him. I do format my phone at every 6 months to keep him better. The only thing that i hate is the battery and nothing else. It's a great phone even after 3 years!!!; I agree with you Dav. I have this phone for over 2 years and until now the HTC M10 looks to be winner over him. I do format my phone at every 6 months to keep him better. The only thing that i hate is the battery and nothing else. It's a great phone even after 3 years!!!
dharock, 13 Oct 2016What could be the cause of my battery getting drained. even when I switched off the phone. ple... moreWipe the cache partition in recovery mode; Wipe the cache partition in recovery mode
best one; best one
one my phone button a little super glue fell.. and the button is pressed in . its stuck. what can i do to remove it .. htc one m7; one my phone button a little super glue fell.. and the button is pressed in . its stuck. what can i do to remove it .. htc one m7
please i can not access facebook on my phone and i want know the reason, cos other social media is working.thanks; please i can not access facebook on my phone and i want know the reason, cos other social media is working.thanks
dharock, 13 Oct 2016What could be the cause of my battery getting drained. even when I switched off the phone. ple... moreminimize the brightness of the phone; minimize the brightness of the phone
What could be the cause of my battery getting drained. even when I switched off the phone. please help me out; What could be the cause of my battery getting drained. even when I switched off the phone. please help me out
Dav, 10 Oct 2016I've been using this phone for 3 years, but never had any problems. It gets a bit slow when yo... moreThis is the miraculous piece of completeness that will never be repeated again (metal body, dual ACTIVE sim, OIS ultra pixel camera, ultra-durable, boom front speakers, Beats audio...). Miracle by the mean of the word.; This is the miraculous piece of completeness that will never be repeated again (metal body, dual ACTIVE sim, OIS ultra pixel camera, ultra-durable, boom front speakers, Beats audio...). Miracle by the mean of the word.
I've been using this phone for 3 years, but never had any problems. It gets a bit slow when you download shitt on it but when you set the phone to factory settings it'll be as good as new. I do this every 6 months, so it stays fast. The only phone that beats the m7 is the HTC 10. I've had 3 models of HTC and I love them all. HTC for life.; I've been using this phone for 3 years, but never had any problems. It gets a bit slow when you download shitt on it but when you set the phone to factory settings it'll be as good as new. I do this every 6 months, so it stays fast. The only phone that beats the m7 is the HTC 10. I've had 3 models of HTC and I love them all. HTC for life.
Me, 10 Oct 2016Last official version for M7 is Android 5.0.2. You will not get any OTA updates on top of tha... moreOr you can flash to HTC One Google Play Edition , not sure though till what version it gets the updates from Google, maybe max 5.2 or some early 6.0 ? Plus you loose the radio and some other minor features.; Or you can flash to HTC One Google Play Edition , not sure though till what version it gets the updates from Google, maybe max 5.2 or some early 6.0 ? Plus you loose the radio and some other minor features.
faizee, 09 Oct 2016Guys My m7 is not upgrading the latest software plzzz.. tell me the way.. I buy week ago. rest... moreLast official version for M7 is Android 5.0.2. You will not get any OTA updates on top of that for M7. If you want 6.0.x Marshmallow or 7.0.x Nougat you need to get Cyanogen or other custom rom.; Last official version for M7 is Android 5.0.2. You will not get any OTA updates on top of that for M7. If you want 6.0.x Marshmallow or 7.0.x Nougat you need to get Cyanogen or other custom rom.
Guys My m7 is not upgrading the latest software plzzz.. tell me the way.. I buy week ago. rest of the features and fone is good only i have a one issue that is not upgrading; Guys My m7 is not upgrading the latest software plzzz.. tell me the way.. I buy week ago. rest of the features and fone is good only i have a one issue that is not upgrading
does this single sim version support 4g
 i want to use reliance jio 4g, anybody using it?; does this single sim version support 4g; i want to use reliance jio 4g, anybody using it?
still good phone; still good phone
Had mine from the initial release until today...Absolutely solid phone and strong battery, but had a plaguing camera issue (purple tint) that truly disappointed. The power button is in a brutal spot. I attempted to fix it but now the screen is not working properly. Too bad these aren't serviceable for the average guy.; Had mine from the initial release until today...Absolutely solid phone and strong battery, but had a plaguing camera issue (purple tint) that truly disappointed. The power button is in a brutal spot. I attempted to fix it but now the screen is not working properly. Too bad these aren't serviceable for the average guy.
Mohit, 21 Sep 2016Why u buyied that phone are u not having money. Buy the htc 10 its awesomeEnglish only please; English only please
shai, 20 Sep 2016Worse service with HTC customer service team!. Poor product, HTC Desire 626. I bought it abou... moreWhy u buyied that phone are u not having money. Buy the htc 10 its awesome; Why u buyied that phone are u not having money. Buy the htc 10 its awesome
Worse service with HTC customer service team!. Poor product, HTC Desire 626. I bought it about a month ago and grues what, it heated up any time I put it on charge and vibrate constantly and at the moment it doesn't work at all. Am very disappointed for buying from HTC!!. Absolutey poor product. DO NOT BUT IT!!!.; Worse service with HTC customer service team!. Poor product, HTC Desire 626. I bought it about a month ago and grues what, it heated up any time I put it on charge and vibrate constantly and at the moment it doesn't work at all. Am very disappointed for buying from HTC!!. Absolutey poor product. DO NOT BUT IT!!!.
Anonymous, 18 Sep 2016Bought this phone for our son and decided against insurance on the day. The next day on his bi... moreI have dropped it million times on the floor without any protection, not even a single scratch ! You must have bought "made in china" version :D; I have dropped it million times on the floor without any protection, not even a single scratch ! You must have bought "made in china" version :D
Bought this phone for our son and decided against insurance on the day. The next day on his birthday the phone fell a short distance onto gravel and the screen shattered into a million pieces. We took it for repair and it will cost 150.00 to replace the screen. A pretty expensive accident! So, if this is your choice, be extremely careful. The phone is very thin and a slight knock will destroy the screen and the cost of repair is pretty steep. A total of 370.00 and he hadn't even begun to enjoy it.; Bought this phone for our son and decided against insurance on the day. The next day on his birthday the phone fell a short distance onto gravel and the screen shattered into a million pieces. We took it for repair and it will cost 150.00 to replace the screen. A pretty expensive accident! So, if this is your choice, be extremely careful. The phone is very thin and a slight knock will destroy the screen and the cost of repair is pretty steep. A total of 370.00 and he hadn't even begun to enjoy it.
rpatel, 15 Sep 2016How to set it on 4g ? Brother....let me know plz because my phone shows only gsm/cdma/UMTS mod... moreFirst of all, make sure you have a SIM card that supports 4G network and your mobile subscription has 4g.
 After this, go to settings, networks, network mode and from there you can set your type of connection (2g, 3g, hsdpa, 4G/LTE).
 If you done this, and you phone still does not have 4G, go to your opperator.
 Good luck; First of all, make sure you have a SIM card that supports 4G network and your mobile subscription has 4g.; After this, go to settings, networks, network mode and from there you can set your type of connection (2g, 3g, hsdpa, 4G/LTE).; If you done this, and you phone still does not have 4G, go to your opperator.; Good luck
What is the maximum life span of htc one can it be repaired; What is the maximum life span of htc one can it be repaired
boss, 09 Sep 2016no this is now working 4gHow to set it on 4g ? Brother....let me know plz because my phone shows only gsm/cdma/UMTS mode only...plz explain me this setting if u know ....thanks; How to set it on 4g ? Brother....let me know plz because my phone shows only gsm/cdma/UMTS mode only...plz explain me this setting if u know ....thanks
Chris, 07 Sep 2016it's only in 3Gno this is now working 4g; no this is now working 4g
htc user, 05 Aug 2016It's still one of the best phones made by htc, what i like in this company is the quality of m... moreIts a totally bad phone.my phone has a bulk problems.Three time i send my phone to the service station even the service stations are not able to resolve the problem.They also refused to change the phone.Totally bad dont take; Its a totally bad phone.my phone has a bulk problems.Three time i send my phone to the service station even the service stations are not able to resolve the problem.They also refused to change the phone.Totally bad dont take
Why is it that HTC phones have low battery strength heat at a point in time and also is 3G 
 Please HTC I love your products but right now HTC is falling in the market please do something for me; Why is it that HTC phones have low battery strength heat at a point in time and also is 3G; Please HTC I love your products but right now HTC is falling in the market please do something for me
Ashique, 25 Aug 2016Htc one m7 How to set 4G settings htc one m7it's only in 3G; it's only in 3G
This phone is amazing, I love it just like every other HTC product. Its easy to handle and doesn't fill up the hand. 
 The battery life is a bit weak, and the picture quality isn't all too super. But any day anytime, HTC rules...&#9786;&#9786;; This phone is amazing, I love it just like every other HTC product. Its easy to handle and doesn't fill up the hand.; The battery life is a bit weak, and the picture quality isn't all too super. But any day anytime, HTC rules...&#9786;&#9786;
Poor HTC service
 First time experience of using HTC phone is not gone well at all.
 
 1 Mic issue within 1 month of usage
 2 Shortage of staff at HTC service center to manage customers. Long waiting queue
 3 Staff non courteous and give a feeling by attending us they do a favor 
 4 Its now a week and phone is still not repaired. I had to buy a new phone as a replacement
 
 How can you expect customer to buy a HTC phone next time?; Poor HTC service; First time experience of using HTC phone is not gone well at all.; 1 Mic issue within 1 month of usage; 2 Shortage of staff at HTC service center to manage customers. Long waiting queue; 3 Staff non courteous and give a feeling by attending us they do a favor; 4 Its now a week and phone is still not repaired. I had to buy a new phone as a replacement; How can you expect customer to buy a HTC phone next time?
I have HTC One M9plus. It become too hot while playing game and using internet in compare to other brand.. so I feel only price of HTC mobile is too high other performance is very low(very poor). So big Tumbs down from my side..; I have HTC One M9plus. It become too hot while playing game and using internet in compare to other brand.. so I feel only price of HTC mobile is too high other performance is very low(very poor). So big Tumbs down from my side..
real pocket fit phone,quality built, good performance. stunning display; real pocket fit phone,quality built, good performance. stunning display
My internet network is not stable,how can I fix it; My internet network is not stable,how can I fix it
Htc one m7
 How to set 4G settings htc one m7; Htc one m7; How to set 4G settings htc one m7
Htc one m7
 Clever, very clever ...iam bring a fresh htc one m7 ..but no MIC and no support 4G; Htc one m7; Clever, very clever ...iam bring a fresh htc one m7 ..but no MIC and no support 4G
Very bad and poor service by HTC it almost 3monrhs not received my device I think this HTC hired uneducated people coz not even reply mail; Very bad and poor service by HTC it almost 3monrhs not received my device I think this HTC hired uneducated people coz not even reply mail
htc user, 05 Aug 2016It's still one of the best phones made by htc, what i like in this company is the quality of m... moreSame problem with mine but after all it,s a great smartphone, like it even today; Same problem with mine but after all it,s a great smartphone, like it even today
johnnie , 05 Aug 2016mine heat up so bad.......how can i change from 4g to 2g on network modehow can i change from Edge to 3g network mode; how can i change from Edge to 3g network mode
johnnie , 05 Aug 2016mine heat up so bad.......how can i change from 4g to 2g on network modehow can i change from Edge to 3g network mode; how can i change from Edge to 3g network mode
very bad experience with HTC 828 Mobile Phone
 Very Bad Performance; very bad experience with HTC 828 Mobile Phone; Very Bad Performance
Very bad Experience with HTC 828 Mobile Phone; Very bad Experience with HTC 828 Mobile Phone
Killero, 11 Aug 2016Like it were, I dropped mine into water so many times and nothing happened. I took pictures ov... moreI forgot... 4000 mAh Battery capacity.; I forgot... 4000 mAh Battery capacity.
Killero, 11 Aug 2016Like it were, I dropped mine into water so many times and nothing happened. I took pictures ov... more** Under the rain I meant; ** Under the rain I meant
Anonymous, 27 Jul 2016Butterfly series is water / dust proofLike it were, I dropped mine into water so many times and nothing happened. I took pictures over the rain and nothing happened... good phone, I wish HTC releases this same phone with 5 inches, SD 821, 3GB/4 GB RAM, 32/64/128 MB internal memory; Like it were, I dropped mine into water so many times and nothing happened. I took pictures over the rain and nothing happened... good phone, I wish HTC releases this same phone with 5 inches, SD 821, 3GB/4 GB RAM, 32/64/128 MB internal memory
mine heat up so bad.......how can i change from 4g to 2g on network mode; mine heat up so bad.......how can i change from 4g to 2g on network mode
It's still one of the best phones made by htc, what i like in this company is the quality of materials. 
 *after 3 years using this phone only problem with the battery & camera become red color in all pictures, i like the IR sensor & i wish to find it in the next phones.; It's still one of the best phones made by htc, what i like in this company is the quality of materials.; *after 3 years using this phone only problem with the battery & camera become red color in all pictures, i like the IR sensor & i wish to find it in the next phones.
Pablo, 02 Aug 2016Great phone, Had it for 3 years and it is still quite fast. I have used other top end phones (... moreYeah i've also had it for 3 years and its still a solid phone, only thing is the battery. The one on mine is fked ,will die whenever i watch a video, or use the camera doesn't matter what percentage.; Yeah i've also had it for 3 years and its still a solid phone, only thing is the battery. The one on mine is fked ,will die whenever i watch a video, or use the camera doesn't matter what percentage.
Great phone, Had it for 3 years and it is still quite fast. I have used other top end phones (Iphone, Samsung etc) and it compares well. Camera is not as good as some of the competition but great if you are prepared to use the camera settings and not just rely on auto.; Great phone, Had it for 3 years and it is still quite fast. I have used other top end phones (Iphone, Samsung etc) and it compares well. Camera is not as good as some of the competition but great if you are prepared to use the camera settings and not just rely on auto.
my phone is get really hot when i put on my internet can someone tell why is dat; my phone is get really hot when i put on my internet can someone tell why is dat
im using htc m7 since 2014. but now the battery drain and sometimes my m7 suddenly on off. for me worth bcs im using it almost 3 years.; im using htc m7 since 2014. but now the battery drain and sometimes my m7 suddenly on off. for me worth bcs im using it almost 3 years.
Pls,I have pro wit my HTC 7,I can't make and receive call, I don't 
 even enjoy it since I bought it. Can anyone give mi a way out ?; Pls,I have pro wit my HTC 7,I can't make and receive call, I don't; even enjoy it since I bought it. Can anyone give mi a way out ?
I had a problem with my HTC one m7, during call my loudspeaker does not work, when making calls the other person hear me speaking but I can not hear him or her voice during loudspeaker, any help to solve this problem; I had a problem with my HTC one m7, during call my loudspeaker does not work, when making calls the other person hear me speaking but I can not hear him or her voice during loudspeaker, any help to solve this problem
GeoBeqa, 26 Jul 2016I got myself one it's a very good device works fine and battery life is good to one minus is... moreAny fixes for the pink camera bug?; Any fixes for the pink camera bug?
Anonymous, 23 Jul 2016I'm going to buy a HTC m7 . How is battery lifeVery good if its new, if its refurbished or used maybe just good; Very good if its new, if its refurbished or used maybe just good
Anonymous, 10 Jul 2016No it is not water proof I think in htc there is no phone which is water proof Butterfly series is water / dust proof; Butterfly series is water / dust proof
I got myself one
 it's a very good device works fine and battery life is good to
 one minus is that all htc m7-s has this pink camera bug.
 you can't use main camera at night, but in daylight camera is beautiful
 i totally recommend getting this phone :); I got myself one; it's a very good device works fine and battery life is good to; one minus is that all htc m7-s has this pink camera bug.; you can't use main camera at night, but in daylight camera is beautiful; i totally recommend getting this phone :)
I'm going to buy a HTC m7 . How is battery life; I'm going to buy a HTC m7 . How is battery life
I'm going to buy a HTC m7 . Tell me how is battery life?????? Plzzz; I'm going to buy a HTC m7 . Tell me how is battery life?????? Plzzz
I have a problem with the mouth piece. I can hear from the other end. But not the other way round. Please advise!; I have a problem with the mouth piece. I can hear from the other end. But not the other way round. Please advise!
Nati , 15 Jul 2016my secern is cracked wht shall i do i mean any other thing that i can do pls help me out The best option is to check the local prices for repairing the phone. If its expensive than the value of your phone .. you should buy a new one ;) 
 
 If you know you can repair it on your own .. you can buy the LCD @ https://www.fixez.com/store/htc/htc-one-m7 
 
 how to repair it yourself : 
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jVUAr5hLiEE&feature=youtu.be; The best option is to check the local prices for repairing the phone. If its expensive than the value of your phone .. you should buy a new one ;); If you know you can repair it on your own .. you can buy the LCD @; how to repair it yourself :
my secern is cracked wht shall i do i mean any other thing that i can do pls help me out; my secern is cracked wht shall i do i mean any other thing that i can do pls help me out
I thought I should make you all aware that HTC are running a scam that will cost you more than the value of your phone, if you send it in for warranty repair.
 
 HTC outsource their customer support services abroad and they are absolutely horrendously incompetent and frustrating to deal with.
 
 I had a recurring fault where my phone stopped charging. 
 
 I sent my phone to them via UPS who delivered within 3 days. HTC lost my phone for 2 weeks. When they found it (not sure it's my phone that they found) there were two new faults with the phone. They say my camera and microphone were faulty. The original fault was covered by warranty, but the two new problems weren't and they quoted that I pay almost 90. If I don't, they will send back my phone but I would have to pay 26.37 to get it back un-repaired.
 
 I have called and spoken to them 9 times so far regarding this. For the first 4 times they just told me that my phone had been received and that their system would be updated within 2 days. After 4 calls, I asked for a manager to call me back, which they promised each time within 4 hours and then within an hour. On the 9th call I eventually was transferred to their escalations team where Bruce just talked over me, patronised me, "wasn't sure if I heard what he said", and just kept repeating the same thing over and over.
 
 According to Bruce, the original fault (not charging) is covered by warranty, but the camera and microphone that weren't broken when I sent the phone to them, aren't covered and HTC do not do partial repairs. In direct contravention of consumer protection laws, HTC will not send me back my phone unless I pay them 26.37 or authorise them to carry out the unnecessary repairs and pay them almost 90. I consulted a solicitor who confirmed that HTC are in breach of consumer protection law but HTC will not budge.
 
 Please be careful that you do not get caught in this trap or HTC will make a fortune by conning you.; I thought I should make you all aware that HTC are running a scam that will cost you more than the value of your phone, if you send it in for warranty repair.; HTC outsource their customer support services abroad and they are absolutely horrendously incompetent and frustrating to deal with.; I had a recurring fault where my phone stopped charging.; I sent my phone to them via UPS who delivered within 3 days. HTC lost my phone for 2 weeks. When they found it (not sure it's my phone that they found) there were two new faults with the phone. They say my camera and microphone were faulty. The original fault was covered by warranty, but the two new problems weren't and they quoted that I pay almost 90. If I don't, they will send back my phone but I would have to pay 26.37 to get it back un-repaired.; I have called and spoken to them 9 times so far regarding this. For the first 4 times they just told me that my phone had been received and that their system would be updated within 2 days. After 4 calls, I asked for a manager to call me back, which they promised each time within 4 hours and then within an hour. On the 9th call I eventually was transferred to their escalations team where Bruce just talked over me, patronised me, "wasn't sure if I heard what he said", and just kept repeating the same thing over and over.; According to Bruce, the original fault (not charging) is covered by warranty, but the camera and microphone that weren't broken when I sent the phone to them, aren't covered and HTC do not do partial repairs. In direct contravention of consumer protection laws, HTC will not send me back my phone unless I pay them 26.37 or authorise them to carry out the unnecessary repairs and pay them almost 90. I consulted a solicitor who confirmed that HTC are in breach of consumer protection law but HTC will not budge.; Please be careful that you do not get caught in this trap or HTC will make a fortune by conning you.
I've been using it for a while now and trust me, it has done nothing but satisfy my every smartphone-needs...it solves the sharability of data easily (unlike the iPhone) and it's ruggedness can't be over-emphasized in regard to Samsung; I've been using it for a while now and trust me, it has done nothing but satisfy my every smartphone-needs...it solves the sharability of data easily (unlike the iPhone) and it's ruggedness can't be over-emphasized in regard to Samsung
Mackii, 18 Jun 2016Why this H t c One is very heated. and also you say the Battery is Non-Removable, so my questi... moreYou can get the battery at Alaba international I've seen it there; You can get the battery at Alaba international I've seen it there
Baby, 27 Jun 2016is my htc desire 820 waterproof?No it is not water proof 
 I think in htc there is no phone which is water proof; No it is not water proof; I think in htc there is no phone which is water proof
chris oppong, 23 May 2016I upgraded my HTC one from v4.1.2 to v5.0 and after that upgrade my lock screen constantly fre... morePls kindly help guide me thru how to upgrade my phone to v5. I have tried and failed a couple of times over; Pls kindly help guide me thru how to upgrade my phone to v5. I have tried and failed a couple of times over
Fix this for you, 04 Jun 2016It's recommended to to a factory reset after and upgrade. That will fix it for you.I really need help to upgrade mine to lollipop...I've tried every option I know of, even downloaded a exe. file from HTC website and still keep getting error message. My phone is on Verizon wireless network but it's compatible with my Nigeria SIM...thank u; I really need help to upgrade mine to lollipop...I've tried every option I know of, even downloaded a exe. file from HTC website and still keep getting error message. My phone is on Verizon wireless network but it's compatible with my Nigeria SIM...thank u
I have used this phone starting from May 2013 until NOW! So far this is the longest streak ever for me as previously the longest cellphone i used was no more than 2 years. This phone has served me well. The only downside is the camera where it developed this purplish. Was told to change the hardware at HTC centre but too lazy to go. Otherwise has been a great phone so far. I intend to change to either HTC 10 or LG G5. Haven't made my mind yet.; I have used this phone starting from May 2013 until NOW! So far this is the longest streak ever for me as previously the longest cellphone i used was no more than 2 years. This phone has served me well. The only downside is the camera where it developed this purplish. Was told to change the hardware at HTC centre but too lazy to go. Otherwise has been a great phone so far. I intend to change to either HTC 10 or LG G5. Haven't made my mind yet.
I have a htc 616, which i bought 2 year ago. In this duration its have 3 fault and after warrenty they charge like a hell. it almost like half of the actual price. so don't go to htc phone. its better to the other brands.; I have a htc 616, which i bought 2 year ago. In this duration its have 3 fault and after warrenty they charge like a hell. it almost like half of the actual price. so don't go to htc phone. its better to the other brands.
juz, 26 Apr 2016What's the red signal triangle with exclamation Mark in it mean when I msg to one person this ... moreIt means there phone is not connected to service the triangle means message didn't go through; It means there phone is not connected to service the triangle means message didn't go through
is my htc desire 820 waterproof?; is my htc desire 820 waterproof?
Wolf, 10 May 2016Buy a Samsung or an i-Phone. To have an HTC just to be 'different' doesn't make much sense really.Same problem; Same problem
Alex, 22 Jun 2016Does this phone have 3G? If so, how do I turn it on, thanks.To locate the 3G, Go to Settings, click on Mobile Data, and then click on Network data. from there you can change from either 3g only / 2g only / 2g/3g auto / 2g/3g/4g auto.; To locate the 3G, Go to Settings, click on Mobile Data, and then click on Network data. from there you can change from either 3g only / 2g only / 2g/3g auto / 2g/3g/4g auto.
Does this phone have 3G? If so, how do I turn it on, thanks.; Does this phone have 3G? If so, how do I turn it on, thanks.
please dont buy this phone i bought this htc one and i'hd 3 times of repair and its camera and power button is not working... 
 after i bought new htc a9 and now iam comfortable with it..it is good phone.; please dont buy this phone i bought this htc one and i'hd 3 times of repair and its camera and power button is not working...; after i bought new htc a9 and now iam comfortable with it..it is good phone.
i am very upset to buy or not the "htc 628" plzz help me; i am very upset to buy or not the "htc 628" plzz help me
Why this H t c One is very heated. and also you say the Battery is Non-Removable, so my question when this battery is finish it means also the phone is finish also, please i need the classification on it.; Why this H t c One is very heated. and also you say the Battery is Non-Removable, so my question when this battery is finish it means also the phone is finish also, please i need the classification on it.
Anonymous, 13 Jun 2016You need to physically download the update from HTC's website "Physically download"? Seriously? #-P; "Physically download"? Seriously? #-P
My HTC one take more time charging battery what should i do tell me; My HTC one take more time charging battery what should i do tell me
harry shukla, 12 Jun 2016also the phone has no update option , what is the reason behind it ? it is running sense 6 and... moreYou need to physically download the update from HTC's website; You need to physically download the update from HTC's website
Karma05, 12 Jun 2016Hello Harry, The reason why you are unable to use the maximum capabilities of your HTC One ... morealso the phone has no update option , what is the reason behind it ? it is running sense 6 and android 4.4.2 kitkat .; also the phone has no update option , what is the reason behind it ? it is running sense 6 and android 4.4.2 kitkat .
harry shukla, 08 Jun 2016i'm having a M7 that's on sprint network , my indian sims works on it , but after few call att... moreHello Harry,
 
 The reason why you are unable to use the maximum capabilities of your HTC One in India is because of network bandwidth compatibility.
 
 Please refer to the link below to check for network coverage in India:
 
 http://www.gsmarena.com/network-bands.php3?sCountry=India; Hello Harry,; The reason why you are unable to use the maximum capabilities of your HTC One in India is because of network bandwidth compatibility.; Please refer to the link below to check for network coverage in India:
i'm having a M7 that's on sprint network , my indian sims works on it , but after few call attempts , my phone does not get any sound in calls , also i am on kitkat and there is no software update option in my device so how to fixx this ?? anyone here with a solution ?; i'm having a M7 that's on sprint network , my indian sims works on it , but after few call attempts , my phone does not get any sound in calls , also i am on kitkat and there is no software update option in my device so how to fixx this ?? anyone here with a solution ?
chris oppong, 23 May 2016I upgraded my HTC one from v4.1.2 to v5.0 and after that upgrade my lock screen constantly fre... moreIt's recommended to to a factory reset after and upgrade. That will fix it for you.; It's recommended to to a factory reset after and upgrade. That will fix it for you.
i m using htc x515e it is better than htc one 
 thanks; i m using htc x515e it is better than htc one; thanks
Harpeet kaur, 27 May 2016I will suggest everyone not to purchase any htc item. This is d worst phone i have taken till ... moreI had a problem with camera but HTC replaced whole phone - they said that they don't repair this model, instead they are giving a new phone - and they did :); I had a problem with camera but HTC replaced whole phone - they said that they don't repair this model, instead they are giving a new phone - and they did :)
HTC means Help This Company its not worth spending 50k for this device now this phone available under 10000 no exchange value bad camera having purble tint and somany problems like phone turning off itself; HTC means Help This Company its not worth spending 50k for this device now this phone available under 10000 no exchange value bad camera having purble tint and somany problems like phone turning off itself
I will suggest everyone not to purchase any htc item. This is d worst phone i have taken till now. My camera in new phone was damage n today even after 40days dey hv not replaced my phone.. Third class servicing.; I will suggest everyone not to purchase any htc item. This is d worst phone i have taken till now. My camera in new phone was damage n today even after 40days dey hv not replaced my phone.. Third class servicing.
One of the worest thing about htc that its camer issue. When the phone accidently drop or brock in to your pocket its camera becames pink and gets over heats after 1 hour use but the phone is very great at gameing music watching videos i ma using this phone from last two years but still love this phone; One of the worest thing about htc that its camer issue. When the phone accidently drop or brock in to your pocket its camera becames pink and gets over heats after 1 hour use but the phone is very great at gameing music watching videos i ma using this phone from last two years but still love this phone
christ oppong, 22 May 2016i upgraded my HTC one to v5.0 but after the upgrade my phone constantly freezes on the lock sc... moreDo a hard reset; Do a hard reset
Anonymous, 23 May 2016HTC One ?; ?
I upgraded my HTC one from v4.1.2 to v5.0 and after that upgrade my lock screen constantly freezes any Tim I try to unlock it so please help me fix it ok!; I upgraded my HTC one from v4.1.2 to v5.0 and after that upgrade my lock screen constantly freezes any Tim I try to unlock it so please help me fix it ok!
AKeshav, 22 May 2016Read somewhere that the M7 will get Sense 7 but still no Sense 7 in view. Disappointed in HTC..HTC One; HTC One
i upgraded my HTC one to v5.0 but after the upgrade my phone constantly freezes on the lock screen any time i try to unlock the screen.so please can someone give me an idea?; i upgraded my HTC one to v5.0 but after the upgrade my phone constantly freezes on the lock screen any time i try to unlock the screen.so please can someone give me an idea?
Read somewhere that the M7 will get Sense 7 but still no Sense 7 in view. Disappointed in HTC..; Read somewhere that the M7 will get Sense 7 but still no Sense 7 in view. Disappointed in HTC..
Anonymous, 11 May 2016My HTC does not work while plugged in. It freezes and glitches, yet when I unplug it, the scre... moreUse original cable charge. Maybe check your power source as well.; Use original cable charge. Maybe check your power source as well.
I was purchase HTC 820 price was 24k and after completing 1 years automatically mobile got hang and got dead and unable to resolve the issue by service center and service center simply charging 12000 to 15000 for repair.
 Withing one year of the product the mobile mother board damage or gone and service center as well as customer keep on telling sorry sorry,they don't have answer to my question and HTC company selling duplicate and China model and review is compare to HTC products China model is good because it can up to 1 and half years but HTC within 1 years got hang unnecessary and unable to resolve by hTC service.
 
 Please share to your friends to avoid purchasing HTC mobile.
 
 Complete duplicate parts 
 
 Thanks; I was purchase HTC 820 price was 24k and after completing 1 years automatically mobile got hang and got dead and unable to resolve the issue by service center and service center simply charging 12000 to 15000 for repair.; Withing one year of the product the mobile mother board damage or gone and service center as well as customer keep on telling sorry sorry,they don't have answer to my question and HTC company selling duplicate and China model and review is compare to HTC products China model is good because it can up to 1 and half years but HTC within 1 years got hang unnecessary and unable to resolve by hTC service.; Please share to your friends to avoid purchasing HTC mobile.; Complete duplicate parts; Thanks
am using iPhone 6s plus n its too gud d battery n Canada its gud d phone is super get urs nw n njoy ur free tym d fine is d boom hurry y stock last; am using iPhone 6s plus n its too gud d battery n Canada its gud d phone is super get urs nw n njoy ur free tym d fine is d boom hurry y stock last
My m7 didn't receive kitkat or lollipop update yet still working with 4.1.2 jelly bean can someone tell me how to get software update soon; My m7 didn't receive kitkat or lollipop update yet still working with 4.1.2 jelly bean can someone tell me how to get software update soon
My HTC does not work while plugged in. It freezes and glitches, yet when I unplug it, the screen works fine again.; My HTC does not work while plugged in. It freezes and glitches, yet when I unplug it, the screen works fine again.
abby, 05 May 2016what do u do if htc one starts losing NETWORK problem yet its stil new thats not even a yearBuy a Samsung or an i-Phone. To have an HTC just to be 'different' doesn't make much sense really.; Buy a Samsung or an i-Phone. To have an HTC just to be 'different' doesn't make much sense really.
what do u do if htc one starts losing NETWORK problem yet its stil new thats not even a year; what do u do if htc one starts losing NETWORK problem yet its stil new thats not even a year
does it support volte?; does it support volte?
Hi... I Am Nikhil.I hv one question its dual sim but both sim is Gsm + Gsm or one is Gsm and Cdma???; Hi... I Am Nikhil.I hv one question its dual sim but both sim is Gsm + Gsm or one is Gsm and Cdma???
Leoz, 23 Apr 2016I tested Marshmallow 6.0 on m7 and it works really good :)Pls how did you manage to run marshmalllow on HTC one. Pls explain in full details thanks; Pls how did you manage to run marshmalllow on HTC one. Pls explain in full details thanks
juz, 26 Apr 2016What's the red signal triangle with exclamation Mark in it mean when I msg to one person this ... moreit means it didnt send the message properly, you need to get into reception; it means it didnt send the message properly, you need to get into reception
What's the red signal triangle with exclamation Mark in it mean when I msg to one person this always comes up ! No one else; What's the red signal triangle with exclamation Mark in it mean when I msg to one person this always comes up ! No one else
hi..i am using this phone...my camera is not working yet..i ddnt get a clear photo; hi..i am using this phone...my camera is not working yet..i ddnt get a clear photo
Leoz, 23 Apr 2016I tested Marshmallow 6.0 on m7 and it works really good :)which rom you running?; which rom you running?
Leoz, 23 Apr 2016I tested Marshmallow 6.0 on m7 and it works really good :)Please how did u run the update on it? 
 Tell me the steps.; Please how did u run the update on it?; Tell me the steps.
I tested Marshmallow 6.0 on m7 and it works really good :); I tested Marshmallow 6.0 on m7 and it works really good :)
My phone isn't turning on neither the indicator light glows but when connected to the laptop it does give connection but cannot be accessed .what might me the problem???; My phone isn't turning on neither the indicator light glows but when connected to the laptop it does give connection but cannot be accessed .what might me the problem???
After 2,5 years m7 still perfect phone for me!! Nice design, stereo front speaker, solid material. I dont have any problem with my phone
 
 One of the best htc product; After 2,5 years m7 still perfect phone for me!! Nice design, stereo front speaker, solid material. I dont have any problem with my phone; One of the best htc product
I face every time problem of battery.when we charge the battery full and use this then it go hardly 2 to 3 hrs regularly. I did not get battery backup good and also heat mobile when use.; I face every time problem of battery.when we charge the battery full and use this then it go hardly 2 to 3 hrs regularly. I did not get battery backup good and also heat mobile when use.
me too have the same issue; me too have the same issue
Leonthedaddy, 03 Apr 2016I have this problem as well, so frustrated with it. Is there a way to solve this problem, cons... moreConsider contacting customer care people and submit to nearest outlest. I got the issue fixed by them in 2 days. Now using the phone for almost 3 years, no camera or any other issues faced :); Consider contacting customer care people and submit to nearest outlest. I got the issue fixed by them in 2 days. Now using the phone for almost 3 years, no camera or any other issues faced :)
es, 31 Mar 2016Hi. I've been using HTC M7 for 2.5 years. Actully is a great phone as its quite fast expect it... moreI have this problem as well, so frustrated with it. Is there a way to solve this problem, consider about simply replace the cam makes no sense?; I have this problem as well, so frustrated with it. Is there a way to solve this problem, consider about simply replace the cam makes no sense?
ivcha90, 29 Mar 2016Hi guys, i have offer to trade my Galaxy J5 with HTC One M7, can you tell me is this phone sti... moreHi. I've been using HTC M7 for 2.5 years. Actully is a great phone as its quite fast expect its camera. Camera started to have problems after almost 1 year of using it. You can not take photos in the dark because it gives a pink view. And all HTC M7 serie has the same problem, some of them even in the light they give a pink effect to your photo. Even you change the cam it will have the same problem.; Hi. I've been using HTC M7 for 2.5 years. Actully is a great phone as its quite fast expect its camera. Camera started to have problems after almost 1 year of using it. You can not take photos in the dark because it gives a pink view. And all HTC M7 serie has the same problem, some of them even in the light they give a pink effect to your photo. Even you change the cam it will have the same problem.
manasa, 07 Mar 2016My new HTC m7 is taking 5 hours to charge fully from 5 even with the original charger. Why is ... morecheck that ur charger is plugged in a single plug,do not put in ur charger with multiplug..; check that ur charger is plugged in a single plug,do not put in ur charger with multiplug..
Hi guys, i have offer to trade my Galaxy J5 with HTC One M7, can you tell me is this phone still worthing to use after 3 years, in specs One is better except camera but i dont use camera a lot. Thanks for answers ;); Hi guys, i have offer to trade my Galaxy J5 with HTC One M7, can you tell me is this phone still worthing to use after 3 years, in specs One is better except camera but i dont use camera a lot. Thanks for answers ;)
Kirakun, 01 Mar 2016Hello guys, i want to know if the pink camera issue is some alternative to recognize the error... moreThis problem comes from hardware, if you need to fix this issue you need change inside chip. Any software or hard reset won't helps you. Most HTC meet has this problem. Sorry for my poor english sence.; This problem comes from hardware, if you need to fix this issue you need change inside chip. Any software or hard reset won't helps you. Most HTC meet has this problem. Sorry for my poor english sence.
Damien, 23 Mar 2016Will this get marshmallow?It already got it with roms,but there wont be official update. 5.0.2 sense 6 is the final official android version avaible for the one m7.; It already got it with roms,but there wont be official update. 5.0.2 sense 6 is the final official android version avaible for the one m7.
Hai..im buy the htc m7 from people, n the phone use the venom room and all app not latest..and if want update need to email n pasword.. But the email at first owner...how to flash firmware original m7? But the addroid already lolipop..help me..; Hai..im buy the htc m7 from people, n the phone use the venom room and all app not latest..and if want update need to email n pasword.. But the email at first owner...how to flash firmware original m7? But the addroid already lolipop..help me..
I love this phone. :); I love this phone. :)
Will this get marshmallow?; Will this get marshmallow?
rafa_la_mancha, 17 Mar 2016I updated from kitkat to lollipop and no problems so far.How did you do the update to Lollipop? I have an AT&T htc one m7 supposedly unlocked b/c I'm using it abroad and it works fine but I'm unable to update it from 4.4.2 to 5.0. 
 Please help someone.; How did you do the update to Lollipop? I have an AT&T htc one m7 supposedly unlocked b/c I'm using it abroad and it works fine but I'm unable to update it from 4.4.2 to 5.0.; Please help someone.
HTC desire 626 sucks .. it's an octagon core processor n yet it's slow while the music is playing..and I cannot connect to a WiFi network n it hasn't even been a month since I bought this phone...; HTC desire 626 sucks .. it's an octagon core processor n yet it's slow while the music is playing..and I cannot connect to a WiFi network n it hasn't even been a month since I bought this phone...
Shohan, 12 Mar 2016What problem can I face after giving my phone latest update?? What will be all of your suggest... moreI updated from kitkat to lollipop and no problems so far.; I updated from kitkat to lollipop and no problems so far.
dhiman, 29 Dec 2015Yes mr. I am also facing this problem. My phone's battery down 1% in 3 minutes. Pooe battery b... moreHTC One M7 "DO NOT" have 20MP camera. Your phone is different model; HTC One M7 "DO NOT" have 20MP camera. Your phone is different model
Anonymous, 14 Dec 2015In htc fone i cannot work field compas.it shows that magnetic sensor is not available.anybody ... moreYou either got a Fake HTC ONE M7.... or your bought the "Mini" version; You either got a Fake HTC ONE M7.... or your bought the "Mini" version
psycoknil, 01 Jan 2016I got a Htc m7, a black one..i don't use camera because of the pink/purple issueYou are too late... warranty expired. I got mine change during HTC recall... Working perfectly since then.; You are too late... warranty expired. I got mine change during HTC recall... Working perfectly since then.
Vicky, 27 Jan 2016I have been using your htc one but all of a sudden I couldn't access anything on it.it say ent... more"Your" Phone is encrypted. The encryption can only be activated manually by owner. Before encrytion start it also have multiple warning including plug in charger.
 
 Where u get your phone :); "Your" Phone is encrypted. The encryption can only be activated manually by owner. Before encrytion start it also have multiple warning including plug in charger.; Where u get your phone :)
What problem can I face after giving my phone latest update?? What will be all of your suggestion should I update my HTC One???; What problem can I face after giving my phone latest update?? What will be all of your suggestion should I update my HTC One???
adrenaline, 04 Mar 2016it is not about color,its about cam sensor,before u pay you can chek like this:turn on camera ... moreThanksin advance dude, but there is no way to know it if i pay through amazon; Thanksin advance dude, but there is no way to know it if i pay through amazon
Try a new charger. Replace the cable. Clean the port.; Try a new charger. Replace the cable. Clean the port.
manasa, 07 Mar 2016My new HTC m7 is taking 5 hours to charge fully from 5 even with the original charger. Why is ... moreIt's just how the way things work. As your unit gets older, the performance of your battery drops as well.; It's just how the way things work. As your unit gets older, the performance of your battery drops as well.
My new HTC m7 is taking 5 hours to charge fully from 5 even with the original charger. Why is this so and what is the solution.; My new HTC m7 is taking 5 hours to charge fully from 5 even with the original charger. Why is this so and what is the solution.
adrenaline, 04 Mar 2016it is not about color,its about cam sensor,before u pay you can chek like this:turn on camera ... moreGood; Good
Best phone I used in my LIFE even better than iPhone 6s Plus or S7 Edge..
 
 who gives a crap about games..I don't care to run Asphalt 8 in full graphics..I have PS4 & GTX Titan in my PC..
 
 This phone does all I want especially music the best & LOUDEST headphone out volume...
 
 I have played with ZTE Axon Pro which has a DAC + AMP but still that thing ain't louder than this...
 
 Next I will try LG G5 to see if it can replace this baby but the design of that sucks
 
 This phone is just perfect..does my music, messages, social networking, phones, great camera... NO PROBLEMS!
 
 HTC should copy Apple & re-release this phone with new parts like iPhone 5 SE!!; Best phone I used in my LIFE even better than iPhone 6s Plus or S7 Edge..; who gives a crap about games..I don't care to run Asphalt 8 in full graphics..I have PS4 & GTX Titan in my PC..; This phone does all I want especially music the best & LOUDEST headphone out volume...; I have played with ZTE Axon Pro which has a DAC + AMP but still that thing ain't louder than this...; Next I will try LG G5 to see if it can replace this baby but the design of that sucks; This phone is just perfect..does my music, messages, social networking, phones, great camera... NO PROBLEMS!; HTC should copy Apple & re-release this phone with new parts like iPhone 5 SE!!
Kirakun, 01 Mar 2016Hello guys, i want to know if the pink camera issue is some alternative to recognize the error... moreit is not about color,its about cam sensor,before u pay you can chek like this:turn on camera ,put your hand on camera,if screen goes blue or pink dont pay,if screen goes black thats ok!; it is not about color,its about cam sensor,before u pay you can chek like this:turn on camera ,put your hand on camera,if screen goes blue or pink dont pay,if screen goes black thats ok!
Hello guys, i want to know if the pink camera issue is some alternative to recognize the error with for example color of case ? .....cause i read that this issue is asosiated with only silver color devices, it does mean that posibly colors like black, blue and gold will not have this problem at all?; Hello guys, i want to know if the pink camera issue is some alternative to recognize the error with for example color of case ? .....cause i read that this issue is asosiated with only silver color devices, it does mean that posibly colors like black, blue and gold will not have this problem at all?
I have one HTC m7 from hongkong. In it the default browser is Chinese. How can I change it to google?; I have one HTC m7 from hongkong. In it the default browser is Chinese. How can I change it to google?
I have htc one m7 from hongkong.now i am using it in india.can i update my phone to lollipop in india?? Any1 who can help me.; I have htc one m7 from hongkong.now i am using it in india.can i update my phone to lollipop in india?? Any1 who can help me.
i have htc one pn07120 model .its wifi-hotspot not working.any body help me,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,; i have htc one pn07120 model .its wifi-hotspot not working.any body help me,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
I have use HTC 626g+ not ready esay working; I have use HTC 626g+ not ready esay working
Great phone. Everything is perfect; Great phone. Everything is perfect
Well, I don't have the best version of HTC, mine is HTC one mini.When I decided to buy it everybody says it would be a mistake. No good battery and some cracks in the shield, and other things.Well, it has been with me more than 2 years.No problems at all.Now battery is getting weak ( of course) and probably I'm going to need to change it. But I don't want Samsung or iPhone, just because HTC is so good that I can't imagine having a different device.; Well, I don't have the best version of HTC, mine is HTC one mini.When I decided to buy it everybody says it would be a mistake. No good battery and some cracks in the shield, and other things.Well, it has been with me more than 2 years.No problems at all.Now battery is getting weak ( of course) and probably I'm going to need to change it. But I don't want Samsung or iPhone, just because HTC is so good that I can't imagine having a different device.
otg 4.4.2, 06 Feb 2016hlw frnds, my htc m7 not working otg cable.... plz hlp me...Change cable; Change cable
I had a better camera than 1020 still not updated to lollipop it decreases the camera quality; I had a better camera than 1020 still not updated to lollipop it decreases the camera quality
Please don't root your phone or update your phone it causes lot of problems it is at your own risks; Please don't root your phone or update your phone it causes lot of problems it is at your own risks
the company is awful doesn't deserve to sustain in the country. the services are extremely poor & inadequate.; the company is awful doesn't deserve to sustain in the country. the services are extremely poor & inadequate.
yazu, 28 Jan 2016hello guys,can we play real racing 3 in htc one m7? Thx in advance....u can no probz at all i play rr3 every day; u can no probz at all i play rr3 every day
How to update Verizon HTC one plz help me; How to update Verizon HTC one plz help me
How to update HTC one in lollypop; How to update HTC one in lollypop
Htc one m7 with root and CM HD maximux 52.0 is very ok, in antutu benchmark i have 38k :); Htc one m7 with root and CM HD maximux 52.0 is very ok, in antutu benchmark i have 38k :)
I have loved this phone. But I'm so angry about the latest upgrade that there's no way I'll stick with android when this contract expires. I had this looking, feeling and operating as I liked it. Sadly the themes, icons and emojis simply aren't acceptable to me. It's not that they're new - fine with new stuff - but I actively hate them. No pleasure now in using this device, so I'm scaling down my use as much as possible until I'm able to replace it. By not building in any ability to personalise you've lost a customer.; I have loved this phone. But I'm so angry about the latest upgrade that there's no way I'll stick with android when this contract expires. I had this looking, feeling and operating as I liked it. Sadly the themes, icons and emojis simply aren't acceptable to me. It's not that they're new - fine with new stuff - but I actively hate them. No pleasure now in using this device, so I'm scaling down my use as much as possible until I'm able to replace it. By not building in any ability to personalise you've lost a customer.
hey guys mine cant connect to the network; hey guys mine cant connect to the network
hlw frnds, my htc m7 not working otg cable....
 plz hlp me...; hlw frnds, my htc m7 not working otg cable....; plz hlp me...
HTC Onstarted off good, but i had glitches like crazy, they sent me a new phone within 4 months of recieving the original one, now it's been 1 year and the phone died. never getting another HTC- i don't like the enternal battery.Cell phones should not have internal batteries they cause more problems then fixing, and it's a shure way of you blowing your moeny on another phone; HTC Onstarted off good, but i had glitches like crazy, they sent me a new phone within 4 months of recieving the original one, now it's been 1 year and the phone died. never getting another HTC- i don't like the enternal battery.Cell phones should not have internal batteries they cause more problems then fixing, and it's a shure way of you blowing your moeny on another phone
Worst services ever ... wen they cant make their servers work since past 5 days ... I wonder hw much time will they take in repairing the phone...vry vry poor services.... wen u can't provide customer service then plz shut ur brand.; Worst services ever ... wen they cant make their servers work since past 5 days ... I wonder hw much time will they take in repairing the phone...vry vry poor services.... wen u can't provide customer service then plz shut ur brand.
Vicky, 27 Jan 2016I have been using your htc one but all of a sudden I couldn't access anything on it.it say ent... moreDo a factory reset.; Do a factory reset.
Anonymous, 01 Feb 2016Had 2 htc phone and the worst phone ive ever had...battery wasnt last, needs to charge 3x a da... moreYou should have updated the software version...its a very good phone.; You should have updated the software version...its a very good phone.
Had 2 htc phone and the worst phone ive ever had...battery wasnt last, needs to charge 3x a day and its bullshittt. now i put them in the garbage... Iphone and samsung better...; Had 2 htc phone and the worst phone ive ever had...battery wasnt last, needs to charge 3x a day and its bullshittt. now i put them in the garbage... Iphone and samsung better...
best phones; best phones
Best phone I used ever..had used it for 2 years + and still working good. Only the OS update make me feel not that convenient like previous because HTC had removed thier good rated built-in app and migrate to cheap 3rd party apps; Best phone I used ever..had used it for 2 years + and still working good. Only the OS update make me feel not that convenient like previous because HTC had removed thier good rated built-in app and migrate to cheap 3rd party apps
hello guys,can we play real racing 3 in htc one m7? Thx in advance....; hello guys,can we play real racing 3 in htc one m7? Thx in advance....
Best Phone Ever; Best Phone Ever
I have been using your htc one but all of a sudden I couldn't access anything on it.it say enter decrypte password.pls I can I get the password cus I haven't been able to use it for like 8months now; I have been using your htc one but all of a sudden I couldn't access anything on it.it say enter decrypte password.pls I can I get the password cus I haven't been able to use it for like 8months now
This is the most beautiful phone i have ever used, better than your cheap Samsung galaxy S5 etc , if you say this phone is crap then you dont know what you talking abou...; This is the most beautiful phone i have ever used, better than your cheap Samsung galaxy S5 etc , if you say this phone is crap then you dont know what you talking abou...
there is a signal issue,no success in factory resenting/changing the os. seems to be a hardware issue. is there is a way to buy the 2g/3g signal IC; there is a signal issue,no success in factory resenting/changing the os. seems to be a hardware issue. is there is a way to buy the 2g/3g signal IC
This phone is freaking awesome....not able to find a better mobile than HTC ONE M7. Awesome mobile I have ever used.; This phone is freaking awesome....not able to find a better mobile than HTC ONE M7. Awesome mobile I have ever used.
It's a badly made phone from a company that won't take responsibility for manufacturing faults. It overheats in normal use. This damages the camera chip. Photos from the phone have poor quality and a pink tinge. 
 The aluminium casing is now coming away from the screen.
 HTC refused to anything. 
 Don't buy anything HTC. It's not a serious company. It won't exist in a few years.; It's a badly made phone from a company that won't take responsibility for manufacturing faults. It overheats in normal use. This damages the camera chip. Photos from the phone have poor quality and a pink tinge.; The aluminium casing is now coming away from the screen.; HTC refused to anything.; Don't buy anything HTC. It's not a serious company. It won't exist in a few years.
when i used my main camera its not good but when i used the front camera its better than main camera.
 
 
 why is that happen?; when i used my main camera its not good but when i used the front camera its better than main camera.; why is that happen?
my phones part of the touchscreen is not workin is it the problm of screen digitizer?; my phones part of the touchscreen is not workin is it the problm of screen digitizer?
Jam, 29 Dec 2015Massive phone, very uncomfotable using one hand. I change the passeword of telephone and during what I realime the telephone request of factory code it does not want to the one I introduced while I need a factory passeword HTC One x 32G; I change the passeword of telephone and during what I realime the telephone request of factory code it does not want to the one I introduced while I need a factory passeword HTC One x 32G
Tinkels, 15 Jan 2016need help!!what can the problem be if my phone don't want to read my sim card (htc one) even i... moreDude maybe you bought a normal sim, and this phone needs a microSIM. If it's not the case then you should ask for a refund or solution.; Dude maybe you bought a normal sim, and this phone needs a microSIM. If it's not the case then you should ask for a refund or solution.
My phones battery is end in a half day, without using internet or without using the phone. Why?; My phones battery is end in a half day, without using internet or without using the phone. Why?
Tinkels, 15 Jan 2016need help!!what can the problem be if my phone don't want to read my sim card (htc one) even i... morenot a big problem .. your sim card might be damaged try another different sim .. if is fv u same error one of the six sim card might be damaged , I can help you fixing if .. please don't open ur device it has small parts easily damaged; not a big problem .. your sim card might be damaged try another different sim .. if is fv u same error one of the six sim card might be damaged , I can help you fixing if .. please don't open ur device it has small parts easily damaged
need help!!what can the problem be if my phone don't want to read my sim card (htc one) even if i put the sim in... it reads, no sim card.; need help!!what can the problem be if my phone don't want to read my sim card (htc one) even if i put the sim in... it reads, no sim card.
Cannot find a better mobile than HTC M7. Awesome mobile I have ever used.; Cannot find a better mobile than HTC M7. Awesome mobile I have ever used.
sovannaryear, 03 Jan 2016i live in Cambodia I have gift htc one from my uncle from usa now i can used it cause it lock ... moreProbably try resetting the phone; Probably try resetting the phone
sovannaryear, 03 Jan 2016i live in Cambodia I have gift htc one from my uncle from usa now i can used it cause it lock ... moreDo you know about hard reset? If not, google it.; Do you know about hard reset? If not, google it.
I love how everyone is complaining about a phone launched 3 years ago... obviously it's gonna have some drawbacks, but when released it was one of the best and most interesting phones available.; I love how everyone is complaining about a phone launched 3 years ago... obviously it's gonna have some drawbacks, but when released it was one of the best and most interesting phones available.
sovannaryear, 03 Jan 2016i live in Cambodia I have gift htc one from my uncle from usa now i can used it cause it lock ... moreFrom where do you have your phone number? In case you don't know or your unkle cannot help you, you have to contact the company where you pay your bills for phone calls. Good Luck!; From where do you have your phone number? In case you don't know or your unkle cannot help you, you have to contact the company where you pay your bills for phone calls. Good Luck!
boyatwar, 21 Nov 2015first of all i would call it worst and poorest phone of all phones.i am using it for a year an... moreThink you have never used One M7; Think you have never used One M7
this phone is every think right bt battery charging time is very long & drain time is so short...over heating problam.....
 
 most commonly problam on battery backup; this phone is every think right bt battery charging time is very long & drain time is so short...over heating problam.....; most commonly problam on battery backup
i live in Cambodia I have gift htc one from my uncle from usa now i can used it cause it lock pin number how can i use it can u tell me; i live in Cambodia I have gift htc one from my uncle from usa now i can used it cause it lock pin number how can i use it can u tell me
Does it lag after updating to lollipop 5.0.2?
 and if it does how bad is it? like usable lag or rock bottom lag?
 thanks in advance.; Does it lag after updating to lollipop 5.0.2?; and if it does how bad is it? like usable lag or rock bottom lag?; thanks in advance.
I got a Htc m7, a black one..i don't use camera because of the pink/purple issue; I got a Htc m7, a black one..i don't use camera because of the pink/purple issue
serbanpaun, 30 Dec 2015The "pink screen/pink photos" problem is a factory bug/problem related only to silver case HTC... moreNot completley true, I have a red case M7 and a friend has a black case M7 and we also have the pink/red photo problem from time to time.; Not completley true, I have a red case M7 and a friend has a black case M7 and we also have the pink/red photo problem from time to time.
The "pink screen/pink photos" problem is a factory bug/problem related only to silver case HTC One M7. Take the phone to your dealer and replace it, as there is no repair solution for it.; The "pink screen/pink photos" problem is a factory bug/problem related only to silver case HTC One M7. Take the phone to your dealer and replace it, as there is no repair solution for it.
Nikhil, 01 Dec 2015How to update htc one m7 there is no update available Htc one m7 is the one fantabulous phone i have ever been through it speed is fast as hell this is truely a beast 
 But one of the most worst defenciey in it is the damn pink camera issue 
 Rest of the phone is; Htc one m7 is the one fantabulous phone i have ever been through it speed is fast as hell this is truely a beast; But one of the most worst defenciey in it is the damn pink camera issue; Rest of the phone is
sanu, 05 Dec 2015hello frnds...plz help me...my phone battery backup is so poor .....every 2mnit 1% charge down... moreYes mr. I am also facing this problem. My phone's battery down 1% in 3 minutes. Pooe battery backup yar and the 20mp camera is not good. Totally waste money . . .; Yes mr. I am also facing this problem. My phone's battery down 1% in 3 minutes. Pooe battery backup yar and the 20mp camera is not good. Totally waste money . . .
Harith, 27 Dec 2015When switch to primary camera during Nights or during day time in low lighting places, I see a... moreSame problem with my HTC camera. Rear camera gives pinkish look in low light areas. That's a bug with HTC mobile M7 for numerous models.; Same problem with my HTC camera. Rear camera gives pinkish look in low light areas. That's a bug with HTC mobile M7 for numerous models.
Massive phone, very uncomfotable using one hand.; Massive phone, very uncomfotable using one hand.
will it be updated to android 6, and does it lag using everyday apps (since it has a relatively old chipset ) ?
 Thanks in advance; will it be updated to android 6, and does it lag using everyday apps (since it has a relatively old chipset ) ?; Thanks in advance
When switch to primary camera during Nights or during day time in low lighting places, I see a pink screen on my camera app. And the snaps which I take in nights or in low lighting places I get with a pink screen.; When switch to primary camera during Nights or during day time in low lighting places, I see a pink screen on my camera app. And the snaps which I take in nights or in low lighting places I get with a pink screen.
Unable to play this file 
 My HTC one M7
 Issues: (don't make call, no system sounds no music sounds and play videos no sounds how to RESOLVE THIS ISSUE; Unable to play this file; My HTC one M7; Issues: (don't make call, no system sounds no music sounds and play videos no sounds how to RESOLVE THIS ISSUE
King, 17 Dec 2015Big issue with the BLACK SCREEN experience, cannot switch on even how many time i tried those ... moreYou bought a htc one software recovery cd and connect to your laptop and finally connect your phone to laptop with the help of otg cable and recover you htc one software; You bought a htc one software recovery cd and connect to your laptop and finally connect your phone to laptop with the help of otg cable and recover you htc one software
how to update this phone?is there in local updates to update this phone plz tell me i couldnt find anything about software updates or anything plzz hlp me; how to update this phone?is there in local updates to update this phone plz tell me i couldnt find anything about software updates or anything plzz hlp me
Raj, 13 Dec 2015I have a at@t unlocked phone. ...how can I update phone 5.1....in indiau can download htc sync manager in your pc and uodate the from their...; u can download htc sync manager in your pc and uodate the from their...
Big issue with the BLACK SCREEN experience, cannot switch on even how many time i tried those instruction on the you tube. Its a very good phone but this issue is suck.; Big issue with the BLACK SCREEN experience, cannot switch on even how many time i tried those instruction on the you tube. Its a very good phone but this issue is suck.
Help me plz h0w can i find Htc one here in malawi; Help me plz h0w can i find Htc one here in malawi
In htc fone i cannot work field compas.it shows that magnetic sensor is not available.anybody have the idea about it; In htc fone i cannot work field compas.it shows that magnetic sensor is not available.anybody have the idea about it
tomasi, 10 Dec 2015phne drop and power buttton damage.when i charge my phone battery sign appear on screen.how ca... morepress power h volume up and down button in one time ..... try it; press power h volume up and down button in one time ..... try it
I have a at@t unlocked phone. ...how can I update phone 5.1....in india; I have a at@t unlocked phone. ...how can I update phone 5.1....in india
phne drop and power buttton damage.when i charge my phone battery sign appear on screen.how can i on my phone; phne drop and power buttton damage.when i charge my phone battery sign appear on screen.how can i on my phone
sanu, 05 Dec 2015hello frnds...plz help me...my phone battery backup is so poor .....every 2mnit 1% charge down... moreSame problem here. The battery is totally defected. I bought the phone 14 months ago. It is in perfect condition. I use only original HTC charger, but the problem exists.; Same problem here. The battery is totally defected. I bought the phone 14 months ago. It is in perfect condition. I use only original HTC charger, but the problem exists.
how do you update to android marshmallow 6.0.1 in india release date?; how do you update to android marshmallow 6.0.1 in india release date?
how do you update to android 5?; how do you update to android 5?
hello frnds...plz help me...my phone battery backup is so poor .....every 2mnit 1% charge down.....any one face same problam??????
 help me.....
 how much time your battery backup???; hello frnds...plz help me...my phone battery backup is so poor .....every 2mnit 1% charge down.....any one face same problam??????; help me.....; how much time your battery backup???
Nzuki, 20 Nov 2015This battery life is the poorest. When i wake up in the morning : I charge it to full capacity... moreNzuki, I am using HTC one since 2014 I don't have such a problem I think it not a normal case you should check wake lock. And may be the problem is wake lock some time I am feeling same problem it started since I used an alternate charger for my HTC.; Nzuki, I am using HTC one since 2014 I don't have such a problem I think it not a normal case you should check wake lock. And may be the problem is wake lock some time I am feeling same problem it started since I used an alternate charger for my HTC.
Divatech Solutions, 22 Nov 2015Battery problem solved. You just have to update your device to the latest version 5.0.2, Softw... moreHow do i update my HTC M7 bro ... im sorry but not that experienced in such stuff xD ... i just game and surf net lol ...i would really appreciate it if u could tell me how and thank you in advance ^^; How do i update my HTC M7 bro ... im sorry but not that experienced in such stuff xD ... i just game and surf net lol ...i would really appreciate it if u could tell me how and thank you in advance ^^
fkhr19, 29 Nov 2015Almost 2016 and still using this beast. Even the battery is not good enough, but very comfy... moreMe too, true beast, such a great device: hopefully M10 will be a worthy upgrade for my lovely M7!; Me too, true beast, such a great device: hopefully M10 will be a worthy upgrade for my lovely M7!
Divatech Solutions, 22 Nov 2015Battery problem solved. You just have to update your device to the latest version 5.0.2, Softw... moreHow to update htc one m7 there is no update available; How to update htc one m7 there is no update available
Almost 2016 and still using this beast.
 
 Even the battery is not good enough, but very comfy in hand.
 
 4.7 -5.0 is a perfect size for SMARTPHONE
 
 ain't gonna change it now, still waiting for the successor of M9; Almost 2016 and still using this beast.; Even the battery is not good enough, but very comfy in hand.; 4.7 -5.0 is a perfect size for SMARTPHONE; ain't gonna change it now, still waiting for the successor of M9
No regrets with this phone.; No regrets with this phone.
Stevie, 21 Nov 2015Nah I just didn't enjoy lollipop. Found my phone was lagging more & battery did drop somew... moreLollipop has been one of Androids worst releases ,either KitKat or Marshmallow better.; Lollipop has been one of Androids worst releases ,either KitKat or Marshmallow better.
boyatwar, 21 Nov 2015first of all i would call it worst and poorest phone of all phones.i am using it for a year an... moreProbably you never had such a handy! You don't know what are you talking about :) You wish to have it ...; Probably you never had such a handy! You don't know what are you talking about :) You wish to have it ...
Battery problem solved. You just have to update your device to the latest version 5.0.2, Software number 7.19.401.30. After update, overheating and battery problem is fixed. Always make sure you are up to date.; Battery problem solved. You just have to update your device to the latest version 5.0.2, Software number 7.19.401.30. After update, overheating and battery problem is fixed. Always make sure you are up to date.
first of all i would call it worst and poorest phone of all phones.i am using it for a year and i get only its drawbacks ..
 -battery is very very very worst 
 -slowest charging
 -slow performance
 -not too responsive
 i dont hate it ,i hatest it ...thinking to switch to iphone; first of all i would call it worst and poorest phone of all phones.i am using it for a year and i get only its drawbacks ..; -battery is very very very worst; -slowest charging; -slow performance; -not too responsive; i dont hate it ,i hatest it ...thinking to switch to iphone
BCM7, 19 Nov 2015I think you are a very very light user who leaving the phone most of the time standby... Nah I just didn't enjoy lollipop. Found my phone was lagging more & battery did drop somewhat so decided to downgrade back to kitkat. Yeah depends how heavy I use it, generally speaking it lasts a bit over a day with moderate usage; Nah I just didn't enjoy lollipop. Found my phone was lagging more & battery did drop somewhat so decided to downgrade back to kitkat. Yeah depends how heavy I use it, generally speaking it lasts a bit over a day with moderate usage
You have to update to the latest version and battery problem is solved! Also, turn on battery saver.; You have to update to the latest version and battery problem is solved! Also, turn on battery saver.
Nzuki, 20 Nov 2015This battery life is the poorest. When i wake up in the morning : I charge it to full capacity... moreYou have to update to the latest version and battery problem is solved!; You have to update to the latest version and battery problem is solved!
This battery life is the poorest. When i wake up in the morning : I charge it to full capacity: 100% but the consumption rate is 16.67% per hour; This battery life is the poorest. When i wake up in the morning : I charge it to full capacity: 100% but the consumption rate is 16.67% per hour
Stevie, 19 Nov 2015Dunno how that's so cause it's 5pm now & I'm on 65%. Took it off in the morning. Maybe you... moreI think you are a very very light user who leaving the phone most of the time standby...; I think you are a very very light user who leaving the phone most of the time standby...
H4X, 18 Nov 2015M7's battery is weak... if you online all the time, it might not last for 1 whole day & yo... moreDunno how that's so cause it's 5pm now & I'm on 65%. Took it off in the morning. Maybe your batterys faulty & needs replacing; Dunno how that's so cause it's 5pm now & I'm on 65%. Took it off in the morning. Maybe your batterys faulty & needs replacing
Pokk_Marr, 16 Nov 2015Hello guys,i considering to buy one of this soon (actually want to buy a M8,but had to cut som... morei have had this phone for a year now and honestly if its battery life you are searching for this is not the phone for you, i need too charge mine atleast once a day and im only using it for maybe 2-3 hours total; i have had this phone for a year now and honestly if its battery life you are searching for this is not the phone for you, i need too charge mine atleast once a day and im only using it for maybe 2-3 hours total
Pokk_Marr, 16 Nov 2015Hello guys,i considering to buy one of this soon (actually want to buy a M8,but had to cut som... moreM7's battery is weak... if you online all the time, it might not last for 1 whole day & you need a portable power bank... M8 is more power efficient & battery last much longer...; M7's battery is weak... if you online all the time, it might not last for 1 whole day & you need a portable power bank... M8 is more power efficient & battery last much longer...
using since June 2013.
 what a brilliant phone!! in all class - size / build / ease of use!!
 only camera sucks!!!; using since June 2013.; what a brilliant phone!! in all class - size / build / ease of use!!; only camera sucks!!!
Hello guys,i considering to buy one of this soon (actually want to buy a M8,but had to cut some cost)..how long the battery could stand for a medium usage.? i'm not really a gamer,media pack lover,just for browsing and social apps such as whatsapp,instagram and so on..I'm aiming M7 becuz the different not very far with M8,from price to specs there not huge gap between these two,so help me,by share your thought,suggestion and experience about this awesome device..; Hello guys,i considering to buy one of this soon (actually want to buy a M8,but had to cut some cost)..how long the battery could stand for a medium usage.? i'm not really a gamer,media pack lover,just for browsing and social apps such as whatsapp,instagram and so on..I'm aiming M7 becuz the different not very far with M8,from price to specs there not huge gap between these two,so help me,by share your thought,suggestion and experience about this awesome device..
good and 9ce; good and 9ce
Lg g2 is a very great fone very good betry timing camera result 
 Much better then 
 S4
 M7
 Note 2; Lg g2 is a very great fone very good betry timing camera result; Much better then; S4; M7; Note 2
reman032, 05 Nov 2015galaxy S4 htc one M7, htc one E8 , LG G2 , asus zenfone 2 (4GB ram) which would be th... moreLg g2
 M8; Lg g2; M8
Just had mine,still feels,look and perform well after almost 3 years since launch.; Just had mine,still feels,look and perform well after almost 3 years since launch.
reman032, 05 Nov 2015galaxy S4 htc one M7, htc one E8 , LG G2 , asus zenfone 2 (4GB ram) which would be th... moreTo be honest, i don't know about S4, G2 & zenfone 2 because i never own them... but i'm using M7 & E8...by comparing these 2...E8 is better in terms of screen display, speakers sound, battery life & camera with higher megapixels can capture more details...; To be honest, i don't know about S4, G2 & zenfone 2 because i never own them... but i'm using M7 & E8...by comparing these 2...E8 is better in terms of screen display, speakers sound, battery life & camera with higher megapixels can capture more details...
Surprisingly enough,the m9 display is significantly worse compare to the m8 ,m7's ..; Surprisingly enough,the m9 display is significantly worse compare to the m8 ,m7's ..
reman032, 05 Nov 2015galaxy S4 htc one M7, htc one E8 , LG G2 , asus zenfone 2 (4GB ram) which would be th... morehtc one m7; htc one m7
galaxy S4 
 htc one M7, 
 htc one E8 , 
 LG G2 , 
 asus zenfone 2 (4GB ram)
 which would be the best for long time uses..?
 plz suggest me.; galaxy S4; htc one M7,; htc one E8 ,; LG G2 ,; asus zenfone 2 (4GB ram); which would be the best for long time uses..?; plz suggest me.
When I put my HTC One M7 on charge the battery percentage stuck after few minutes and even after an hour or two it stays the same until I restart my phone and put it back on the charge, sometimes I have to repeat the process few times. Any solutions? is my phone's battery is finished? HELP.; When I put my HTC One M7 on charge the battery percentage stuck after few minutes and even after an hour or two it stays the same until I restart my phone and put it back on the charge, sometimes I have to repeat the process few times. Any solutions? is my phone's battery is finished? HELP.
It's not a Gorilla Glass.
 Developer version; It's not a Gorilla Glass.; Developer version
Totally Love It.....brilliant body design and sound output; Totally Love It.....brilliant body design and sound output
Has problem on sim cards and camera lenses. I bought this a year ago; Has problem on sim cards and camera lenses. I bought this a year ago
Battery problem fixes after consistent upgrade!; Battery problem fixes after consistent upgrade!
My HTC m7 is failling to lock focus during recording videos.The videos will be unstable and the sound of the focusing lens is heard in the video clips.; My HTC m7 is failling to lock focus during recording videos.The videos will be unstable and the sound of the focusing lens is heard in the video clips.
My 4n is failing lock camera focusing during taking videos .They willbe unstable and the lense fucusing sound is heard in the video clip.; My 4n is failing lock camera focusing during taking videos .They willbe unstable and the lense fucusing sound is heard in the video clip.
Keshav108a, 27 Oct 2015This page is for HTC One M7, dude.Yea ;))))))))))))))); Yea ;)))))))))))))))
cj, 24 Oct 2015hello frnds...plz help me...my phone battery backup is so poor .....every 2mnit 1% charge down... moreI disable HTC service pack everytime and it makes a little difference. Also kill other unwanted processes running in the background. You can also try clearing the cache by switching off your mobile. Wait for 5 seconds. Press the Volume down key and then press the power button. Keep pressing and when the boot up screen shows up, chose recovery. Wait again, then after you see Clear partition cache, use your volume button to scroll up or down and power button to choose. Google it for more clarifications.; I disable HTC service pack everytime and it makes a little difference. Also kill other unwanted processes running in the background. You can also try clearing the cache by switching off your mobile. Wait for 5 seconds. Press the Volume down key and then press the power button. Keep pressing and when the boot up screen shows up, chose recovery. Wait again, then after you see Clear partition cache, use your volume button to scroll up or down and power button to choose. Google it for more clarifications.
Anonymous, 26 Oct 2015Hi All, HTC Desire 616 is the worst cell phone i have ever used. Battery problem started in a ... moreThis page is for HTC One M7, dude.; This page is for HTC One M7, dude.
Excellent smartphone.Speedy browsing, Nice camera resulting in photo prints, sounds good, highly clear voice on earphone, Simply HTC One M7 rocks !!!; Excellent smartphone.Speedy browsing, Nice camera resulting in photo prints, sounds good, highly clear voice on earphone, Simply HTC One M7 rocks !!!
Hi All, HTC Desire 616 is the worst cell phone i have ever used. Battery problem started in a months time and there is no one to help you properly in service centre and neither the call centre people are help full. I will never recommend anyone to by this cellphone and worst product with service. I have been asking for product replacement or resolve the battery issue on permanent basis but no help. Once i went to service centre and they took almost 20 days to rectify it but yes again started getting same problem and no one responses.; Hi All, HTC Desire 616 is the worst cell phone i have ever used. Battery problem started in a months time and there is no one to help you properly in service centre and neither the call centre people are help full. I will never recommend anyone to by this cellphone and worst product with service. I have been asking for product replacement or resolve the battery issue on permanent basis but no help. Once i went to service centre and they took almost 20 days to rectify it but yes again started getting same problem and no one responses.
hello frnds...plz help me...my phone battery backup is so poor .....every 2mnit 1% charge down.....any one face same problam??????
 help me.....
 how much time your battery backup???; hello frnds...plz help me...my phone battery backup is so poor .....every 2mnit 1% charge down.....any one face same problam??????; help me.....; how much time your battery backup???
hello frnds...plz help me...my phone battery backup is so poor .....every 2mnit 1% charge down.....any one face same problam??????
 help me.....
 how much time your battery backup???; hello frnds...plz help me...my phone battery backup is so poor .....every 2mnit 1% charge down.....any one face same problam??????; help me.....; how much time your battery backup???
Hjjjjj, 13 Oct 20154 mega pixel are you kidding me ?????!?!?!?!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?It's ULTRA pixels. they catch more details somehow. sheesh. >.>; It's ULTRA pixels. they catch more details somehow. sheesh. >.>
LJ, 21 Oct 2015Lot of people have explained to me about HTC phones. I want to use the HTC one black, but the... moreIt's very simple. aside from the M9 series. HTC implemented HUGE pixels (2 um) inside their camera, calling it ULTRApixels. and to fix over the low res. (horrible 4 MP! D: )they made the sensor itseld do great images. I've done comperations between S4 and HTC one M7 and frankly? the image are roughly the same quality!; It's very simple. aside from the M9 series. HTC implemented HUGE pixels (2 um) inside their camera, calling it ULTRApixels. and to fix over the low res. (horrible 4 MP! D: )they made the sensor itseld do great images. I've done comperations between S4 and HTC one M7 and frankly? the image are roughly the same quality!
my htc is not update.plz help; my htc is not update.plz help
Lot of people have explained to me about HTC phones.
 I want to use the HTC one black, but the camera MP is not high as compare to Samsung Galaxy S4 and S6 please give me reasons.; Lot of people have explained to me about HTC phones.; I want to use the HTC one black, but the camera MP is not high as compare to Samsung Galaxy S4 and S6 please give me reasons.
I bought this phone yesterday.....i m a HTC USER...I cant explain how relax I am.........perfect in all aspects,,,one rox; I bought this phone yesterday.....i m a HTC USER...I cant explain how relax I am.........perfect in all aspects,,,one rox
my phone camera is upside down and doesn't rotate the screen what might be the problem; my phone camera is upside down and doesn't rotate the screen what might be the problem
thinks for all information; thinks for all information
dude its 4 ultra megapixel. open your eyes wide open and see it!!; dude its 4 ultra megapixel. open your eyes wide open and see it!!
Battery problam, 22 Aug 2015hello frends, i'm facing battery problam.... i charged 5.30hrs & Backup performance ju... moreYes bro I am facing same problem but my device battery backup is very Good.but my device taking long long time to fully charged..May b 7 r 8 hours...to 100%.; Yes bro I am facing same problem but my device battery backup is very Good.but my device taking long long time to fully charged..May b 7 r 8 hours...to 100%.
rama69, 13 Oct 2015I have a htc one m7 i have a problem after i update my os official.. any i can try my video m... moreTry to do a "clear cache partition" first... if problem persist, then do a backup & factory reset...; Try to do a "clear cache partition" first... if problem persist, then do a backup & factory reset...
4 mega pixel are you kidding me ?????!?!?!?!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?; 4 mega pixel are you kidding me ?????!?!?!?!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?
If u are going to buy htc then buy one another mobile for substitute because it takes minimum 15 days in service center.; If u are going to buy htc then buy one another mobile for substitute because it takes minimum 15 days in service center.
If u are going to buy htc then buy one another mobile for substitute because it takes minimum 15 days in service center.; If u are going to buy htc then buy one another mobile for substitute because it takes minimum 15 days in service center.
Anonymous, 27 Sep 2015Trouble with the latest update to lollipopI have trouble after i up; I have trouble after i up
I have a htc one m7 i have a problem after i update my os official.. any i can try my video my phone reboot .. please tell me a solution about my phone i really like this phone i hope any solution fot my problem; I have a htc one m7 i have a problem after i update my os official.. any i can try my video my phone reboot .. please tell me a solution about my phone i really like this phone i hope any solution fot my problem
I got this phone 1year +, and what i can tell, 
 There is something next to you can not ignore, a camera that almost every model is broken and does pink pictures, this is a joke from the HTC site.
 The flagship of this defect. Unfortunately, the only way to fix the camera, you should spread your phone, and get to the camera and alone to fix it (manny services dont repair it, dunno why).
 advantages:
 a quick phone,
 comfortable in the hand
 cons
 HTC and updates perishable phone
 The camera
 rating 7/10; I got this phone 1year +, and what i can tell,; There is something next to you can not ignore, a camera that almost every model is broken and does pink pictures, this is a joke from the HTC site.; The flagship of this defect. Unfortunately, the only way to fix the camera, you should spread your phone, and get to the camera and alone to fix it (manny services dont repair it, dunno why).; advantages:; a quick phone,; comfortable in the hand; cons; HTC and updates perishable phone; The camera; rating 7/10
my phone while starting started unsuccessful start continuously resulting in phone getting hot till it completely drain the battery ...even after several hours of emptied out the battery again charged and restarted it again going to the same state.
 pl. give the reason and remedy if any body know it is htc one bought in 2013.; my phone while starting started unsuccessful start continuously resulting in phone getting hot till it completely drain the battery ...even after several hours of emptied out the battery again charged and restarted it again going to the same state.; pl. give the reason and remedy if any body know it is htc one bought in 2013.
Htc mobiles are most classic mobiles i have ever seen......but you need to give updation to lolipop android versions.........desire626 Gplus; Htc mobiles are most classic mobiles i have ever seen......but you need to give updation to lolipop android versions.........desire626 Gplus
difficult to update to the latest version; difficult to update to the latest version
how to open htc one; how to open htc one
Trouble with the latest update to lollipop; Trouble with the latest update to lollipop
Trouble with the latest update to lollipop; Trouble with the latest update to lollipop
Camera is not working properly in low light; Camera is not working properly in low light
mkl, 24 Sep 2015Any other who has discovered poor battery life since update to lollipop? Now it only lasts for... moreYou need to do a "clear cache partition" after update of Android system.. if not, your phone will heat up & battery will drain fast..; You need to do a "clear cache partition" after update of Android system.. if not, your phone will heat up & battery will drain fast..
nottiee, 22 Sep 2015yes i got . automatically restarting after update. r u ecperiencing the same? please help me Yes.. It's working fine.. battery drains lesser than ever before....; Yes.. It's working fine.. battery drains lesser than ever before....
Any other who has discovered poor battery life since update to lollipop? Now it only lasts for  a day. It's in battery safe mode and I am not a hard core user. Just some facebook, websurf and a few calls. I have got 2 diffenrent M7's which has the same weakness.; Any other who has discovered poor battery life since update to lollipop? Now it only lasts for  a day. It's in battery safe mode and I am not a hard core user. Just some facebook, websurf and a few calls. I have got 2 diffenrent M7's which has the same weakness.
I have loved the HTC One experience since late 2013. No complaints here. Better than the rest and sturdiest of them all.; I have loved the HTC One experience since late 2013. No complaints here. Better than the rest and sturdiest of them all.
HTC 6500 is Dual sim or single sim????; HTC 6500 is Dual sim or single sim????
Is this htc one 32gb supported OTG; Is this htc one 32gb supported OTG
Recently I can not delet call history & messages. I follow the instruction to delet somthing , but finally dosent accept my delet option. please help me; Recently I can not delet call history & messages. I follow the instruction to delet somthing , but finally dosent accept my delet option. please help me
Recently I can not delet call history & messages. I follow the instruction to delet somthing , but finally dosent accept my delet option. please help me; Recently I can not delet call history & messages. I follow the instruction to delet somthing , but finally dosent accept my delet option. please help me
The 6500LTE, is the LTE model... search the brother Google :); The 6500LTE, is the LTE model... search the brother Google :)
PM, 17 Sep 2015Anyone got update 7.25.771.300? Is that Marshmallow?yes i got .
 automatically restarting after update.
 r u ecperiencing the same?
 please help me; yes i got .; automatically restarting after update.; r u ecperiencing the same?; please help me
22.09.15 got that update for my HTC One M7.
 my mobile totally gone.
 Not working itself.
 every 3 minutes automatically restarting .
 please someone give me suggestion for this problem; 22.09.15 got that update for my HTC One M7.; my mobile totally gone.; Not working itself.; every 3 minutes automatically restarting .; please someone give me suggestion for this problem
what is the diff. between HTC 6500 & HTC 6500lvw; what is the diff. between HTC 6500 & HTC 6500lvw
PM, 17 Sep 2015Anyone got update 7.25.771.300? Is that Marshmallow?No.; No.
Does this support 4G in India and Singapore? LTE Band 3 (1800); Does this support 4G in India and Singapore? LTE Band 3 (1800)
The only shitty thing about this phone besides battery life is back camera, for me it won't focus when taking a pic of text or something up close...it's probably a faulty camera or smth besides that AMAZING :); The only shitty thing about this phone besides battery life is back camera, for me it won't focus when taking a pic of text or something up close...it's probably a faulty camera or smth besides that AMAZING :)
parveen rah, 03 Jul 2015Best phone HTC one m7 amazing sound with beats audio Agree with you! M8 sounds so lifeless compared to the M7!; Agree with you! M8 sounds so lifeless compared to the M7!
Good phone in specs and features. The design is wow and its no wonder that iPhone 6 is its clone. The only problem is that the battery drains as fast as i type. Does the update to android 5 solve the battery problem?; Good phone in specs and features. The design is wow and its no wonder that iPhone 6 is its clone. The only problem is that the battery drains as fast as i type. Does the update to android 5 solve the battery problem?
Anyone got update 7.25.771.300? Is that Marshmallow?; Anyone got update 7.25.771.300? Is that Marshmallow?
It was very bad experience with htc. They have very poor hardware even htc itself does not have trust on their hardware. Let me know you my htc experience.
 
 I had bought htc desire x. htc gives one year warranty but their phone gives an problem with their wifi and hotspot. I had given to the service center and they replaced the mother board and gave 3 months extended warrenty and after 3.5 months later the camera stopped working and again they asked to replace the mother board with the price of Rs.6500/- and current value of htc desire x in market was only Rs.4000/- and again they can give just 3 months warranty of mother board. So finaly they have 3rd class hardware worst than chinese mobile phones. Shame on you guys (HTC).
 
 To spend so much money on htc is foolish thing if we do.&#65279;; It was very bad experience with htc. They have very poor hardware even htc itself does not have trust on their hardware. Let me know you my htc experience.; I had bought htc desire x. htc gives one year warranty but their phone gives an problem with their wifi and hotspot. I had given to the service center and they replaced the mother board and gave 3 months extended warrenty and after 3.5 months later the camera stopped working and again they asked to replace the mother board with the price of Rs.6500/- and current value of htc desire x in market was only Rs.4000/- and again they can give just 3 months warranty of mother board. So finaly they have 3rd class hardware worst than chinese mobile phones. Shame on you guys (HTC).; To spend so much money on htc is foolish thing if we do.&#65279;
Rick, 15 Sep 2015Mine was given to me. I want to buy a case for it. How do i know if its a M7, or M9 etc. Are t... moreM7, M8, and M9 are all different dimensions. I have a nice Diztronic case. Search Amazon for "Diztronic HTC One (2013)." That is the case for the M7. GL; M7, M8, and M9 are all different dimensions. I have a nice Diztronic case. Search Amazon for "Diztronic HTC One (2013)." That is the case for the M7. GL
Mine was given to me. I want to buy a case for it. How do i know if its a M7, or M9 etc. Are they all the same dimensions?; Mine was given to me. I want to buy a case for it. How do i know if its a M7, or M9 etc. Are they all the same dimensions?
awesome phone but doesn't detect sim; awesome phone but doesn't detect sim
Merchant, 28 Aug 2015I have been used htc one m7 at least 2 years... It is the best phone like others... But recent... moreIf u have m7 night time shoot the pics comes pink
 ok its pink issue ur replace the rear camera solve the issue; If u have m7 night time shoot the pics comes pink; ok its pink issue ur replace the rear camera solve the issue
great phone. any app or game works fine on it. but the battery life........sucks.; great phone. any app or game works fine on it. but the battery life........sucks.
blatter z very weak thou the phone. z new jst a montj; blatter z very weak thou the phone. z new jst a montj
well i have to say it's a good phone
 
 some little problems with the battery life if you are using yotube a lot or recording video 
 
 and another big problem is with the pdf and docx files if you are using it for office it's not a great succes.; well i have to say it's a good phone; some little problems with the battery life if you are using yotube a lot or recording video; and another big problem is with the pdf and docx files if you are using it for office it's not a great succes.
shine, 31 Aug 2015i m unable to login my facebook and messenger bothPlease reinstall the apps. It worked fine for me.; Please reinstall the apps. It worked fine for me.
Anonymous, 26 Aug 2015I bought this phone just recently and i've got the problem with my htc one m7. The thing is wh... moreJust grab a stock rom and flash it using a custom recovery. Somehow your firmware must of corrupted & a simple solution is to overwrite it; Just grab a stock rom and flash it using a custom recovery. Somehow your firmware must of corrupted & a simple solution is to overwrite it
got a new update for 197MB in India.; got a new update for 197MB in India.
i m unable to login my facebook and messenger both; i m unable to login my facebook and messenger both
abdul baseer khan, 29 Aug 2015I Abdul baseer khan who purchased a htc phone on 31st july 2015 on 10th I attended my brothe... moreI feel sorry for your bad experience with HTC... but if HTC had set such a replacement policy, their staffs have no choice but to follow the policy, you can't blame them... anyway, if your phone is still under 1 year warranty, they'll repair for you free of charge... i got mine M7 repaired in Dec 2013 (camera part for the purple tint issue) & until now still using... still working like a charm!; I feel sorry for your bad experience with HTC... but if HTC had set such a replacement policy, their staffs have no choice but to follow the policy, you can't blame them... anyway, if your phone is still under 1 year warranty, they'll repair for you free of charge... i got mine M7 repaired in Dec 2013 (camera part for the purple tint issue) & until now still using... still working like a charm!
I Abdul baseer khan who purchased a htc phone on 31st july 2015 
 on 10th I attended my brothers marriage on 11 in a village far from city.
 
 In marriage my phone got dead and due to marriage i was not able to make it 
 
 and htc service center and the customer service people are telling that the phone got dead after 15 days and acourding to the policy it cannot be replaced 
 
 i tell the phone was bought to the service center 17th day but it got dead by 11th day how rude a person spends his hard earned money 18000/- and puts in a phone which gets shut in just 11 days and he is not even getting replaced instead repair
 
 i pleaded the customer support people for a replacement hundreds times still the same repair 
 
 This kind of service is not accepted and when I go to service center already there is tons of people who are having the same problem with all the hand sets 
 
 that means the service of HTC and the product is also not correct 
 
 hence i am never going to buy product ever 
 
 and my curse to this company will shatter the company.; I Abdul baseer khan who purchased a htc phone on 31st july 2015; on 10th I attended my brothers marriage on 11 in a village far from city.; In marriage my phone got dead and due to marriage i was not able to make it; and htc service center and the customer service people are telling that the phone got dead after 15 days and acourding to the policy it cannot be replaced; i tell the phone was bought to the service center 17th day but it got dead by 11th day how rude a person spends his hard earned money 18000/- and puts in a phone which gets shut in just 11 days and he is not even getting replaced instead repair; i pleaded the customer support people for a replacement hundreds times still the same repair; This kind of service is not accepted and when I go to service center already there is tons of people who are having the same problem with all the hand sets; that means the service of HTC and the product is also not correct; hence i am never going to buy product ever; and my curse to this company will shatter the company.
I love this phone....htc is the best; I love this phone....htc is the best
I have been used htc one m7 at least 2 years... It is the best phone like others... But recently i have fixed some problems... My phone is so heat & battery geting low quickly... Sometimes when the battery percentage below 15% then my phone suddenly shut down immedietly... Others problem is more boredom.... My back camera in the day time is really excellent but the night time the camera holding a pink colour... & capture is too weedy... That is boredom for me at this time...
 Plz friends help me to this annoying problems who knows that very well & helped me to solve my problems...; I have been used htc one m7 at least 2 years... It is the best phone like others... But recently i have fixed some problems... My phone is so heat & battery geting low quickly... Sometimes when the battery percentage below 15% then my phone suddenly shut down immedietly... Others problem is more boredom.... My back camera in the day time is really excellent but the night time the camera holding a pink colour... & capture is too weedy... That is boredom for me at this time...; Plz friends help me to this annoying problems who knows that very well & helped me to solve my problems...
I have been used htc one m7 at least 2 years... It is the best phone like others... But recently i have fixed some problems... My phone is so heat & battery geting low quickly... Sometimes when the battery percentage below 15% then my phone suddenly shut down immedietly... Others problem is more boredom.... My back camera in the day time is really excellent but the night time the camera holding a pink colour... & capture is too weedy... That is boredom for me at this time...
 Plz friends help me to this annoying problems who knows that very well & helped me to solve my problems...; I have been used htc one m7 at least 2 years... It is the best phone like others... But recently i have fixed some problems... My phone is so heat & battery geting low quickly... Sometimes when the battery percentage below 15% then my phone suddenly shut down immedietly... Others problem is more boredom.... My back camera in the day time is really excellent but the night time the camera holding a pink colour... & capture is too weedy... That is boredom for me at this time...; Plz friends help me to this annoying problems who knows that very well & helped me to solve my problems...
devendra khatri, 24 Aug 2015worst service by htc ...... thee time i send my phone to service center but problem is still n... moreWhy? Just... Why? Are you that stupid? Do you think the world revolves around you? I have this phone for nearly a year and a half and I NEVER had any problems with it. Why? Because I know how to keep it well. Just because you come and complain here like a little *****, that doesn't mean everyone should listen to you because it is clearly your time of the month.; Why? Just... Why? Are you that stupid? Do you think the world revolves around you? I have this phone for nearly a year and a half and I NEVER had any problems with it. Why? Because I know how to keep it well. Just because you come and complain here like a little *****, that doesn't mean everyone should listen to you because it is clearly your time of the month.
HTC 816 G dual sim mobile are problems in Bluetooth and Wi-Fi signal is very weak; HTC 816 G dual sim mobile are problems in Bluetooth and Wi-Fi signal is very weak
sk Russell, 26 Aug 2015I used this since 1 year.its battery drains first and get overhitting.good thinking is to buy ... moreBuying samsung is a bad idea. HTC has more to offer, a range of better products allround.; Buying samsung is a bad idea. HTC has more to offer, a range of better products allround.
I used this since 1 year.its battery drains first and get overhitting.good thinking is to buy samsung; I used this since 1 year.its battery drains first and get overhitting.good thinking is to buy samsung
I bought this phone just recently and i've got the problem with my htc one m7. The thing is when i start the phone it will on , it shows htc logo after that it just stays on black bright screen. Nothing works in it hard reset , recovery mode nothing.... 
 I do like this phone better than other android devices... So i need help with this problem....; I bought this phone just recently and i've got the problem with my htc one m7. The thing is when i start the phone it will on , it shows htc logo after that it just stays on black bright screen. Nothing works in it hard reset , recovery mode nothing....; I do like this phone better than other android devices... So i need help with this problem....
htc is the best...; htc is the best...
Hi Guys
 Please help me about choosing a phome
 Should i go for Htc One m7 or Motorola moto x 2013..???; Hi Guys; Please help me about choosing a phome; Should i go for Htc One m7 or Motorola moto x 2013..???
worst service by htc ...... thee time i send my phone to service center but problem is still not solved ...... 
 i will newer suggest anyone to buy htc; worst service by htc ...... thee time i send my phone to service center but problem is still not solved ......; i will newer suggest anyone to buy htc
Htc Lover, 18 Aug 2015Can i upgrade my HTC One directly from jellybean to lollipop?? im wishing to buy this phone so... moreno you can't you have to install all the jelly bean and kit kat update first before the lollipop update and btw i receive the stagefright update friday afternoon for my M7 in french gyuana; no you can't you have to install all the jelly bean and kit kat update first before the lollipop update and btw i receive the stagefright update friday afternoon for my M7 in french gyuana
hello frends,
 
 i'm facing battery problam....
 i charged 5.30hrs & Backup performance just 4hrs..
 so this is a bigest problam...
 
 ANY ONE FACING SAME PROBLAM??
 plz tl me fnds...; hello frends,; i'm facing battery problam....; i charged 5.30hrs & Backup performance just 4hrs..; so this is a bigest problam...; ANY ONE FACING SAME PROBLAM??; plz tl me fnds...
Anonymous, 21 Aug 2015Guys does every one m7 have the same camera issue? And should I buy this phone? I am looking f... moreI suggest u go for HTC One M8.. faster processor, better sound, longer battery, duo camera (& no purple tint!).. its a great phone & u won't regret..; I suggest u go for HTC One M8.. faster processor, better sound, longer battery, duo camera (& no purple tint!).. its a great phone & u won't regret..
Guys does every one m7 have the same camera issue? And should I buy this phone? I am looking for sound display and fluid lag free UI. Thanks.; Guys does every one m7 have the same camera issue? And should I buy this phone? I am looking for sound display and fluid lag free UI. Thanks.
Can i upgrade my HTC One directly from jellybean to lollipop?? im wishing to buy this phone so can i go straight upto lollipop??; Can i upgrade my HTC One directly from jellybean to lollipop?? im wishing to buy this phone so can i go straight upto lollipop??
The camera purple tint is a well known issue for more than 2 years by now... it's a hardware issue (so don't hope that software update can solve it!)... the only solution is - send back to the nearest HTC service centre! If your device is still under warranty, HTC will replace the camera part for free, otherwise you need to pay for it...; The camera purple tint is a well known issue for more than 2 years by now... it's a hardware issue (so don't hope that software update can solve it!)... the only solution is - send back to the nearest HTC service centre! If your device is still under warranty, HTC will replace the camera part for free, otherwise you need to pay for it...
Tom, 27 Jul 2015HTC one M7 is such a useless and overpriced phone, have been using it for less than 2 years no... moreBruh, I Am Having The Same Issue As Yours But Don't Know How To Go About It, Though I Just Got Mine Today And Found Out That The Camera Is Bad In Poor Condition As You Had Related It here, Either Reddish Or Kind Of Irritating Colour After Snapping With It. What Do You Advice I Do Pls, My Is Just A Day Old, Though It's A Used One And It's Driving Me Crazy Just Simply Bcos I just Bought Today And To Have Discovered The Problem Immediately, Makes It More Annoying. #PlsHelpMeOut; Bruh, I Am Having The Same Issue As Yours But Don't Know How To Go About It, Though I Just Got Mine Today And Found Out That The Camera Is Bad In Poor Condition As You Had Related It here, Either Reddish Or Kind Of Irritating Colour After Snapping With It. What Do You Advice I Do Pls, My Is Just A Day Old, Though It's A Used One And It's Driving Me Crazy Just Simply Bcos I just Bought Today And To Have Discovered The Problem Immediately, Makes It More Annoying. #PlsHelpMeOut
How Can One Fix The Pink Colour Stuff On The Camera, As In, I Am Always Getting Redish Pictures Anytime I Snapped With The Primary Camera. Anyone With How To Solve This Issue? Just Bought The Phone Today And Started Noticing All This S***t, Likewise, The Screen Light Is Also Dimming Itself Without Me Taking Off My Hands Or My Eyes Off It. Pls Anyone With Better Ideas On How To Tackle The Issue, Pls.; How Can One Fix The Pink Colour Stuff On The Camera, As In, I Am Always Getting Redish Pictures Anytime I Snapped With The Primary Camera. Anyone With How To Solve This Issue? Just Bought The Phone Today And Started Noticing All This S***t, Likewise, The Screen Light Is Also Dimming Itself Without Me Taking Off My Hands Or My Eyes Off It. Pls Anyone With Better Ideas On How To Tackle The Issue, Pls.
digitaliyke, 14 Aug 2015It's a good phone, save the camera issue. Camera just started showing purple tint. Don't know ... moreCall HTC and they will fix it free of charge due to it being their fsult. I got mine fixed free of charge by HTC so have a try.; Call HTC and they will fix it free of charge due to it being their fsult. I got mine fixed free of charge by HTC so have a try.
sanu, 16 Aug 2015camera just 4mp but so nice ......so heating problam.......any one face same problam????Yes I am facing the same heating problem; Yes I am facing the same heating problem
camera just 4mp but so nice ......so heating problam.......any one face same problam????; camera just 4mp but so nice ......so heating problam.......any one face same problam????
camera just 4mp but so nice ......so heating problam.......any one face same problam????; camera just 4mp but so nice ......so heating problam.......any one face same problam????
My M7 is approaching 2yrs old. Love it. Stil looks beautiful. I thought lack of SD card would be as problem but my concerns are unfounded. Battery is only now starting to show its age. Cameras focus would be my gripe. I genuinely cannot justify upgrading, although I'm trying to do so. For my next phone it will definitely be The One but please let them stare at my SILVER, not gold, phone. &#128512;; My M7 is approaching 2yrs old. Love it. Stil looks beautiful. I thought lack of SD card would be as problem but my concerns are unfounded. Battery is only now starting to show its age. Cameras focus would be my gripe. I genuinely cannot justify upgrading, although I'm trying to do so. For my next phone it will definitely be The One but please let them stare at my SILVER, not gold, phone. &#128512;
Anonymous, 12 Aug 2015I have a HTC one fine when first got it. In the last six months its been slow getting on to ne... moreU have to reset your htc and everything will be fine :); U have to reset your htc and everything will be fine :)
It's a good phone, save the camera issue. Camera just started showing purple tint. Don't know what to do about it. It's not like something hit the phone or that it fell. One moment it's okay, the next it's purple tinted and has remained so. Any help will be appreciated.; It's a good phone, save the camera issue. Camera just started showing purple tint. Don't know what to do about it. It's not like something hit the phone or that it fell. One moment it's okay, the next it's purple tinted and has remained so. Any help will be appreciated.
Anonymous, 12 Aug 2015I have a HTC one fine when first got it. In the last six months its been slow getting on to ne... moreFlash a bright light in your phones proximity sensor and hold on/off button. It will pop out a window saying the phone will reset in 3...2....1; I did that once, having same problems, and now the phone works fine.
 
 HTC One M7, 2 years old:); Flash a bright light in your phones proximity sensor and hold on/off button. It will pop out a window saying the phone will reset in 3...2....1; I did that once, having same problems, and now the phone works fine.; HTC One M7, 2 years old:)
Anonymous, 12 Aug 2015I have a HTC one fine when first got it. In the last six months its been slow getting on to ne... morehi reset the phone, that phone is better than Samsung; hi reset the phone, that phone is better than Samsung
I have a HTC one fine when first got it. In the last six months its been slow getting on to net then some times which now has happened in the last four days freezes can't turn on or turn off, can't answer calls .Can't call out, can't do anything with it all I have to do is let it run out of battery completely. Its a useless phone so now looking to go to another phone .; I have a HTC one fine when first got it. In the last six months its been slow getting on to net then some times which now has happened in the last four days freezes can't turn on or turn off, can't answer calls .Can't call out, can't do anything with it all I have to do is let it run out of battery completely. Its a useless phone so now looking to go to another phone .
enviouskeep, 07 Aug 2015The HTC one (M8) phone from my experience, is probably the worst phone that I have ever seen. ... moreThis is the M7 page.; This is the M7 page.
Guys Im a proud user of a One M7 and it's a fantastic &#128241; phone bought it 3 months ago, I would advise anyone to buy it, however make sure u buy protective pouch and screen protector because if u break the screen it costs around R2500 or more to replace it here in Johannesburg. 
 The battery life is better than that of a Samsung S4 don't let ppl fool u, would buy any Fone except HTC; Guys Im a proud user of a One M7 and it's a fantastic &#128241; phone bought it 3 months ago, I would advise anyone to buy it, however make sure u buy protective pouch and screen protector because if u break the screen it costs around R2500 or more to replace it here in Johannesburg.; The battery life is better than that of a Samsung S4 don't let ppl fool u, would buy any Fone except HTC
The HTC one (M8) phone from my experience, is probably the worst phone that I have ever seen. After going through three replacements in a matter of a few months, I gave up and switched to a different phone. The problems I encountered were extremely frustrating as neither of my HTC ones functioned properly for more then a couple of weeks. Two weeks after getting my first HTC one, which before that I was quite pleased by it although it was sometimes a bit complicated, the network started suddenly dropping even though I was in places that everyone else was getting network. Even if I had network, I would receive text messages days later all at once making communication almost impossible. I checked with my network provider and nothing was wrong with the networking, the problems were from the phone... I then bought a new one for someone in my family thinking that the one I had was just from a bad series, I was wrong. More problems this time involving, the phone not responding at sometimes and having to restart it to factory mode, the network doing the same stunt as my phone, the front camera inexplicably started having a purple tint which got so bad it was unusable. Then, not being able to switch to another phone with my contract at that moment, I had my old one replaced by, unfortunately, a new HTC one... After not even a week of having a brand new phone, it started shutting off and turning back on every five minutes and no matter what I did (factory reset, launching in safe mode, installing older android versions...) it would eventually keep on shutting down and starting up again... I threw that phone away immediately not wanting to deal with having to get another replacement. From my experiences, I repeat, HCT ones are the WORST phones anyone could possibly ever imagine of getting and I do not seem to be alone with having all these issues as I could estimate after spending an incredible amount of time on the internet that at least 50 % of users have at least one major problem with this phone. My advice to you, avoid at any cost of getting an HTC one. If people say that I just had a faulty series, the fact that having three different phones purchased at three different times and having problems in every one of them proved that wrong. HTC one phones are a nightmare and you should never consider of buying one.; The HTC one (M8) phone from my experience, is probably the worst phone that I have ever seen. After going through three replacements in a matter of a few months, I gave up and switched to a different phone. The problems I encountered were extremely frustrating as neither of my HTC ones functioned properly for more then a couple of weeks. Two weeks after getting my first HTC one, which before that I was quite pleased by it although it was sometimes a bit complicated, the network started suddenly dropping even though I was in places that everyone else was getting network. Even if I had network, I would receive text messages days later all at once making communication almost impossible. I checked with my network provider and nothing was wrong with the networking, the problems were from the phone... I then bought a new one for someone in my family thinking that the one I had was just from a bad series, I was wrong. More problems this time involving, the phone not responding at sometimes and having to restart it to factory mode, the network doing the same stunt as my phone, the front camera inexplicably started having a purple tint which got so bad it was unusable. Then, not being able to switch to another phone with my contract at that moment, I had my old one replaced by, unfortunately, a new HTC one... After not even a week of having a brand new phone, it started shutting off and turning back on every five minutes and no matter what I did (factory reset, launching in safe mode, installing older android versions...) it would eventually keep on shutting down and starting up again... I threw that phone away immediately not wanting to deal with having to get another replacement. From my experiences, I repeat, HCT ones are the WORST phones anyone could possibly ever imagine of getting and I do not seem to be alone with having all these issues as I could estimate after spending an incredible amount of time on the internet that at least 50 % of users have at least one major problem with this phone. My advice to you, avoid at any cost of getting an HTC one. If people say that I just had a faulty series, the fact that having three different phones purchased at three different times and having problems in every one of them proved that wrong. HTC one phones are a nightmare and you should never consider of buying one.
bshsbd, 27 Jul 2015Not sure why my HTC won't let me watch videos or even record videos. I do my understand why it... morefactory reset man!; factory reset man!
Anonymous, 28 Jul 2015I had mine also with no problems , so it is your problem ;Pyour problem never had one with mine. may be yours is GENERIC haha; your problem never had one with mine. may be yours is GENERIC haha
Akash, 02 Aug 2015I want to ask u about htc one M7 . Would u say that i shoud purchase it or not. B'coz i hv rea... morei had one and got stolen now i have a new HTC One, so of course is the best of HTC; i had one and got stolen now i have a new HTC One, so of course is the best of HTC
i had one got stolen, now a have a new one no regrets best model of the HTC One; i had one got stolen, now a have a new one no regrets best model of the HTC One
Akash, 02 Aug 2015I want to ask u about htc one M7 . Would u say that i shoud purchase it or not. B'coz i hv rea... morebuy it if you can, you won't regret.; buy it if you can, you won't regret.
have HTC ONE M7 model pn07110 with android 4.4.3,my question is what time to get android 5.0 lolipop.Please note we know anyone who has received this model and android 5.0; have HTC ONE M7 model pn07110 with android 4.4.3,my question is what time to get android 5.0 lolipop.Please note we know anyone who has received this model and android 5.0
Akash, 02 Aug 2015I want to ask u about htc one M7 . Would u say that i shoud purchase it or not. B'coz i hv rea... moreis good phone, see and test the camera, make a picture at night or in a dark environment, then depends on what price will pay for it.; is good phone, see and test the camera, make a picture at night or in a dark environment, then depends on what price will pay for it.
Anonymous, 03 Aug 2015Just 4mp?Hi, In camera features "mega pixel" is not important.
 you should notice to sensor size (1/3) that is very good. also pixel size is about two time bigger than other camera pixel size.; Hi, In camera features "mega pixel" is not important.; you should notice to sensor size (1/3) that is very good. also pixel size is about two time bigger than other camera pixel size.
Just 4mp?; Just 4mp?
I want to ask u about htc one M7 . Would u say that i shoud purchase it or not. B'coz i hv read some user's reviews & that are negative about htc one. So plz tell me what would u advice me.; I want to ask u about htc one M7 . Would u say that i shoud purchase it or not. B'coz i hv read some user's reviews & that are negative about htc one. So plz tell me what would u advice me.
i have HTC ONE M7 model pn07110 with android 4.4.3,my question is what time to get android 5.0 lolipop.; i have HTC ONE M7 model pn07110 with android 4.4.3,my question is what time to get android 5.0 lolipop.
I am litterally doing the same thing. I have had an HTC One M7 for 2ish years, and am getting an LG G4 tommorow. I am also selling my HTC for $200. We are blood brothers. We are one.; I am litterally doing the same thing. I have had an HTC One M7 for 2ish years, and am getting an LG G4 tommorow. I am also selling my HTC for $200. We are blood brothers. We are one.
Have had a 64gb developer edition m7 since launch. Great phone. No problems. Running AICP latest nightly 5.1.1, zero regrets. Upgrading to LG G4 soon and selling the m7 to a friend for $200.; Have had a 64gb developer edition m7 since launch. Great phone. No problems. Running AICP latest nightly 5.1.1, zero regrets. Upgrading to LG G4 soon and selling the m7 to a friend for $200.
I bought my M7 in Sept 2013 & still using now... other than the camera purple tint (which HTC solved for me FOC), I've no problem at all! Great design, solid build quality, nice screen, amazing speakers, smooth & stable UI (updated from 4.1 to 5.0)... even many complaining about the 4 ultra pixel camera, I like it! The only shortfall is battery... might not last for 1 whole day for heavy users...; I bought my M7 in Sept 2013 & still using now... other than the camera purple tint (which HTC solved for me FOC), I've no problem at all! Great design, solid build quality, nice screen, amazing speakers, smooth & stable UI (updated from 4.1 to 5.0)... even many complaining about the 4 ultra pixel camera, I like it! The only shortfall is battery... might not last for 1 whole day for heavy users...
Tom, 27 Jul 2015HTC one M7 is such a useless and overpriced phone, have been using it for less than 2 years no... moreI had mine also with no problems , so it is your problem ;P; I had mine also with no problems , so it is your problem ;P
HTC one M7 is such a useless and overpriced phone, have been using it for less than 2 years now. I thought there was something wrong with my camera as it could not focus on images beyond 3 feet and images turn purple or red in low light conditions. If you want to check your camera, turn it on and cover the lens in low light conditions,the display should show black colour, if its purple or red instead, then your camera has a manufacturing defect. So I had it sent to the service center and they returned the phone in 2 weeks saying the phone is perfectly fine(SURPRISE). I thought it was only mine but I go-ogled it and found there are thousands of other cases. I had a china phone worth 100 bucks with a better camera. Such a shame. HTC products NEVER recommended.; HTC one M7 is such a useless and overpriced phone, have been using it for less than 2 years now. I thought there was something wrong with my camera as it could not focus on images beyond 3 feet and images turn purple or red in low light conditions. If you want to check your camera, turn it on and cover the lens in low light conditions,the display should show black colour, if its purple or red instead, then your camera has a manufacturing defect. So I had it sent to the service center and they returned the phone in 2 weeks saying the phone is perfectly fine(SURPRISE). I thought it was only mine but I go-ogled it and found there are thousands of other cases. I had a china phone worth 100 bucks with a better camera. Such a shame. HTC products NEVER recommended.
Not sure why my HTC won't let me watch videos or even record videos. I do my understand why it's even doing it. How irritating.; Not sure why my HTC won't let me watch videos or even record videos. I do my understand why it's even doing it. How irritating.
I have this phone for 1 and half year. Bought a completely new from eBay. Almost from the beginning noticed 3 big problems: 1) screen jumps/bands/troubles when overheating - HTC refused to repair as I didn't buy from an official seller. 2) every impact - scratch remains seen as it's body is Aluminium with a thin black coating, 3) camera quality is too low for such device - probably related to unsuccessful ultrapixel technology. IN all other parameters the device is great.; I have this phone for 1 and half year. Bought a completely new from eBay. Almost from the beginning noticed 3 big problems: 1) screen jumps/bands/troubles when overheating - HTC refused to repair as I didn't buy from an official seller. 2) every impact - scratch remains seen as it's body is Aluminium with a thin black coating, 3) camera quality is too low for such device - probably related to unsuccessful ultrapixel technology. IN all other parameters the device is great.
charles , 21 Jul 2015HTC is just the worst phone brand that could ever exist, the screen is so sensitive that it do... moreType it slower, make people wait for your answer; Type it slower, make people wait for your answer
www, 14 Jul 2015than for ur reply. I only disagree with all of u who says HTC camera is good. I compared wit... moreso you wanna sell your phone as used for more than what you pay for new.come on its a Frekin device that dont hike value after you use it.. if you buy a ferrari for $1.5M then u use it for a month because u couldn't afford to maintain it then u wanna sold for like what,freakin $2m...made up your mind before you post man...; so you wanna sell your phone as used for more than what you pay for new.come on its a Frekin device that dont hike value after you use it.. if you buy a ferrari for $1.5M then u use it for a month because u couldn't afford to maintain it then u wanna sold for like what,freakin $2m...made up your mind before you post man...
charles , 21 Jul 2015HTC is just the worst phone brand that could ever exist, the screen is so sensitive that it do... moreWrong, it's the most sturdiest, durable device I've owned. I've dropped it on tiles, concrete multiple times. Only a few marks around the sides. Screen in flawless. About the letters I have no idea, I've had my one m7 for 2 years & still works great; Wrong, it's the most sturdiest, durable device I've owned. I've dropped it on tiles, concrete multiple times. Only a few marks around the sides. Screen in flawless. About the letters I have no idea, I've had my one m7 for 2 years & still works great
HTC is just the worst phone brand that could ever exist, the screen is so sensitive that it doesnt let you text without writing a bunch of letters!!!!!!!!; HTC is just the worst phone brand that could ever exist, the screen is so sensitive that it doesnt let you text without writing a bunch of letters!!!!!!!!
ultra pixels sucks... it's better to use normal 13MP; ultra pixels sucks... it's better to use normal 13MP
HTC one m9 32 gb cost in India is 25% cheaper than m8 16 gb .....M9 costs 39k m8 costs 48k ...never seen this type; HTC one m9 32 gb cost in India is 25% cheaper than m8 16 gb .....M9 costs 39k m8 costs 48k ...never seen this type
www, 16 Jul 2015what u mean by threw away? did I throw it in River? HTC itself moved from ultra pixel tech. ... morecorrection-
 HTC one m9 back camera
 20MP.; correction-; HTC one m9 back camera; 20MP.
Keshav108a, 16 Jul 2015Firstly, what is your rate? For how much did you sell yourself? The way you bash HTC seems lik... morewhat u mean by threw away?
 did I throw it in River?
 HTC itself moved from ultra pixel tech.
 HTC one M9 using 4 mp (ultra pixel) at front facing camera only..Rear camera using conventional 13mp.
 sorry if I hurt u.
 I don't want to proceed any conversion with u.
 Try to change ur manner..
 At least u r a human.; what u mean by threw away?; did I throw it in River?; HTC itself moved from ultra pixel tech.; HTC one M9 using 4 mp (ultra pixel) at front facing camera only..Rear camera using conventional 13mp.; sorry if I hurt u.; I don't want to proceed any conversion with u.; Try to change ur manner..; At least u r a human.
Shekc, 15 Jul 2015Will HTC One M7 get Lollipop 5.1....Please advise If you have the GPE version, then yes. Else, no.; If you have the GPE version, then yes. Else, no.
www, 14 Jul 2015than for ur reply. I only disagree with all of u who says HTC camera is good. I compared wit... moreFirstly, what is your rate? For how much did you sell yourself? The way you bash HTC seems like another brand bought you out!
 Secondly, you're a lousy liar. You said you threw the phone away after 3 days and now you say you sold it?
 Lastly, I had doubts you were mentally challenged but now you confirmed it. I never used the word LEGENDARY. I said I am realist. I know the HTC One is not perfect, and I was perfectly clear about that. 
 
 Seriously, people like you...; Firstly, what is your rate? For how much did you sell yourself? The way you bash HTC seems like another brand bought you out!; Secondly, you're a lousy liar. You said you threw the phone away after 3 days and now you say you sold it?; Lastly, I had doubts you were mentally challenged but now you confirmed it. I never used the word LEGENDARY. I said I am realist. I know the HTC One is not perfect, and I was perfectly clear about that.; Seriously, people like you...
Will HTC One M7 get Lollipop 5.1....Please advise; Will HTC One M7 get Lollipop 5.1....Please advise
www, 14 Jul 2015threshold level of satisfaction is subjective. if u r satisfied,then its good. Just read the... moreJust go to flickr & see how people snap great photos with HTC One M7... ask yourself why other people can do it & you can't... don't just blame your phone/camera for not taking good photos, bear in mind that skills play important role too... you used nokia for more than 1 year, so what?; Just go to flickr & see how people snap great photos with HTC One M7... ask yourself why other people can do it & you can't... don't just blame your phone/camera for not taking good photos, bear in mind that skills play important role too... you used nokia for more than 1 year, so what?
BC-M7, 14 Jul 2015What are you talking about? With HTC camera, you can adjust the ISO, EV, sharpness, saturation... morethreshold level of satisfaction is subjective.
 if u r satisfied,then its good.
 Just read the thread here,people r mourning with camera including gsmarena.
 And pls don't come to learn me manual setting as I have used Nokia lumia 1020 for 1 yr.
 thank u.; threshold level of satisfaction is subjective.; if u r satisfied,then its good.; Just read the thread here,people r mourning with camera including gsmarena.; And pls don't come to learn me manual setting as I have used Nokia lumia 1020 for 1 yr.; thank u.
www, 14 Jul 2015than for ur reply. I only disagree with all of u who says HTC camera is good. I compared wit... moreWhat are you talking about? With HTC camera, you can adjust the ISO, EV, sharpness, saturation, contrast etc... These are named - Manual settings! Just a few tricks, photos came out good enough (not the best but at least far from bad...); What are you talking about? With HTC camera, you can adjust the ISO, EV, sharpness, saturation, contrast etc... These are named - Manual settings! Just a few tricks, photos came out good enough (not the best but at least far from bad...)
Keshav108a, 14 Jul 2015OK. But why should I believe you over him? You sound like an ingrate person who used the phone... morethan for ur reply.
 I only disagree with all of u who says HTC camera is good.
 I compared with my previous experience & found I m not satisfied at all with it cam.
 Decent camera is a mandatory for a high end smartphone; u agree or not.
 And I sold my HTC one in online with little loss.
 OK.
 Be happy with ur legendary HTC one.
 Good bye.; than for ur reply.; I only disagree with all of u who says HTC camera is good.; I compared with my previous experience & found I m not satisfied at all with it cam.; Decent camera is a mandatory for a high end smartphone; u agree or not.; And I sold my HTC one in online with little loss.; OK.; Be happy with ur legendary HTC one.; Good bye.
www, 14 Jul 2015bro, pls try to be gentle. pls don't underestmate others.. I have used Note 2,Nokia pure vi... moreOK. But why should I believe you over him? You sound like an ingrate person who used the phone for only 3 days and threw it away. In my opinion, you should avoid making any assumptions based on your 3 days experience. I am using it for two years and never got any problem with it. I am a realistic person, I know this PHONE is not a PROFESSIONAL CAMERA, neither a BOOMBOX. Do yourself a favor, think well before writing. Don't be a joke.; OK. But why should I believe you over him? You sound like an ingrate person who used the phone for only 3 days and threw it away. In my opinion, you should avoid making any assumptions based on your 3 days experience. I am using it for two years and never got any problem with it. I am a realistic person, I know this PHONE is not a PROFESSIONAL CAMERA, neither a BOOMBOX. Do yourself a favor, think well before writing. Don't be a joke.
the_84_adrian, 13 Jul 2015Good phone, had it's share of trouble, but still good. Lollipop runs like a charm, camera is n... morebro,
 pls try to be gentle.
 pls don't underestmate others..
 I have used Note 2,Nokia pure view 808,Nokia lumia 1020,moto G, some Sony Ericsson models,iPhone 4s,HTC one,Now waiting for iPhone 5s.
 Honestly speaking ,HTC one camera is far inferior from any midrange mobile I guess.
 washed out colour,very bad contrast.
 only passable low light photography.
 screen is nowhere with Amoled screen,
 poorest sunlight legibility,,Batter charging takes 3hrs at least...
 Not astonishing boom sound either.
 Only good design and benchmark is not sufficient for smart mobility.
 PLS DONT INSPIRE PEOPLE TO BUY THIS SHIT.I THREW IT AFTER USING 3DAYS.; bro,; pls try to be gentle.; pls don't underestmate others..; I have used Note 2,Nokia pure view 808,Nokia lumia 1020,moto G, some Sony Ericsson models,iPhone 4s,HTC one,Now waiting for iPhone 5s.; Honestly speaking ,HTC one camera is far inferior from any midrange mobile I guess.; washed out colour,very bad contrast.; only passable low light photography.; screen is nowhere with Amoled screen,; poorest sunlight legibility,,Batter charging takes 3hrs at least...; Not astonishing boom sound either.; Only good design and benchmark is not sufficient for smart mobility.; PLS DONT INSPIRE PEOPLE TO BUY THIS SHIT.I THREW IT AFTER USING 3DAYS.
Good phone, had it's share of trouble, but still good. Lollipop runs like a charm, camera is not as bad as all these low-knowledge users around here will tell you (HDR feature particularly helpful). Use it as a satnav daily and work perfectly, very good gps reception. Screen is unexpectedly good and sound is ok for what it is. All in all, very pleased.; Good phone, had it's share of trouble, but still good. Lollipop runs like a charm, camera is not as bad as all these low-knowledge users around here will tell you (HDR feature particularly helpful). Use it as a satnav daily and work perfectly, very good gps reception. Screen is unexpectedly good and sound is ok for what it is. All in all, very pleased.
Very bed experience. Bettery . Camera.
 Just like a joke with customer; Very bed experience. Bettery . Camera.; Just like a joke with customer
Dear friends
 please do not buy HTC smartphones, camera defective and screen damage very fast. repairing cost is about the rate of new phone; Dear friends; please do not buy HTC smartphones, camera defective and screen damage very fast. repairing cost is about the rate of new phone
www, 10 Jul 2015I have got rid of HTC one. its camera is very very bad. Never Never buy this shit. Try to b... morelg g3; lg g3
I already bought this one twice. The first one is second handed in black, the signal bar is never shown up, then I returned it to the seller. I still curious about it, so I went for the second time in silver one, and now it works perfectly. I have Desire 816 dual as my working phone, so I will keep it as my 2nd phone. I think my curiosity about this phone is right. Today the price was cheap and still have a great performance. I like it.; I already bought this one twice. The first one is second handed in black, the signal bar is never shown up, then I returned it to the seller. I still curious about it, so I went for the second time in silver one, and now it works perfectly. I have Desire 816 dual as my working phone, so I will keep it as my 2nd phone. I think my curiosity about this phone is right. Today the price was cheap and still have a great performance. I like it.
I have got rid of HTC one.
 its camera is very very bad.
 Never Never buy this shit.
 Try to buy an all rounder phone.
 My next target-
 Lg G3
 iPhone 5S
 galaxy S 5.
 Any suggestion bro?; I have got rid of HTC one.; its camera is very very bad.; Never Never buy this shit.; Try to buy an all rounder phone.; My next target-; Lg G3; iPhone 5S; galaxy S 5.; Any suggestion bro?
Rob, 09 Jul 2015I have had this phone for over two years. At first I loved it but the camera is virtually usel... moreAh okey thex; Ah okey thex
Good camera ,good settings; Good camera ,good settings
Good camera ,good settings; Good camera ,good settings
I have had this phone for over two years. At first I loved it but the camera is virtually useless and takes the worst photos Ive ever seen. There is definately something wrong with its picture quality. I also had the entire phone crash and rebbot back to factory settings. As a result I lost everything because I didn't back the phone up. My own fault but WTF is with this phone. I was originally very happy with this phone but now I'm counting down the days to replace it.; I have had this phone for over two years. At first I loved it but the camera is virtually useless and takes the worst photos Ive ever seen. There is definately something wrong with its picture quality. I also had the entire phone crash and rebbot back to factory settings. As a result I lost everything because I didn't back the phone up. My own fault but WTF is with this phone. I was originally very happy with this phone but now I'm counting down the days to replace it.
have a HTC service center in Nepal?; have a HTC service center in Nepal?
Same here but it got fixed after the new game update from coc; Same here but it got fixed after the new game update from coc
Very pleased except the camera has a pink tinge - not good!; Very pleased except the camera has a pink tinge - not good!
www, 06 Jul 2015Finally bought HTC one what a awful Camera !!! who says best sound ? Take a iPhone 4s or... moreI installed the equalizer app to control the sound, hope it helps.; I installed the equalizer app to control the sound, hope it helps.
I have been using the HTC One for 2 years now. I work as a truck driver so sometimes the phone might fall on the ground from my pocket or I just trow it in the car. I had it with me on different traveling trips in Asia, so it had it's share of sun&sand. I burned 3 chargers but the phone is still working. Never been more satisfied with a mobile.
 
 BEST smart phone so far! I can't wait for the new HTC One ME to come out.; I have been using the HTC One for 2 years now. I work as a truck driver so sometimes the phone might fall on the ground from my pocket or I just trow it in the car. I had it with me on different traveling trips in Asia, so it had it's share of sun&sand. I burned 3 chargers but the phone is still working. Never been more satisfied with a mobile.; BEST smart phone so far! I can't wait for the new HTC One ME to come out.
Finally bought HTC one 
 what a awful Camera !!!
 who says best sound ?
 Take a iPhone 4s or 5S and feel the fat better sound.
 very Bed experience.; Finally bought HTC one; what a awful Camera !!!; who says best sound ?; Take a iPhone 4s or 5S and feel the fat better sound.; very Bed experience.
HTC one 2 years old but best phone sound quality is brilliant; HTC one 2 years old but best phone sound quality is brilliant
my phone are having to problems with a back camera it have a purple lines wenn i pictures every time but the phone is awesome you can play any game and watching any video its much faster and easyer to use o and never get buy huawei ascend y300 its a shit of phone; my phone are having to problems with a back camera it have a purple lines wenn i pictures every time but the phone is awesome you can play any game and watching any video its much faster and easyer to use o and never get buy huawei ascend y300 its a shit of phone
Best phone HTC one m7 amazing sound with beats audio; Best phone HTC one m7 amazing sound with beats audio
I am one of those unf. user of HTC one & was amazed initially by the look. Alas, it lasted only for first few months & very soon understood the bitter truth that this is one of the wrost phones anybody can use. I wake up with new problems everyday & their service centers are just aweful. Please dont waste your money & energy like i did behind this useless crap.; I am one of those unf. user of HTC one & was amazed initially by the look. Alas, it lasted only for first few months & very soon understood the bitter truth that this is one of the wrost phones anybody can use. I wake up with new problems everyday & their service centers are just aweful. Please dont waste your money & energy like i did behind this useless crap.
am still impressed with HTC One after 2 years of using it...worth every peso i spent....; am still impressed with HTC One after 2 years of using it...worth every peso i spent....
Anonymous, 24 Jun 2015The same with my phone my coc graphics to badsame problem.; same problem.
how long does it stay with power?; how long does it stay with power?
cj27, 24 Jun 2015i've been using this phone the moment it was first released in malaysia . more than 2 years. i... moreIts a manufacturing defect... Comes under warranty; Its a manufacturing defect... Comes under warranty
cj27, 24 Jun 2015i've been using this phone the moment it was first released in malaysia . more than 2 years. i... moreU can try HTC One M8, faster processor, better sound, longer battery, more features camera...less problems...; U can try HTC One M8, faster processor, better sound, longer battery, more features camera...less problems...
Boby, 23 Jun 2015I'm using m7 from past 2 months.. It was working smoothly. But I don't know why it automatic... moreDo a complete backup of your data & then do a factory reset...start from zero & see whether your problem persist...; Do a complete backup of your data & then do a factory reset...start from zero & see whether your problem persist...
i've been using this phone the moment it was first released in malaysia . more than 2 years. it was awesome , the wide angle camera, wow . but my back camera has purple tint issue . maybe because of overheating and using too much zoe . i thought the back camera was originally purple tinted (i use selfie camera a lot so i didnt notice the back camera) then i send to the shop that i bought the phone to repair it . after 3weeks i got my phone back , the back camera went normal back but my phone lose its vibration . no vibrate at all . so after a few months i send it to htc centre to be fixed but after 1 week my phone suddenly die ! no warning at all , i've tried charging but it didnt worked . this phone never hang (lag) at all , i never switch off my data and it can lasts about 12hours . but the speaker is very slow . i love this phone very much , it really dissapoints me when it cannot be switch on now . now im in dilemma to buy a new phone, because i want a good phone like my m7 .; i've been using this phone the moment it was first released in malaysia . more than 2 years. it was awesome , the wide angle camera, wow . but my back camera has purple tint issue . maybe because of overheating and using too much zoe . i thought the back camera was originally purple tinted (i use selfie camera a lot so i didnt notice the back camera) then i send to the shop that i bought the phone to repair it . after 3weeks i got my phone back , the back camera went normal back but my phone lose its vibration . no vibrate at all . so after a few months i send it to htc centre to be fixed but after 1 week my phone suddenly die ! no warning at all , i've tried charging but it didnt worked . this phone never hang (lag) at all , i never switch off my data and it can lasts about 12hours . but the speaker is very slow . i love this phone very much , it really dissapoints me when it cannot be switch on now . now im in dilemma to buy a new phone, because i want a good phone like my m7 .
madridd, 18 Jun 2015After installing software version (7.19.401.121) graphics problem in the game clash of clans ,... moreThe same with my phone my coc graphics to bad; The same with my phone my coc graphics to bad
Im hav been using this phone since last one year. I have 2014 version china manufactured genuine M7. My experience with phone is awesome. This is really a good phone in all sense n having a good hardware configuration too. Infact now also we can compare this phone with iphone 6. So many ppl posted here various problems like camera color variations, retarting problems, over heating etc.. What i undertood is thr is some similar problem has got in some 2013 vertions M7. I think htc fixed those aftr 2014 model phones. The screen quality, sound through htc beat earphones and boom speakers, 4MP ultrapixels, wide angle front 2MP, mass 32GB internel storrage, Decent battery hours( Apprx. Getting 1day and night full from one charging) , faster quad core chpset and 2GM RAM, look n feel are really rocking this phone.. still also im saying for value for money you can buy this even instead of iphone 6. And the real awesome fact is this phone never ever hanged a little till this time from i purchased :) Also becoz of the flagship phone category HTC keep updating every updates coming. now im running almost 65 dowlnloaded apps in it.. still rocking!!!!!! I do believe i dnt need to change this phone atleast for coming one yr too or more.; Im hav been using this phone since last one year. I have 2014 version china manufactured genuine M7. My experience with phone is awesome. This is really a good phone in all sense n having a good hardware configuration too. Infact now also we can compare this phone with iphone 6. So many ppl posted here various problems like camera color variations, retarting problems, over heating etc.. What i undertood is thr is some similar problem has got in some 2013 vertions M7. I think htc fixed those aftr 2014 model phones. The screen quality, sound through htc beat earphones and boom speakers, 4MP ultrapixels, wide angle front 2MP, mass 32GB internel storrage, Decent battery hours( Apprx. Getting 1day and night full from one charging) , faster quad core chpset and 2GM RAM, look n feel are really rocking this phone.. still also im saying for value for money you can buy this even instead of iphone 6. And the real awesome fact is this phone never ever hanged a little till this time from i purchased :) Also becoz of the flagship phone category HTC keep updating every updates coming. now im running almost 65 dowlnloaded apps in it.. still rocking!!!!!! I do believe i dnt need to change this phone atleast for coming one yr too or more.
I'm using m7 from past 2 months.. It was working smoothly. But I don't know why it automatically restart in pocket or on bed or in charging. More than 8 to 10 times it restarts. Plx tell me why it happens. I love this phone. And I don't want to change it. Plx someone tell me how I stop this issue; I'm using m7 from past 2 months.. It was working smoothly. But I don't know why it automatically restart in pocket or on bed or in charging. More than 8 to 10 times it restarts. Plx tell me why it happens. I love this phone. And I don't want to change it. Plx someone tell me how I stop this issue
ruhin, 18 Jun 2015I am using HTC one m7.I can't charge it when my phone is on.after switch off my phone I can ch... more]]l;jljl; ]]l;jljl
Sabapathy sundaramoo, 16 Jun 2015HTC mobile is very good mobile no doubt but my mobile camera is pink shadows what I doing plea... moreme also got the same problem. But only during low light situation.Morning time no problem with the cam.; me also got the same problem. But only during low light situation.Morning time no problem with the cam.
I am using HTC one m7.I can't charge it when my phone is on.after switch off my phone I can charge it.... give me a solution please...; I am using HTC one m7.I can't charge it when my phone is on.after switch off my phone I can charge it.... give me a solution please...
After installing software version (7.19.401.121) graphics problem in the game clash of clans , please help me. I think that happen when show some text on screen.; After installing software version (7.19.401.121) graphics problem in the game clash of clans , please help me. I think that happen when show some text on screen.
alvaro marcopolo, 17 Jun 2015my htc m7 cannot b updated. can somone pls help me you take 1st CDMA mode,than chaqe uadate option. . .; you take 1st CDMA mode,than chaqe uadate option. . .
Sabapathy sundaramoo, 16 Jun 2015HTC mobile is very good mobile no doubt but my mobile camera is pink shadows what I doing plea... moreMy HTC phone too had camera n casing problem . The HTC service centre still unable to solve my problem after two months past. Now switch to other brand of phone much better than HTC. Most of my relatives are switching to other brands, more reliable n users friendly.; My HTC phone too had camera n casing problem . The HTC service centre still unable to solve my problem after two months past. Now switch to other brand of phone much better than HTC. Most of my relatives are switching to other brands, more reliable n users friendly.
Sabapathy sundaramoo, 16 Jun 2015HTC mobile is very good mobile no doubt but my mobile camera is pink shadows what I doing plea... moreMy HTC phone too had camera n casing problem . The HTC service centre still unable to solve my problem after two months past. Now switch to other brand of phone much better than HTC. Most of my relatives are switching to other brands, more reliable n users friendly.; My HTC phone too had camera n casing problem . The HTC service centre still unable to solve my problem after two months past. Now switch to other brand of phone much better than HTC. Most of my relatives are switching to other brands, more reliable n users friendly.
my htc m7 cannot b updated. can somone pls help me; my htc m7 cannot b updated. can somone pls help me
how do I remove facebook from my htc1; how do I remove facebook from my htc1
I think My HTC one is great. Takes good shots stills and video and would be better if I had not dropped it. But it still is impressive, does all right in my hands and is simple to use. cmjc43; I think My HTC one is great. Takes good shots stills and video and would be better if I had not dropped it. But it still is impressive, does all right in my hands and is simple to use. cmjc43
Hi I am using 801e m7. But I don't know how make 3G coll pls tell me how to did it; Hi I am using 801e m7. But I don't know how make 3G coll pls tell me how to did it
shen, 08 Jun 2015pink issue is there so what must i do now ?? HTC mobile is very good mobile no doubt but my mobile camera is pink shadows what I doing please anybody help me; HTC mobile is very good mobile no doubt but my mobile camera is pink shadows what I doing please anybody help me
Please! Don't get this phone or any other HTC phone. Darn, the battery is just too messed up on these phones :(; Please! Don't get this phone or any other HTC phone. Darn, the battery is just too messed up on these phones :(
the battery quality is poor its charged twice a day. how can I expend my battery performance? can anybody help me?; the battery quality is poor its charged twice a day. how can I expend my battery performance? can anybody help me?
My phone died after 1 year while I was using it for no reason at all. I have been very careful with my phone and all but it didn't help. I'm so disappointed.; My phone died after 1 year while I was using it for no reason at all. I have been very careful with my phone and all but it didn't help. I'm so disappointed.
Sachyadddddd, 10 Jun 2015Does this phone support usb on the goYes; Yes
After installing lollipop on my htc one t mobile i am facing sound distortion on headfone.any solution; After installing lollipop on my htc one t mobile i am facing sound distortion on headfone.any solution
madridd, 05 Jun 2015After installing software version (7.19.401.121) graphics problem in the game clash of clans ,... moreAfter installing software version (7.19.401.121) graphics problem in the game clash of clans , please help me.
 I think that happen when show some text on screen.; After installing software version (7.19.401.121) graphics problem in the game clash of clans , please help me.; I think that happen when show some text on screen.
the camera has "pink issue" that can only be resolve by replacing the camera module with another a new one.; the camera has "pink issue" that can only be resolve by replacing the camera module with another a new one.
Does this phone support usb on the go; Does this phone support usb on the go
The Bronze Anzac, 08 Jun 2015Why cannot I obtain an "Operation Booklet" for the HTC One ? There wasn't one in the... moreIt is kept in your PDF go there; It is kept in your PDF go there
pink issue is there so what must i do now ??; pink issue is there so what must i do now ??
Why cannot I obtain an "Operation Booklet" for the HTC One ? There wasn't one in the original box. Can one be downloaded & printed ?; Why cannot I obtain an "Operation Booklet" for the HTC One ? There wasn't one in the original box. Can one be downloaded & printed ?
atanu, 01 Jun 2015which one is batter ? htc m7 or grand prime ?No doubt. HTC one M7. It's a superb phone.; No doubt. HTC one M7. It's a superb phone.
aopu, 05 Jun 2015I have same problem Hi my friend.
 Do you solve that problem.
 I check this page every day.
 Please help me.&#128557;&#128557;&#128557;&#128557;; Hi my friend.; Do you solve that problem.; I check this page every day.; Please help me.&#128557;&#128557;&#128557;&#128557;
shepherd, 05 Jun 2015i want to but this phone bt i need experiences from user. one said battery is very poor. is... moreWhy don't you just go for One M8? The battery life is much better, with faster processor & more powerful Boomsound...camera also more features...just lack of optical image stabilization...; Why don't you just go for One M8? The battery life is much better, with faster processor & more powerful Boomsound...camera also more features...just lack of optical image stabilization...
madridd, 05 Jun 2015After installing software version (7.19.401.121) graphics problem in the game clash of clans ,... moreI have same problem; I have same problem
i want to but this phone bt i need experiences from user. one said battery is very poor. is it true; i want to but this phone bt i need experiences from user. one said battery is very poor. is it true
After installing software version (7.19.401.121) graphics problem in the game clash of clans , please help me; After installing software version (7.19.401.121) graphics problem in the game clash of clans , please help me
After installing software version (7.19.401.121) graphics problem in the game clash of clans , please help me; After installing software version (7.19.401.121) graphics problem in the game clash of clans , please help me
lionking, 05 Jun 2015What is happening? After installing software version (7.19.401.121) graphics problem in the game clash of clans , please help me; After installing software version (7.19.401.121) graphics problem in the game clash of clans , please help me
After installing software version (7.19.401.121) graphics problem in the game clash of clans , please help me; After installing software version (7.19.401.121) graphics problem in the game clash of clans , please help me
aopu, 04 Jun 2015after update my phone Htc one m7 version 7.19.401.121 faceing graphics problem Please Help me.What is happening?; What is happening?
Alireza, 04 Jun 2015Hi Htc one m7 my phone after the update version 7.19.401.121 my graphics problem Please Help HereWhat kind of graphic problems?; What kind of graphic problems?
itz a awesum mobile....!! loved it a lot..; itz a awesum mobile....!! loved it a lot..
could somebody explain why my htc one does not have hot spot? please help; could somebody explain why my htc one does not have hot spot? please help
after update my phone Htc one m7 version 7.19.401.121 faceing graphics problem Please Help me.; after update my phone Htc one m7 version 7.19.401.121 faceing graphics problem Please Help me.
Hi
 my phone Htc one m7 after the update version 7.19.401.121 my graphics problem
 Please Help Here; Hi; my phone Htc one m7 after the update version 7.19.401.121 my graphics problem; Please Help Here
Hi
 Htc one m7 my phone after the update version 7.19.401.121 my graphics problem
 Please Help Here; Hi; Htc one m7 my phone after the update version 7.19.401.121 my graphics problem; Please Help Here
Totally money waste.. I have htc desire 501 always hangs out. i have to restart the phone every hour. I never suggest to anyone to go for htc models. totally bakwas...; Totally money waste.. I have htc desire 501 always hangs out. i have to restart the phone every hour. I never suggest to anyone to go for htc models. totally bakwas...
Had many HTC's from Mozart, 3D etc this M7 was the best yet. Now with their rubbish software updates I no longer have IR when you remove the phone from your ear the screen very rarely lights up again hence the inability to end a call, when an email arrives you now no longer get one notification it is persistent approximately every 20seconds so putting notifications on vibrate eliminate some of the irritation. Emailed HTC various times and they never reply. This is now going to be my last HTC phone; Had many HTC's from Mozart, 3D etc this M7 was the best yet. Now with their rubbish software updates I no longer have IR when you remove the phone from your ear the screen very rarely lights up again hence the inability to end a call, when an email arrives you now no longer get one notification it is persistent approximately every 20seconds so putting notifications on vibrate eliminate some of the irritation. Emailed HTC various times and they never reply. This is now going to be my last HTC phone
Sheikh, 26 May 2015I have bought this phone in 2003 , the day it released. It is still working good. No dou... moreDude, should be 2013...; Dude, should be 2013...
Blinkfeed in M7 android 5.0.2 consuming too much battery and also causing heating up.; Blinkfeed in M7 android 5.0.2 consuming too much battery and also causing heating up.
which one is batter ? htc m7 or grand prime ?; which one is batter ? htc m7 or grand prime ?
Anonymous, 21 Apr 2015Overall a terrible experience with HTC one. After using the phone for 2 years, I have to sa... moreThe purplish problem of the camera is a technical issue...you can go to the htc centre to fix the issue..
 About the issue of battery draining very fast, its not htc fault...maybe one/more of your apps is/are causing the problem...try & check the battery usage, turn off location etc...
 I love htc...its the best...my old phone htc desire is still usable after 6 years...& now i'm using htc one (m7)..almost 2 years now....& i love it; The purplish problem of the camera is a technical issue...you can go to the htc centre to fix the issue..; About the issue of battery draining very fast, its not htc fault...maybe one/more of your apps is/are causing the problem...try & check the battery usage, turn off location etc...; I love htc...its the best...my old phone htc desire is still usable after 6 years...& now i'm using htc one (m7)..almost 2 years now....& i love it
Gagandeep, 26 May 2015Hi guys anyone help me when i am tried to connect with otg cable my phone have no notification... moreyes it supports otg connection; yes it supports otg connection
New update 7.21.707.21
 Feels good.; New update 7.21.707.21; Feels good.
I have bought this phone in 2003 , the day it released.
 
 It is still working good.
 
 No doubt about the battery life but overall hTc is an excellent mobile phone to use.; I have bought this phone in 2003 , the day it released.; It is still working good.; No doubt about the battery life but overall hTc is an excellent mobile phone to use.
Hi guys anyone help me when i am tried to connect with otg cable my phone have no notificationanyone please tell me your htc m7 sported OTG; Hi guys anyone help me when i am tried to connect with otg cable my phone have no notificationanyone please tell me your htc m7 sported OTG
Brynn, 14 May 2015What do you mean its overheating? Get your computer or laptop and remove fan and heatsink ... morea bloody fridge???; a bloody fridge???
if my battery is completely wasted...can i buy a replacemebt???; if my battery is completely wasted...can i buy a replacemebt???
my back camera always takes blur pictures...what can be the problem; my back camera always takes blur pictures...what can be the problem
Anonymous, 17 May 2015HTC desire? Desire? Wat a joke! Change 2 times mother board in a week. Still cannot make it. ... moreHmm maybe try another HTC. I've had my M7 for 7 months & still working like a charm. Very quick, games run smooth, enough storage for me. Battery is the only downside, I might use it moderately & may only last a day. Overall very well built and performs really well.; Hmm maybe try another HTC. I've had my M7 for 7 months & still working like a charm. Very quick, games run smooth, enough storage for me. Battery is the only downside, I might use it moderately & may only last a day. Overall very well built and performs really well.
Ab48, 20 May 2015Any plan from htc to update M7 to android 5.1 ??The Google Play Edition is getting the 5.1 update but for locked and unlocked versions, no info yet.; The Google Play Edition is getting the 5.1 update but for locked and unlocked versions, no info yet.
I have some problem in HTC m7.I can able to access the Siegel network plzz tel me the solution; I have some problem in HTC m7.I can able to access the Siegel network plzz tel me the solution
I took recently HTC desire 820s mobile performance is very good but the camera quality is too bad it feels like i am using some china made cell phones.; I took recently HTC desire 820s mobile performance is very good but the camera quality is too bad it feels like i am using some china made cell phones.
This was my very first android phone from being a consumer of apple products! This definitely will not be my last Android device as I am so extremely happy about the features the HTC One has! Front facing speakers! YEAH! None of that cup your hand so you can hear stuff as the iPhone and iPad has. Nope, the sound is clear crisp and sounds great for phone speakers! Good enough for a micro party! :)
 
 Really happy with this phone, I'm using a custom OS as well and it feels like my phone will live on forever! :); This was my very first android phone from being a consumer of apple products! This definitely will not be my last Android device as I am so extremely happy about the features the HTC One has! Front facing speakers! YEAH! None of that cup your hand so you can hear stuff as the iPhone and iPad has. Nope, the sound is clear crisp and sounds great for phone speakers! Good enough for a micro party! :); Really happy with this phone, I'm using a custom OS as well and it feels like my phone will live on forever! :)
pls help me.my htc m7 sometime lost network signal.after restarting the phone it will back.any solution????? pls....; pls help me.my htc m7 sometime lost network signal.after restarting the phone it will back.any solution????? pls....
htc one is awesome. The battery life is even amazing. htc for life.; htc one is awesome. The battery life is even amazing. htc for life.
Any plan from htc to update M7 to android 5.1 ??; Any plan from htc to update M7 to android 5.1 ??
Any plan from htc to update M7 to android 5.1 ??; Any plan from htc to update M7 to android 5.1 ??
HTC phones are the best products. Can't opt for any other stuff. Tried all sort but HTC has never let me down. Crazy about their product. HTC for life.; HTC phones are the best products. Can't opt for any other stuff. Tried all sort but HTC has never let me down. Crazy about their product. HTC for life.
Anonymous, 14 May 2015Don't buy this, or any other HTC phone. - very bad camera - very poor battery even when it ... moreDownload ES file explorer you can get rid of cache files they slow you phone and drain battery. HTC is best phone.; Download ES file explorer you can get rid of cache files they slow you phone and drain battery. HTC is best phone.
Aman, 05 May 2015It was verry bad experience with htc. Their hardware is poor even htc itself does not have tru... moreHTC desire? Desire? Wat a joke! Change 2 times mother board in a week. Still cannot make it. Go thru hell to get them exchange new phone. Guess wat? Yeah it didn't work again! NEVER EVER EVER buy a HTC!!!!!; HTC desire? Desire? Wat a joke! Change 2 times mother board in a week. Still cannot make it. Go thru hell to get them exchange new phone. Guess wat? Yeah it didn't work again! NEVER EVER EVER buy a HTC!!!!!
Htc is better than samsung n i hpone..; Htc is better than samsung n i hpone..
Anonymous, 14 May 2015Don't buy this, or any other HTC phone. - very bad camera - very poor battery even when it ... morei deagree with you on that. htc phones are still the best even samsung can't stand their camera; i deagree with you on that. htc phones are still the best even samsung can't stand their camera
Anonymous, 14 May 2015Don't buy this, or any other HTC phone. - very bad camera - very poor battery even when it ... moreu may have got clone or etc...otherwise htc is worlds best phone; u may have got clone or etc...otherwise htc is worlds best phone
when it will get update to lollipop?; when it will get update to lollipop?
Donnie Don, 23 Apr 2015Please how can I update my Htc one m7, what is the process I have no ideas thanksGoogle it or contact your mobile subscriber.; Google it or contact your mobile subscriber.
Don't buy this, or any other HTC phone. 
 - very bad camera
 - very poor battery even when it was new
 - after 1 year I need to charge my phone 2x per day
 - performances has slowed down after 3-4 months
 - after 1 year phone i 5 times slower then on the begining
 
 DON'T BUY THIS PHONE!!!; Don't buy this, or any other HTC phone.; - very bad camera; - very poor battery even when it was new; - after 1 year I need to charge my phone 2x per day; - performances has slowed down after 3-4 months; - after 1 year phone i 5 times slower then on the begining; DON'T BUY THIS PHONE!!!
best phone; best phone
BH, 11 May 2015I can give this phone no more that 2 stars! It is overheating continuously. The camera is v... moreWhat do you mean its overheating? 
 
 Get your computer or laptop and remove fan and heatsink thats what you call overheating. The M7 is only getting warm and it has no heatsink or fans which is masterpiece of engineering. All these complaints of heat,,if you cannot handle don't buy a powerful smartphone go buy a fridge . Goodness sake where are all these uneducated commenters coming from its bloody got 4 cores acing at multi GHz and powerful GPU what do you expect.; What do you mean its overheating?; Get your computer or laptop and remove fan and heatsink thats what you call overheating. The M7 is only getting warm and it has no heatsink or fans which is masterpiece of engineering. All these complaints of heat,,if you cannot handle don't buy a powerful smartphone go buy a fridge . Goodness sake where are all these uneducated commenters coming from its bloody got 4 cores acing at multi GHz and powerful GPU what do you expect.
I love this phone nice camera clarity for ever worlda best phone is htc every one should buy this HTC one m7 and it is best than Samsung note4 and iPhone 6; I love this phone nice camera clarity for ever worlda best phone is htc every one should buy this HTC one m7 and it is best than Samsung note4 and iPhone 6
I can give this phone no more that 2 stars!
 
 It is overheating continuously. The camera is very bad in low light and noisy.
 
 I dont recommend to buy this phone.; I can give this phone no more that 2 stars!; It is overheating continuously. The camera is very bad in low light and noisy.; I dont recommend to buy this phone.
I am happy with my HTC Eye and its really easy to use, smooth and user-friendly. Quick one. Satisfied and reliable. I dont mind if it is from a big company like iphone or what, i just mind how good my phone is working. Once u use it, u ll understand what i m talking.; I am happy with my HTC Eye and its really easy to use, smooth and user-friendly. Quick one. Satisfied and reliable. I dont mind if it is from a big company like iphone or what, i just mind how good my phone is working. Once u use it, u ll understand what i m talking.
Lollipop has started rolling out for the dual sim variant (802d); Lollipop has started rolling out for the dual sim variant (802d)
GrammerNazi, 05 May 2015How can anyone trust your comment when you cannot spell? or have correct grammar? did you even... more*Or
 *Did
 *Or
 *In
 And why the need for all these commas? LOL Grammer Nazi.; *Or; *Did; *Or; *In; And why the need for all these commas? LOL Grammer Nazi.
Aman, 05 May 2015It was verry bad experience with htc. Their hardware is poor even htc itself does not have tru... moreHow can anyone trust your comment when you cannot spell? or have correct grammar? did you even attend school? or were you too busy smoking pot with your friends? in my experience, HTC has been a very reliable company, even way back to the Hero(G2) they can withstand large drops and impacts without too much damage, and if anything, the One series is a great testament to their quality, I have just procured an HTC One V with beats audio, and safe to say, it is the single best phone I have ever owned, even above the Xperia E1; How can anyone trust your comment when you cannot spell? or have correct grammar? did you even attend school? or were you too busy smoking pot with your friends? in my experience, HTC has been a very reliable company, even way back to the Hero(G2) they can withstand large drops and impacts without too much damage, and if anything, the One series is a great testament to their quality, I have just procured an HTC One V with beats audio, and safe to say, it is the single best phone I have ever owned, even above the Xperia E1
It was verry bad experience with htc. Their hardware is poor even htc itself does not have trust on their hardware. Let me know you my htc experience. I had bought htc desire x. htc gives one year warranty but their phone gives an problem with their wifi and hotspot. I had given to the service center and they replaced the mother board and gave 3 months extended warrenty and after 3.5 months later the camera stopped working and again they asked to replace the mother board with the price of Rs.6500/- and current value of htc desire x in market was only Rs.4000/- and again they can gove just 3 months warranty of mother board. So finaly they have 3rd class hardware worst that chinese mobile phone. To spend so much money on htc is foolish thing if we do.; It was verry bad experience with htc. Their hardware is poor even htc itself does not have trust on their hardware. Let me know you my htc experience. I had bought htc desire x. htc gives one year warranty but their phone gives an problem with their wifi and hotspot. I had given to the service center and they replaced the mother board and gave 3 months extended warrenty and after 3.5 months later the camera stopped working and again they asked to replace the mother board with the price of Rs.6500/- and current value of htc desire x in market was only Rs.4000/- and again they can gove just 3 months warranty of mother board. So finaly they have 3rd class hardware worst that chinese mobile phone. To spend so much money on htc is foolish thing if we do.
Hi,I would like to know whether there is an KitKat android version update for HTC one?; Hi,I would like to know whether there is an KitKat android version update for HTC one?
Hi, I had previously used HTC one v, which almost used more than 3.5 years. Very Satisfied. Now too, its working. But just a single problem ( i.e ) The call function doesn't work. No other problems I had. Now I'm going to buy HTC one 32 GB, LTE . Can anyone please say me, if there is an update of 4.4 for HTC one? I don't need lollipop udpate meaning it would be good, if I have lollipop update. But I would be well satisfied if I receive the KitKat ( 4.4.4 ) update. Because it should support games. That's why I'm asking. On the specifications from the online website that I'm going to buy has put like this :
 
 Android version : 4.1.2.
 
 So please say me whether I can update my phone to 4.4.4. If known, then I can buy phone with no hesitation. 
 
 Thanks.
 Regards 
 Abdul Aziz; Hi, I had previously used HTC one v, which almost used more than 3.5 years. Very Satisfied. Now too, its working. But just a single problem ( i.e ) The call function doesn't work. No other problems I had. Now I'm going to buy HTC one 32 GB, LTE . Can anyone please say me, if there is an update of 4.4 for HTC one? I don't need lollipop udpate meaning it would be good, if I have lollipop update. But I would be well satisfied if I receive the KitKat ( 4.4.4 ) update. Because it should support games. That's why I'm asking. On the specifications from the online website that I'm going to buy has put like this :; Android version : 4.1.2.; So please say me whether I can update my phone to 4.4.4. If known, then I can buy phone with no hesitation.; Thanks.; Regards; Abdul Aziz
Anonymous, 01 May 2015Not an opinion but a complain I have issue using my HTC ONE camera in dark places the backgrou... moreIts a common issue in a series of HTC One phones. You can contact the HTC service center and the device will be replaced. I did so and have a brand new device on hand now!; Its a common issue in a series of HTC One phones. You can contact the HTC service center and the device will be replaced. I did so and have a brand new device on hand now!
Very nice phone with grate camera .....thanx HTC; Very nice phone with grate camera .....thanx HTC
Not an opinion but a complain I have issue using my HTC ONE camera in dark places the background turns reddish each time but it has good picture quality in illuminated areas but other users I have come across don't have such challenge.; Not an opinion but a complain I have issue using my HTC ONE camera in dark places the background turns reddish each time but it has good picture quality in illuminated areas but other users I have come across don't have such challenge.
why doesnt this phone have dot view; why doesnt this phone have dot view
My HTC one Mob is getting hung up showing Google apps not working and we cannot do any function on the MOb as this comes on the Screen always I have tried many methods ,like restarting the phone,removing all unwanted apps & so on. Pls help me out.; My HTC one Mob is getting hung up showing Google apps not working and we cannot do any function on the MOb as this comes on the Screen always I have tried many methods ,like restarting the phone,removing all unwanted apps & so on. Pls help me out.
I have had a Samsung, LG, and HTC cell phones. I have only had great success with HTC phones. I now have the HTC One and it is the best phone I ever had. It is fast with everything you ask it to do, has amazing setting options to make personal touches on your phone, and if you love photography then this is definitely a phone for you. It has amazing photography setting and takes amazing pictures!! You can also take pictures while you are recording and even when you are watching a video you have recorded then there is a option to take some more pictures with in the video. The camera is very fast when the flash is off. When the flash is only is takes only a few seconds to take a picture and with the flash the camera takes really good pictures in the dark. The whole phone is very easy to navigate. i will always own an HTC. I have had it for a whole year and it still runs brand new!!!; I have had a Samsung, LG, and HTC cell phones. I have only had great success with HTC phones. I now have the HTC One and it is the best phone I ever had. It is fast with everything you ask it to do, has amazing setting options to make personal touches on your phone, and if you love photography then this is definitely a phone for you. It has amazing photography setting and takes amazing pictures!! You can also take pictures while you are recording and even when you are watching a video you have recorded then there is a option to take some more pictures with in the video. The camera is very fast when the flash is off. When the flash is only is takes only a few seconds to take a picture and with the flash the camera takes really good pictures in the dark. The whole phone is very easy to navigate. i will always own an HTC. I have had it for a whole year and it still runs brand new!!!
Donnie Don, 23 Apr 2015Please how can I update my Htc one m7, what is the process I have no ideas thankshave you thought about just doing a google search? 
 start with looking on xda; have you thought about just doing a google search?; start with looking on xda
can you buy a htc 1 booklet on how to remove passwords. i have locked myself out need to unpin passcode; can you buy a htc 1 booklet on how to remove passwords. i have locked myself out need to unpin passcode
Never buy a HTC phone. Its not at all worth for what you pay. It starts giving you trouble after 6 months.; Never buy a HTC phone. Its not at all worth for what you pay. It starts giving you trouble after 6 months.
david, 15 Apr 2015I updated 2 lollipop everything seems ok but my phone have a little lag after update!!!Please how can I update my Htc one m7, what is the process I have no ideas thanks; Please how can I update my Htc one m7, what is the process I have no ideas thanks
No more perfect customer service. I had given my mobile for repair of charger plug in a month gone till now not yet got any update of my HTC desire 310.; No more perfect customer service. I had given my mobile for repair of charger plug in a month gone till now not yet got any update of my HTC desire 310.
Anonymous, 21 Apr 2015Overall a terrible experience with HTC one. After using the phone for 2 years, I have to sa... moreIf you know how to come on the internet and complain, surely you must know how to search for battery calibration and clearing partition cache too. Right?; If you know how to come on the internet and complain, surely you must know how to search for battery calibration and clearing partition cache too. Right?
mohsin, 21 Apr 2015i am just want to say that the battery backup of this phone is very bad bad bad bad bad ......... moreLOL really? You must have bought a copy then. Sucks to be you.; LOL really? You must have bought a copy then. Sucks to be you.
i am just want to say that the battery backup of this phone is very bad bad bad bad bad ...............its take to fully charge about 6 hours...........; i am just want to say that the battery backup of this phone is very bad bad bad bad bad ...............its take to fully charge about 6 hours...........
Overall a terrible experience with HTC one.
 
 After using the phone for 2 years, I have to say that I'm never buying another HTC product.
 
 Here are the issues I've faced. 
 
 After 2 short months, (no drops or other sort of abuse) the camera that started to have a purplish tinge around the corners(a friend who had the same model complained of the same problem). Around the same time, the battery started to have an issue. It would turn hot and deplete within an hour of usage which was mainly web browsing. This was fixed after sending it for repair.
 
 After 6 months from the repair date, the battery issue resurfaced and deteriorated, battery life plummeted. Today, it can never charge more than 10%, and takes 2 hours to charge 5% to only drop back down to zero with minutes of usage.
 
 Conclusion: Never buy a HTC product unless you have a thing for bad hardware and workmanship.; Overall a terrible experience with HTC one.; After using the phone for 2 years, I have to say that I'm never buying another HTC product.; Here are the issues I've faced.; After 2 short months, (no drops or other sort of abuse) the camera that started to have a purplish tinge around the corners(a friend who had the same model complained of the same problem). Around the same time, the battery started to have an issue. It would turn hot and deplete within an hour of usage which was mainly web browsing. This was fixed after sending it for repair.; After 6 months from the repair date, the battery issue resurfaced and deteriorated, battery life plummeted. Today, it can never charge more than 10%, and takes 2 hours to charge 5% to only drop back down to zero with minutes of usage.; Conclusion: Never buy a HTC product unless you have a thing for bad hardware and workmanship.
can da internal batttery be changed?; can da internal batttery be changed?
The latest update has deleted several entire programs and icons on my phone. Multiple pictures are "poof" gone. I am unable to enlarge typical pics to see them. Instead of looking at emails and text with one touch, I now have several steps to follow prior to seeing them. Is this the new stone age update? I hope no one was paid to develop this update. Someone needs to be fired! Updates are supposed to enhance products, not set them back 5 years.; The latest update has deleted several entire programs and icons on my phone. Multiple pictures are "poof" gone. I am unable to enlarge typical pics to see them. Instead of looking at emails and text with one touch, I now have several steps to follow prior to seeing them. Is this the new stone age update? I hope no one was paid to develop this update. Someone needs to be fired! Updates are supposed to enhance products, not set them back 5 years.
My m7 mobile update lollipop 5.0.2
 I'm very happy; My m7 mobile update lollipop 5.0.2; I'm very happy
I've updated my mobile to android v5.0, but now, I couldn't able to multi task... Plz guide me, how to multi task? Previously, I'll just double tap my home button to check my running or recent apps...but now I couldn't able to do tat...Plz guide me...tq; I've updated my mobile to android v5.0, but now, I couldn't able to multi task... Plz guide me, how to multi task? Previously, I'll just double tap my home button to check my running or recent apps...but now I couldn't able to do tat...Plz guide me...tq
hny sidhu, 17 Apr 2015M useing htc one.. but now when i open my camera to click any pic my ... My cam is full pink..... morei had same problem with device and i contacted htc customer care service and now they are replacing my camera for free after expiry of warranty.
 Jus teel them its a hardware problem and also started after updates of phone.
 they will help; i had same problem with device and i contacted htc customer care service and now they are replacing my camera for free after expiry of warranty.; Jus teel them its a hardware problem and also started after updates of phone.; they will help
sohail, 17 Apr 2015how to fix camera problem of htc m7 its pink in dark please let me knowSend it back it you still have warranty, they will replace the camera module free of charge. It can be repaired.; Send it back it you still have warranty, they will replace the camera module free of charge. It can be repaired.
hny sidhu, 17 Apr 2015M useing htc one.. but now when i open my camera to click any pic my ... My cam is full pink..... moreSend it back if you still have warranty. They will replace it free of charge. This is a common flaw due to over-heating and can be repaired. It won't be a 'paper weight' anymore.; Send it back if you still have warranty. They will replace it free of charge. This is a common flaw due to over-heating and can be repaired. It won't be a 'paper weight' anymore.
M useing htc one.. but now when i open my camera to click any pic my ... My cam is full pink.. how cn i solv this problm.. plz help me.. i love this phn but now its just a paper weight...:(; M useing htc one.. but now when i open my camera to click any pic my ... My cam is full pink.. how cn i solv this problm.. plz help me.. i love this phn but now its just a paper weight...:(
how to fix camera problem of htc m7 its pink in dark please let me know; how to fix camera problem of htc m7 its pink in dark please let me know
Android 5.0.2 sucks. Earlier on, there was absolutely NO lag at all. Now, damn :/. Even the music player is effed up. Songs skip 1 second. Even the ringtone (Doesn't start from the beginning.) Get your sh*t together Google. Hope 5.1 comes to M7.; Android 5.0.2 sucks. Earlier on, there was absolutely NO lag at all. Now, damn :/. Even the music player is effed up. Songs skip 1 second. Even the ringtone (Doesn't start from the beginning.) Get your sh*t together Google. Hope 5.1 comes to M7.
I've updated my mobile to android v5.0, but now, I couldn't able to multi task... Plz guide me, how to multi task? Previously, I'll just double tap my home button to check my running or recent apps...but now I couldn't able to do tat...Plz guide me...tq; I've updated my mobile to android v5.0, but now, I couldn't able to multi task... Plz guide me, how to multi task? Previously, I'll just double tap my home button to check my running or recent apps...but now I couldn't able to do tat...Plz guide me...tq
adnan, 16 Apr 2015i update my phone to lollipop 5.0.2 evrrything is working fine but my phone battery drain very... moreYes a little faster use battery but still ok
 a good way is install app like battery dr or another apps optimized your battery :); Yes a little faster use battery but still ok; a good way is install app like battery dr or another apps optimized your battery :)
i update my phone to lollipop 5.0.2 evrrything is working fine but my phone battery drain very fast any solution..thanks; i update my phone to lollipop 5.0.2 evrrything is working fine but my phone battery drain very fast any solution..thanks
i update my phone to lollipop 5.0.2 evrrything is working fine but my phone battery drain very fast any solution..thanks; i update my phone to lollipop 5.0.2 evrrything is working fine but my phone battery drain very fast any solution..thanks
I updated 2 lollipop everything seems ok but my phone have a little lag after update!!!; I updated 2 lollipop everything seems ok but my phone have a little lag after update!!!
colasmermet, 12 Apr 2015This was the nicest smart phone I've ever had (I've owned Samsung Stellar/Samsung Galaxy S-III... moreSearch for HTC One back panel removal on YouTube. Hope it helps.; Search for HTC One back panel removal on YouTube. Hope it helps.
i have issue on connected on wifi connection thru phone , any body faced it before??; i have issue on connected on wifi connection thru phone , any body faced it before??
colasmermet, 12 Apr 2015This was the nicest smart phone I've ever had (I've owned Samsung Stellar/Samsung Galaxy S-III... morebro u and me are the same. i would still be using this amazing phone if i hadnt dropped it in the toilet. And youre right this phone doesnt repair easy so im giving it up :(; bro u and me are the same. i would still be using this amazing phone if i hadnt dropped it in the toilet. And youre right this phone doesnt repair easy so im giving it up :(
This was the nicest smart phone I've ever had (I've owned Samsung Stellar/Samsung Galaxy S-III/HTC One/Droid Mini). I only paid a penny for it on amazon which could have had some effect on my opinion I admit. The audio isn't nearly as great as they like to advertise but it is quite better than any other phone. It runs really well, I never had a problem with any lag, every app opened and ran seamlessly. The screen looks great. Despite there only being a 4MP camera, the pictures don't look bad at all. The size is good as well, not giant like most nice phones currently. The battery was very decent. It's a really great phone and if I didn't drop it in my toilet I'd still be using it today. That's one issue, the back does not come off which makes it far less likely to be able to get your phone repaired if you end up needing that. I'd give it an 8.5/10.; This was the nicest smart phone I've ever had (I've owned Samsung Stellar/Samsung Galaxy S-III/HTC One/Droid Mini). I only paid a penny for it on amazon which could have had some effect on my opinion I admit. The audio isn't nearly as great as they like to advertise but it is quite better than any other phone. It runs really well, I never had a problem with any lag, every app opened and ran seamlessly. The screen looks great. Despite there only being a 4MP camera, the pictures don't look bad at all. The size is good as well, not giant like most nice phones currently. The battery was very decent. It's a really great phone and if I didn't drop it in my toilet I'd still be using it today. That's one issue, the back does not come off which makes it far less likely to be able to get your phone repaired if you end up needing that. I'd give it an 8.5/10.
suchi, 10 Apr 2015Never ever buy HTC... its incompetent product with pathetic service.... no wonder there prices... moreYou are pathetic. You can't impose your choice on other people. Grow up kid.; You are pathetic. You can't impose your choice on other people. Grow up kid.
Never ever buy HTC... its incompetent product with pathetic service.... no wonder there prices are soooo low.... go for samsung or nokia(ms) ... trust me u'll keep thinking y isn't it going bad (so that u can buy new one)... they last evn after four years... I made a huge mistake by trying HTC..... There service is really pretty bad!!!! and my god they say they dont have spares for the models released just 2-3 months back!!! how amazing :P; Never ever buy HTC... its incompetent product with pathetic service.... no wonder there prices are soooo low.... go for samsung or nokia(ms) ... trust me u'll keep thinking y isn't it going bad (so that u can buy new one)... they last evn after four years... I made a huge mistake by trying HTC..... There service is really pretty bad!!!! and my god they say they dont have spares for the models released just 2-3 months back!!! how amazing :P
hi i update 5.0 my htc one m7 but my imei number crash and no segnel issi; hi i update 5.0 my htc one m7 but my imei number crash and no segnel issi
Anyone finding problem with earphones?
 
 After the update to 5.0.2 my earphones are not working.
 
 Is it a problem for the software upgrades or hardware? 
 
 Any suggestions ?; Anyone finding problem with earphones?; After the update to 5.0.2 my earphones are not working.; Is it a problem for the software upgrades or hardware?; Any suggestions ?
Arash, 08 Apr 2015Since I update my M7 to android 5.0.2 I faced with this problems: Blocked contacts may call m... moreHi Arash 
 My M7 working perfectly after update 
 Backup important data and Wipe cache partition of your phone(Google it) 
 I did that just after Update and phone is working without any issue; Hi Arash; My M7 working perfectly after update; Backup important data and Wipe cache partition of your phone(Google it); I did that just after Update and phone is working without any issue
ak, 08 Apr 2015I Have Htc One M7 too .. And I also Upgraded to 5.0.2 But i Can't find the slow motion vedi... moreHi Ak
 Open Camera and
 click on three dots available at top left-->
 It will show all camera options
 first option is Camera mode(by Default Auto)
 Just click on that--> 
 It will show slow motion video option
 Select and Record :); Hi Ak; Open Camera and; click on three dots available at top left-->; It will show all camera options; first option is Camera mode(by Default Auto); Just click on that-->; It will show slow motion video option; Select and Record :)
i am also using htc one m7.. i can hear ringtone even after receiving the call; i am also using htc one m7.. i can hear ringtone even after receiving the call
@Dev, 13 Feb 2015Successfully Updated M7 Single Sim with Lollipop 5.0.2 on 06/02 Best Android OS. + New lock ... moreI Have Htc One M7 too ..
 And I also Upgraded to 5.0.2
 But i Can't find the slow motion vedio recording option in camera ...
 Please Help me ASAP; I Have Htc One M7 too ..; And I also Upgraded to 5.0.2; But i Can't find the slow motion vedio recording option in camera ...; Please Help me ASAP
Since I update my M7 to android 5.0.2 I faced with this problems:
 Blocked contacts may call me and their sms appears on my inbox
 When I set alarm , it doesn't wake me up
 Video camera not working
 And many other problems
 Everyday I check system updates to see when htc going to solve this problems; Since I update my M7 to android 5.0.2 I faced with this problems:; Blocked contacts may call me and their sms appears on my inbox; When I set alarm , it doesn't wake me up; Video camera not working; And many other problems; Everyday I check system updates to see when htc going to solve this problems
my htc one m7 was error with notification when turn on is "file system isn't responding" help me to fix it..; my htc one m7 was error with notification when turn on is "file system isn't responding" help me to fix it..
I am using xperia z for a while and I thought of changing it now.there are no major reason to change it but i really hate the battery life of xz...
 
 now thinking of everything like camera,processor,battery life etc,can anyone tell me that if htc one deserves the extra money to buy after selling present one?; I am using xperia z for a while and I thought of changing it now.there are no major reason to change it but i really hate the battery life of xz...; now thinking of everything like camera,processor,battery life etc,can anyone tell me that if htc one deserves the extra money to buy after selling present one?
Hi all, I Love My HTC One but this pink camera thing is making me go nuts. I brought this piece from Kuwait so there is no bill or box and I am not sure how much will the service center charge me to get this fixed ..... Can someone give me a price and a place ??????; Hi all, I Love My HTC One but this pink camera thing is making me go nuts. I brought this piece from Kuwait so there is no bill or box and I am not sure how much will the service center charge me to get this fixed ..... Can someone give me a price and a place ??????
is any body get sense 7 update in midlle east??; is any body get sense 7 update in midlle east??
for one year i have this phone it is perfect updated to lollipop make better battery life ,the camera is not that good but nothing make me wants to change the phone and this is a problem; for one year i have this phone it is perfect updated to lollipop make better battery life ,the camera is not that good but nothing make me wants to change the phone and this is a problem
costero, 04 Apr 2015how can one determine the geninueness(original) of HTC one. is there any code (keys) used to... more1) Dial *#06# to get the IMEI no.
 
 2) Match the IMEI no. with the label on your phone box (should be matched)
 
 3) Go to www.imei.info, key in the IMEI no. & double check (you should get all the details about your phone)
 
 Hope this helps...; 1) Dial *#06# to get the IMEI no.; 2) Match the IMEI no. with the label on your phone box (should be matched); 3) Go to www.imei.info, key in the IMEI no. & double check (you should get all the details about your phone); Hope this helps...
death is a start, 03 Apr 2015I hav HTC one m7 After HTC sense home update i get at anytime this message: Android.process.m&... morego to settings and in the option reset app preference put ok. done.; go to settings and in the option reset app preference put ok. done.
Hi. Please say me how to do that "CALL RECORDING" programs works on htc phones, only my voice recording. I try it on htc one s, htc 600, htc one,one sv also have but not try.., on samsung and lg phones good works that programs; Hi. Please say me how to do that "CALL RECORDING" programs works on htc phones, only my voice recording. I try it on htc one s, htc 600, htc one,one sv also have but not try.., on samsung and lg phones good works that programs
how can one determine the geninueness(original) of HTC one. 
 is there any code (keys) used to determine that; how can one determine the geninueness(original) of HTC one.; is there any code (keys) used to determine that
I hav HTC one m7 After HTC sense home update i get at anytime this message: Android.process.mdia is stop. Pls what to do my playstore no work again.; I hav HTC one m7 After HTC sense home update i get at anytime this message: Android.process.mdia is stop. Pls what to do my playstore no work again.
idder666, 03 Apr 2015I have same problem with my phone since 5.0.2 upgrade...trie a battery test at *#*#3424#*#*...... moreSame problem; Same problem
Anonymous, 31 Mar 2015Same here. It was bad before (2 year old battery!) but now it's even worse. You say this is du... moreI have same problem with my phone since 5.0.2 upgrade...trie a battery test at *#*#3424#*#*...it last one hour and the phone baterry must be at 100% charged.; I have same problem with my phone since 5.0.2 upgrade...trie a battery test at *#*#3424#*#*...it last one hour and the phone baterry must be at 100% charged.
isr, 31 Mar 2015i am facing pink shade problem in the back camera of my htc one in the dark or at night in the... moreI had the same camera issues and went to the service centre and got it fixed!:); I had the same camera issues and went to the service centre and got it fixed!:)
Lollipop update for Asia is now available. Received update to 4.4.3 before getting the Lollipop (5.0.2)
 
 *Pink/purple tint was caused by hardware, bring it to HTC and they will fix it for free if you're still under warranty. Cheers!!!; Lollipop update for Asia is now available. Received update to 4.4.3 before getting the Lollipop (5.0.2); *Pink/purple tint was caused by hardware, bring it to HTC and they will fix it for free if you're still under warranty. Cheers!!!
Lollipop update for Asia is now available. Received update to 4.4.3 before Lollipop (5.0.2)
 
 *Pink/purple tint was caused by hardware, bring it to HTC and they will replace it for free if you're still under warranty. Cheers!!!; Lollipop update for Asia is now available. Received update to 4.4.3 before Lollipop (5.0.2); *Pink/purple tint was caused by hardware, bring it to HTC and they will replace it for free if you're still under warranty. Cheers!!!
I have facing pink camera problem in low light what is this anyone can help me; I have facing pink camera problem in low light what is this anyone can help me
isr, 31 Mar 2015i am facing pink shade problem in the back camera of my htc one in the dark or at night in the... moreMe too faced the same problem. Approached the service center. Device got replaced! :); Me too faced the same problem. Approached the service center. Device got replaced! :)
isr, 31 Mar 2015i am facing pink shade problem in the back camera of my htc one in the dark or at night in the... moreits a manufacturing defect .. contact your local dealer ... you can get it fixed for free or get a replacement; its a manufacturing defect .. contact your local dealer ... you can get it fixed for free or get a replacement
isr, 31 Mar 2015i am facing pink shade problem in the back camera of my htc one in the dark or at night in the... moreI have the same problem. I contacted HTC (chat support on their website) and was told it's a bad camera after a little troubleshooting. As part of the troubleshooting the tech helped me clear the cache (camera app) and download another camera app (google camera) and when I got the same issue (purple/reddish tint in low light conditions) I was told they might be able to fix it. I will have to send it into HTC.; I have the same problem. I contacted HTC (chat support on their website) and was told it's a bad camera after a little troubleshooting. As part of the troubleshooting the tech helped me clear the cache (camera app) and download another camera app (google camera) and when I got the same issue (purple/reddish tint in low light conditions) I was told they might be able to fix it. I will have to send it into HTC.
Its a known hardware issue with HTC One M7 Back Camera effecting certain batch of HTC One, since day one it was launched.
 You need to ask for replacement.; Its a known hardware issue with HTC One M7 Back Camera effecting certain batch of HTC One, since day one it was launched.; You need to ask for replacement.
i am facing pink shade problem in the back camera of my htc one in the dark or at night in the room's light.while it works good during the day.whts the problm.can anyone guide me; i am facing pink shade problem in the back camera of my htc one in the dark or at night in the room's light.while it works good during the day.whts the problm.can anyone guide me
why is that i can't view or even watch any pinoy movies or teleserye in the internt browser or even in google and firefox?why?its stated that the file is not supported or etc...but if i try to open different website then its working.but for pinoy website its no./why is that so?please help me...i am having a hard time finding answers to this questions of mine.thanks much; why is that i can't view or even watch any pinoy movies or teleserye in the internt browser or even in google and firefox?why?its stated that the file is not supported or etc...but if i try to open different website then its working.but for pinoy website its no./why is that so?please help me...i am having a hard time finding answers to this questions of mine.thanks much
i had given my htc one dual phone with network error , in jan 2015.. @ cochin service centre , in 1 wk they returned my phone telling replaced motherboard.. yet problem not resolved, again i given there, now its being 1.5 month no reply at all , i keep on contacting them and replies no service part available and will replace my phone, getting delay .what can i do. if i file a case in consumer court any use?; i had given my htc one dual phone with network error , in jan 2015.. @ cochin service centre , in 1 wk they returned my phone telling replaced motherboard.. yet problem not resolved, again i given there, now its being 1.5 month no reply at all , i keep on contacting them and replies no service part available and will replace my phone, getting delay .what can i do. if i file a case in consumer court any use?
Right now what is the price of HTC one in Dubai/UAE...
 plzzz in me anyone....; Right now what is the price of HTC one in Dubai/UAE...; plzzz in me anyone....
Same here. It was bad before (2 year old battery!) but now it's even worse. You say this is due to 5.02?; Same here. It was bad before (2 year old battery!) but now it's even worse. You say this is due to 5.02?
jimboyskie, 30 Mar 2015lOllipop 5.0 is already available here in the philippines. Are there any known issues to know ... moreHeyyo,
 
 I've experience the memory leak that people have complained about in 5.0.2 Lollipop. I fixed it via the Exposed module.
 
 http://forum.xda-developers.com/xposed/modules/xposed-fix-lollipop-memory-leak-t3065296 
 
 Now when I clear all my applications from the mutlitask window? I get about 52% free RAM instead of around 30%. She works like a charm! :); Heyyo,; I've experience the memory leak that people have complained about in 5.0.2 Lollipop. I fixed it via the Exposed module.; Now when I clear all my applications from the mutlitask window? I get about 52% free RAM instead of around 30%. She works like a charm! :)
jimboyskie, 30 Mar 2015lOllipop 5.0 is already available here in the philippines. Are there any known issues to know ... moreDon't upgrade to Lollipop. I have an HTC One and I upgraded it and my battery life seemed to go nuts. Now I have to restart it over and over to get my battery meter to work properly. Sometimes it says it's still full but after a few mins it suddenly dies.
 
 As for other stuff, it is well and good. It's just the battery meter irritates the hell out of me.; Don't upgrade to Lollipop. I have an HTC One and I upgraded it and my battery life seemed to go nuts. Now I have to restart it over and over to get my battery meter to work properly. Sometimes it says it's still full but after a few mins it suddenly dies.; As for other stuff, it is well and good. It's just the battery meter irritates the hell out of me.
where can i buy this, im in the netherlands and can buy from the netherlands, germany, the uk. The price suggestion here is 270 euros is that right?
 Is this the HTC one m7?
 
 Thanks in advance; where can i buy this, im in the netherlands and can buy from the netherlands, germany, the uk. The price suggestion here is 270 euros is that right?; Is this the HTC one m7?; Thanks in advance
Lollipop update release in India today; Lollipop update release in India today
lOllipop 5.0 is already available here in the philippines. Are there any known issues to know before i upgrade? Thanks; lOllipop 5.0 is already available here in the philippines. Are there any known issues to know before i upgrade? Thanks
annmoll, 26 Mar 2015I would recommend you to buy m8 as m7 will not receive any major android update as it is end p... moreI have upgraded my M7 to Follipop yesterday without any problem. It is working pretty well; I have upgraded my M7 to Follipop yesterday without any problem. It is working pretty well
Ravi, 26 Mar 2015hello folks Need ur feedback, I want to buy new phn htc one m7, there are many people who ar... moreI would recommend you to buy m8 as m7 will not receive any major android update as it is end period of its lifecycle...it's better to buy with warranty...bcoz many ppl gave u Chinese product saying it is original and brought from Thailand; I would recommend you to buy m8 as m7 will not receive any major android update as it is end period of its lifecycle...it's better to buy with warranty...bcoz many ppl gave u Chinese product saying it is original and brought from Thailand
Hey it could be a problem with lollipop...get it chkd st service centre; Hey it could be a problem with lollipop...get it chkd st service centre
annmoll, 23 Mar 2015In India we don't have carrier locked version....it's unlocked and independent of carrier.i upgraded my phone to lolipop and after 2 weeks my phone started to switch off switch on!what is these? Is this a problem of Lolipop?please help me what to do?; i upgraded my phone to lolipop and after 2 weeks my phone started to switch off switch on!what is these? Is this a problem of Lolipop?please help me what to do?
hello folks 
 Need ur feedback, I want to buy new phn htc one m7, there are many people who are selling this phn but without bill and without warranty,is that safe to buy from that. if someone has bought. plz give ur valuable feedback. I am from delhi.; hello folks; Need ur feedback, I want to buy new phn htc one m7, there are many people who are selling this phn but without bill and without warranty,is that safe to buy from that. if someone has bought. plz give ur valuable feedback. I am from delhi.
In India we don't have carrier locked version....it's unlocked and independent of carrier.; In India we don't have carrier locked version....it's unlocked and independent of carrier.
annmoll, 23 Mar 2015tried it but still no update in indiaLike I said, it depends upon your carrier too. The update is kinda... meh. 4.4.3 is better IMO.; Like I said, it depends upon your carrier too. The update is kinda... meh. 4.4.3 is better IMO.
keshavb, 23 Mar 2015Go to settings, Apps, All Apps and search for Updater. Clear everything you see: cache, data e... moretried it but still no update in india; tried it but still no update in india
William S, 20 Mar 2015HTC please fix the cam, my m7 camera have purple tint problem, can you fix it?? please responseIf you still have warranty, use it. Or else, send it to the nearest HTC Repair Centre.; If you still have warranty, use it. Or else, send it to the nearest HTC Repair Centre.
-xXx-, 20 Mar 2015Does Anyone know how to get rid of PINK /purple tint on camera?? If you still have warranty, send it back to wherever you bought it or the nearest HTC Customer Centre.; If you still have warranty, send it back to wherever you bought it or the nearest HTC Customer Centre.
ash, 22 Mar 2015Hi guys I felt sooo bad I was so big fan of HTC and in my family u can say HTC family Bt why H... moreYou've killed English!; You've killed English!
sam1902, 22 Mar 2015Did not receive lollipop update as of yet. Any one else like me ?????Go to settings, Apps, All Apps and search for Updater. Clear everything you see: cache, data etc. Restart your phone. If you see the update notification, great. Otherwise it depends on your carrier.; Go to settings, Apps, All Apps and search for Updater. Clear everything you see: cache, data etc. Restart your phone. If you see the update notification, great. Otherwise it depends on your carrier.
Did not receive lollipop update as of yet. Any one else like me ?????; Did not receive lollipop update as of yet. Any one else like me ?????
Did not receive lollipop update as of yet. Any one else like me ?????; Did not receive lollipop update as of yet. Any one else like me ?????
Hi guys I felt sooo bad I was so big fan of HTC and in my family u can say HTC family Bt why HTC is coping Samsung standards boss's in one word Don of the market never copy different bull shit ideas Samsung copies Apple and HTC coping Samsung why don't copy any daman things coz u are best in every touch and and every sector Bt now I days iam using 820 dual sim and 620g and 516 and from 5 years before I was using HTC one v there was a sexy beats audio feature Bt now a days this system is missing I used to play trance in my car from a 5 years ur sounds clearly like Apple coz we have beats audio I get response in minimum volume Bt in this phone not setisfied after raising the voice till so this impact so much 2nd bad touch 3 u coping Windows bad camera like Samsung plz do something and one thing Samsung is about to close for so please I am using Apple 5s also I can compare with ur HTC one v beats audio with Apple 5s so please give us back our HTC old style and sound BEATS AUDIO BEATS AUDIO BEATS AUDIO and side button change plzi will wait...... a person who lost is I phone will purchase Apple again or or or HTC never Samsung and LG u know what I am trying take my words in a positive way I personally suggest.......Gupta Ashish; Hi guys I felt sooo bad I was so big fan of HTC and in my family u can say HTC family Bt why HTC is coping Samsung standards boss's in one word Don of the market never copy different bull shit ideas Samsung copies Apple and HTC coping Samsung why don't copy any daman things coz u are best in every touch and and every sector Bt now I days iam using 820 dual sim and 620g and 516 and from 5 years before I was using HTC one v there was a sexy beats audio feature Bt now a days this system is missing I used to play trance in my car from a 5 years ur sounds clearly like Apple coz we have beats audio I get response in minimum volume Bt in this phone not setisfied after raising the voice till so this impact so much 2nd bad touch 3 u coping Windows bad camera like Samsung plz do something and one thing Samsung is about to close for so please I am using Apple 5s also I can compare with ur HTC one v beats audio with Apple 5s so please give us back our HTC old style and sound BEATS AUDIO BEATS AUDIO BEATS AUDIO and side button change plzi will wait...... a person who lost is I phone will purchase Apple again or or or HTC never Samsung and LG u know what I am trying take my words in a positive way I personally suggest.......Gupta Ashish
Just got myself second hand htc one to try because thinking of getting M9 as Sammy has let us down again this year. My stupid question is do the Home and Back keys not illuminate? Thanks.
 
 Not bothered about full testing of camera but the whole HTC experience and audio quality,screen and so on. Silly things count i love the visualiser feature in HTC own music app,have it set to Island Pulse.
 
 Impressions are good,audi thru earbuds superb and screen pin sharp thank goodness M9 will have 1080p screen and not QHD this will give better battery and GPU performance.; Just got myself second hand htc one to try because thinking of getting M9 as Sammy has let us down again this year. My stupid question is do the Home and Back keys not illuminate? Thanks.; Not bothered about full testing of camera but the whole HTC experience and audio quality,screen and so on. Silly things count i love the visualiser feature in HTC own music app,have it set to Island Pulse.; Impressions are good,audi thru earbuds superb and screen pin sharp thank goodness M9 will have 1080p screen and not QHD this will give better battery and GPU performance.
mailvcp, 25 Feb 2015Receiving update in india unlocked version.......Happy nowYour phone is bOught in India is it. Iam yet to receive lollipop update.. Mine is bought in india; Your phone is bOught in India is it. Iam yet to receive lollipop update.. Mine is bought in india
Well done HTC. After update social plug in for facebook,now my BlinkFeed can view my Facebook feed.Thanks.; Well done HTC. After update social plug in for facebook,now my BlinkFeed can view my Facebook feed.Thanks.
Does Anyone know how to get rid of PINK /purple tint on camera??; Does Anyone know how to get rid of PINK /purple tint on camera??
HTC please fix the cam, my m7 camera have purple tint problem, can you fix it?? please response; HTC please fix the cam, my m7 camera have purple tint problem, can you fix it?? please response
Wht about its battery life??; Wht about its battery life??
For HTC: Please Please improve the battery.... It simply needs to be fixed.
 You can't just build phones without improving on battery life.
 
 Its just a good eye catcher without the power/functionality inside.; For HTC: Please Please improve the battery.... It simply needs to be fixed.; You can't just build phones without improving on battery life.; Its just a good eye catcher without the power/functionality inside.
i am also getting issue with sens; i am also getting issue with sens
Did anyone facing BlinkFeed for Facebook problem ?? Since March 2015 start cannot update.; Did anyone facing BlinkFeed for Facebook problem ?? Since March 2015 start cannot update.
rk, 10 Mar 2015I bought new HTC m7 recently please anyone tell me how to close recently used processes...beca... moreDouble tap the home button u can see background running apps and also u can close it.; Double tap the home button u can see background running apps and also u can close it.
vijeyprasanna, 15 Mar 2015Please tell me a best antivirus software for my HTC one M7. At present I'm using avg. I need a... moreI'm using CM Security & I'm happy with it... you may download it from Play Store... no harm to try...; I'm using CM Security & I'm happy with it... you may download it from Play Store... no harm to try...
Please tell me a best antivirus software for my HTC one M7. At present I'm using avg. I need a best one. Please help me friends.; Please tell me a best antivirus software for my HTC one M7. At present I'm using avg. I need a best one. Please help me friends.
BC-M7, 12 Mar 2015After i hv updated to Android 4.4.3, the file manager appeared... before that - no! Anyway,... moreDear...my Phone htc m7 already preloaded with android version4.4.3 but it has no file manager...i don't know why...Because i hve not upgraded to this version...it has already this version preloaded..; Dear...my Phone htc m7 already preloaded with android version4.4.3 but it has no file manager...i don't know why...Because i hve not upgraded to this version...it has already this version preloaded..
Anonymous, 12 Mar 2015Guys I need to know. That purple cam error common error for every m7 or not. Plz hrryYes most of them do have the problem its to do with the motherboard over heating and the ZOE app aswell because that keeps running whilst your camera isnt. It happened to mine i spoke to HTC and i have just sent mine off to them to get it repaired for FREE speak to them see what they say :); Yes most of them do have the problem its to do with the motherboard over heating and the ZOE app aswell because that keeps running whilst your camera isnt. It happened to mine i spoke to HTC and i have just sent mine off to them to get it repaired for FREE speak to them see what they say :)
Anonymous, 12 Mar 2015Guys I need to know. That purple cam error common error for every m7 or not. Plz hrryYes most of the HTC One M7 models do get the purple/pink tint on the camera i have just sent mine of for repair it was free aswell speak to HTC and see what they say its worth a try :D; Yes most of the HTC One M7 models do get the purple/pink tint on the camera i have just sent mine of for repair it was free aswell speak to HTC and see what they say its worth a try :D
Did anyone facing BlinkFeed for Facebook problem ?? Since March 2015 start cannot update.; Did anyone facing BlinkFeed for Facebook problem ?? Since March 2015 start cannot update.
Hey when lollipop update for this phone in India..; Hey when lollipop update for this phone in India..
Anonymous, 12 Mar 2015Guys I need to know. That purple cam error common error for every m7 or not. Plz hrryMy phone was bought last year in april and is perfect working condition no camera problems at all no GAP no battery priblems or any of this. It have the last 5.0.2 update. I think the first units from 2 years ago had this problems; My phone was bought last year in april and is perfect working condition no camera problems at all no GAP no battery priblems or any of this. It have the last 5.0.2 update. I think the first units from 2 years ago had this problems
Guys I need to know. That purple cam error common error for every m7 or not. Plz hrry; Guys I need to know. That purple cam error common error for every m7 or not. Plz hrry
this phone was pretty impressive. and breakthrough phone. 
 so premium 
 unlike the false advertisement of others; this phone was pretty impressive. and breakthrough phone.; so premium; unlike the false advertisement of others
Never buy htc phone .. waste phones. .. waste service. . I have given my phone befire 1 month for repair till know they had not got repair my phone. .. waste phones; Never buy htc phone .. waste phones. .. waste service. . I have given my phone befire 1 month for repair till know they had not got repair my phone. .. waste phones
raj, 11 Mar 2015And please tell me one more thing.....that i hve not found file commander in this phone(file m... moreAfter i hv updated to Android 4.4.3, the file manager appeared... before that - no!
 
 Anyway, i still prefer to use ES File Explorer... you can download it anytime from Play Store...; After i hv updated to Android 4.4.3, the file manager appeared... before that - no!; Anyway, i still prefer to use ES File Explorer... you can download it anytime from Play Store...
NON, 10 Mar 2015double click on the "home" icon, the one to the right of the word HTCAnd please tell me one more thing.....that i hve not found file commander in this phone(file manager) is this phn have or not.....please; And please tell me one more thing.....that i hve not found file commander in this phone(file manager) is this phn have or not.....please
NON, 10 Mar 2015double click on the "home" icon, the one to the right of the word HTCIam very very thankful to u......for help me abou clearing background process..; Iam very very thankful to u......for help me abou clearing background process..
rk, 10 Mar 2015I bought new HTC m7 recently please anyone tell me how to close recently used processes...beca... moredouble click on the "home" icon, the one to the right of the word HTC; double click on the "home" icon, the one to the right of the word HTC
Anonymous, 09 Mar 2015Ask your Operator :)I need a help. Which is the best antivirus software for HTC one? I'm using avg. But I need a best one. Please help me.; I need a help. Which is the best antivirus software for HTC one? I'm using avg. But I need a best one. Please help me.
Which is the best antivirus software for HTC one? I'm using avg. Please tell me the best one.; Which is the best antivirus software for HTC one? I'm using avg. Please tell me the best one.
i dont easily get the HTC one charged when the battery is flat. it very annoying. enlight me about charging it; i dont easily get the HTC one charged when the battery is flat. it very annoying. enlight me about charging it
I bought new HTC m7 recently please anyone tell me how to close recently used processes...because this phone doesn't have background process showing key..
 Please anyone..; I bought new HTC m7 recently please anyone tell me how to close recently used processes...because this phone doesn't have background process showing key..; Please anyone..
mailvcp, 25 Feb 2015Receiving Update in india for unlocked HTC one m7 .......Happy......still no luck with the update.; still no luck with the update.
the purple tint is because of camera problem.if ur fone is in warranty u can get the camera module replaced.mine also had the same prob and got it rectified from the service centre free of cost.; the purple tint is because of camera problem.if ur fone is in warranty u can get the camera module replaced.mine also had the same prob and got it rectified from the service centre free of cost.
My phone HTC One M7 works very well but the camera without sufficient lighting has purple please who know how to solve this problem Thanks; My phone HTC One M7 works very well but the camera without sufficient lighting has purple please who know how to solve this problem Thanks
Surendheran, 09 Mar 2015I am HTC one mobile using android 4.4.2 i am liking android lollipop 5.0 release date please t... moreAsk your Operator :); Ask your Operator :)
I am HTC one mobile using android 4.4.2 i am liking android lollipop 5.0 release date please tell me india; I am HTC one mobile using android 4.4.2 i am liking android lollipop 5.0 release date please tell me india
Anyone have got lollipop update in india plz reply.; Anyone have got lollipop update in india plz reply.
Just got my lollipop here in Toronto....everything seems faster, more stable and no battery issues, Way to go HTC!; Just got my lollipop here in Toronto....everything seems faster, more stable and no battery issues, Way to go HTC!
EDIT:
 
 If your mobile is running android 5.0.2, after you choose Recovery (by pressing the Power button, no need to press volume Up button and Power button. It bypasses the red triangle sign and goes directly to Wipe Partition Cache. Just select it by tapping the Power button. It will reboot and go charge your mobile.
 
 Feel the change.; EDIT:; If your mobile is running android 5.0.2, after you choose Recovery (by pressing the Power button, no need to press volume Up button and Power button. It bypasses the red triangle sign and goes directly to Wipe Partition Cache. Just select it by tapping the Power button. It will reboot and go charge your mobile.; Feel the change.
Praiser Jweller, 01 Mar 2015three time try to update to android 5 but after 3 time error on update with dialog that says u... moreGo to settings, apps, all apps and look for updater. Clear all its caches, default etc and reboot. After that, try to update.; Go to settings, apps, all apps and look for updater. Clear all its caches, default etc and reboot. After that, try to update.
I feel that my HTC One's battery life improved a little bit with android 5.0.2. You just had to clear partition cache before the update. Also the battery should have been at 100%. 
 
 To clear partition cache:
 1. Switch off mobile.
 2. Wait about 5 seconds.
 3.Press Volume Down button and press Power button.
 4. Choose Recovery mood with Volume button. (Down)
 5. The screen will go black and then a red triangle will appear.
 6. You just have to press Volume Up button and tap the Power Button.
 7. Choose Wipe Partition Cache.
 8.After that, reboot. 
 
 Hope it helps.; I feel that my HTC One's battery life improved a little bit with android 5.0.2. You just had to clear partition cache before the update. Also the battery should have been at 100%.; To clear partition cache:; 1. Switch off mobile.; 2. Wait about 5 seconds.; 3.Press Volume Down button and press Power button.; 4. Choose Recovery mood with Volume button. (Down); 5. The screen will go black and then a red triangle will appear.; 6. You just have to press Volume Up button and tap the Power Button.; 7. Choose Wipe Partition Cache.; 8.After that, reboot.; Hope it helps.
Max, 26 Feb 2015Hey, I have been using it since march 2013. About people complaining purple tint on camera, lo... moreNot true! I've had my HTC One for almost two years and the purple tint in the camera started about six months ago, not from the start. It worked perfectly for the first year.; Not true! I've had my HTC One for almost two years and the purple tint in the camera started about six months ago, not from the start. It worked perfectly for the first year.
After update lollipop.battery going low in 1 minute. After full charge i removed tha charger then battery goes down to 3%.do you whats the reason of it?plz guys tell me; After update lollipop.battery going low in 1 minute. After full charge i removed tha charger then battery goes down to 3%.do you whats the reason of it?plz guys tell me
am in Ghana and still i have not receive my lollipop update yet.when am i getting it; am in Ghana and still i have not receive my lollipop update yet.when am i getting it
how to add user ...?? just got lollipop update; how to add user ...?? just got lollipop update
It's an amazing phone. I've been using it for 2 years, and it's still running well. The battery is still good, everything seems still perfect. The camera purple tint problem will be easily solved by replacing the insulator on the chip that caused the overheat that affect the camera. Other than that, this phone is highly recommended. Fit on hand, easily put in the pants' pocket, and beautiful design. Love this phone so much.; It's an amazing phone. I've been using it for 2 years, and it's still running well. The battery is still good, everything seems still perfect. The camera purple tint problem will be easily solved by replacing the insulator on the chip that caused the overheat that affect the camera. Other than that, this phone is highly recommended. Fit on hand, easily put in the pants' pocket, and beautiful design. Love this phone so much.
Relax, Lolipop update will automatically be available when it is ready for your operator/area (part of the world).; Relax, Lolipop update will automatically be available when it is ready for your operator/area (part of the world).
my htc one now....lolipop 5.0.2 version....it's good...and fast..i like..superp..; my htc one now....lolipop 5.0.2 version....it's good...and fast..i like..superp..
same here. did you get any luck to update; same here. did you get any luck to update
htconem7beats, 25 Feb 2015Wohiiooooooo lollipop updateeee finally after my Moto g updating....500mb of 801 Love HTC q... morehow to get lollipop for this phone,,
 send the link pls...; how to get lollipop for this phone,,; send the link pls...
dj psycho, 28 Feb 2015 just got an update two days before and its awesome:) thanx to HTC from Pakistan. now my htc i... morehi...
 How to update with 5.0 lollipop.
 can u send link of instructions....; hi...; How to update with 5.0 lollipop.; can u send link of instructions....
three time try to update to android 5 but after 3 time error on update with dialog that says update corrupted!; three time try to update to android 5 but after 3 time error on update with dialog that says update corrupted!
Hi people i've used this fantastic device for 1.5 years and it is amazing i loved it i've used all phones and ifound that samsung sucks sony is good but mostly i liked the iphone but this device is really amazing !; Hi people i've used this fantastic device for 1.5 years and it is amazing i loved it i've used all phones and ifound that samsung sucks sony is good but mostly i liked the iphone but this device is really amazing !
just got an update two days before and its awesome:) thanx to HTC from Pakistan. now my htc is running on lolilpop 5.0.2. htc sense version 6.0. software number 7.17.661.7 .; just got an update two days before and its awesome:) thanx to HTC from Pakistan. now my htc is running on lolilpop 5.0.2. htc sense version 6.0. software number 7.17.661.7 .
LucysTune, 23 Feb 2015I had this phone for close to 2 years, and the first 9 or 10 months were amazing, I thought I ... moreHey, I have been using it since march 2013. About people complaining purple tint on camera, look up in internet, it was a bad camera bath they received and they change it for free under warranty - if you have these tints it's from starting, it doesn't show up like after a year or two. Too bad people didn't change it in warranty and now complaining after 2 years of usage. It still has good build quality - best in industry, you must be so rough user.; Hey, I have been using it since march 2013. About people complaining purple tint on camera, look up in internet, it was a bad camera bath they received and they change it for free under warranty - if you have these tints it's from starting, it doesn't show up like after a year or two. Too bad people didn't change it in warranty and now complaining after 2 years of usage. It still has good build quality - best in industry, you must be so rough user.
Ok, not so much new except some make up here and there and the Sense 6.0 is not changed and if you ask why than Sense was way before Lollipop than the actual one. One thing is missing and that is the Guest Mode som much talked about and I hope HTC will do something in this regard. Do not expect revolutions...; Ok, not so much new except some make up here and there and the Sense 6.0 is not changed and if you ask why than Sense was way before Lollipop than the actual one. One thing is missing and that is the Guest Mode som much talked about and I hope HTC will do something in this regard. Do not expect revolutions...
Wohiiooooooo lollipop updateeee
 finally after my Moto g
 updating....500mb of 801
 Love HTC quietly amazing.; Wohiiooooooo lollipop updateeee; finally after my Moto g; updating....500mb of 801; Love HTC quietly amazing.
Just got the notification about Android 5.0 update. Charging my mobile right now, will get back to you guys after the update.; Just got the notification about Android 5.0 update. Charging my mobile right now, will get back to you guys after the update.
Lollipop 5.0 running in Kosovo; Lollipop 5.0 running in Kosovo
Receiving Update in india for unlocked HTC one m7 .......Happy......; Receiving Update in india for unlocked HTC one m7 .......Happy......
Receiving update in india unlocked version.......Happy now; Receiving update in india unlocked version.......Happy now
PROCA, 24 Feb 2015got lollipop in Romania a week ago. It's amazing. Nice features, improved battery life, speed. What firmware did you have before the update and what firware do you have now after the update? What CID does your M7 have? As far as I can see from every available source (HTC dev website, XDA etc.), the only RUU available is for the Dev Edition and nothing so far for the international unlocked version; What firmware did you have before the update and what firware do you have now after the update? What CID does your M7 have? As far as I can see from every available source (HTC dev website, XDA etc.), the only RUU available is for the Dev Edition and nothing so far for the international unlocked version
BB, 23 Feb 2015The worst phone ever. It stopped working 2 months after I bought it for no apparent reason. I ... moreplease update me cos I wanna buy some if it cant work properly let me know thanks; please update me cos I wanna buy some if it cant work properly let me know thanks
got lollipop in Romania a week ago. It's amazing.
 Nice features, improved battery life, speed.; got lollipop in Romania a week ago. It's amazing.; Nice features, improved battery life, speed.
Anirudh Karthik, 20 Feb 2015Any of you in India received Lollipop update? HTC One M7 Unlocked Edition India.your M7 Is single Sim or dual /801 or 802?; your M7 Is single Sim or dual /801 or 802?
akshay n..., 22 Feb 2015I am using a at&t htc one bought from us ... Im tottaly confused how to update my device ... moreall you have to go is go to setting->software update and update; all you have to go is go to setting->software update and update
The worst phone ever. It stopped working 2 months after I bought it for no apparent reason. I even tried repairing it a couple of times but to no avail.; The worst phone ever. It stopped working 2 months after I bought it for no apparent reason. I even tried repairing it a couple of times but to no avail.
I had this phone for close to 2 years, and the first 9 or 10 months were amazing, I thought I had the best phone on the market. After a year, shit went downhill. The camera started to have a purple tint in it and the quality was degraded, the touch buttons were sometimes unresponsive and even though it had an aluminum unibody, the bar of the front camera and top speaker began to come off (My bad for not putting it on a case).; I had this phone for close to 2 years, and the first 9 or 10 months were amazing, I thought I had the best phone on the market. After a year, shit went downhill. The camera started to have a purple tint in it and the quality was degraded, the touch buttons were sometimes unresponsive and even though it had an aluminum unibody, the bar of the front camera and top speaker began to come off (My bad for not putting it on a case).
I am using a at&t htc one bought from us ... Im tottaly confused how to update my device coz im nt getting any update .... So plzzz cn sum1 help.... Plzzz help; I am using a at&t htc one bought from us ... Im tottaly confused how to update my device coz im nt getting any update .... So plzzz cn sum1 help.... Plzzz help
Android lollipop release date March first time week; Android lollipop release date March first time week
Anirudh Karthik, 20 Feb 2015Any of you in India received Lollipop update? HTC One M7 Unlocked Edition India.No bro... Still waiting..; No bro... Still waiting..
Any of you in India received Lollipop update?
 
 HTC One M7 Unlocked Edition India.; Any of you in India received Lollipop update?; HTC One M7 Unlocked Edition India.
My phone slowly charge 3 hours; My phone slowly charge 3 hours
charging issue, phone is not charging when its power ON only charging when its power off also does not recognize usb. any help or solution please; charging issue, phone is not charging when its power ON only charging when its power off also does not recognize usb. any help or solution please
When we will receive the latest HTC sense update?; When we will receive the latest HTC sense update?
Chap, 18 Feb 2015No,top high-end phones does not need clean master,it will only harm the phone,uninsal it. The ... moreThank you very much brother.; Thank you very much brother.
vijeyprasanna, 16 Feb 2015Just now got the lollipop update and I updated.works fine.clean master app downloaded with New... moreNo,top high-end phones does not need clean master,it will only harm the phone,uninsal it. The phone has its own ram menager,use that,not the clean master.; No,top high-end phones does not need clean master,it will only harm the phone,uninsal it. The phone has its own ram menager,use that,not the clean master.
This phone has also LE on Bluetooth.; This phone has also LE on Bluetooth.
vijeyprasanna, 16 Feb 2015Just now got the lollipop update and I updated.works fine.clean master app downloaded with New... morei uninstalled it. personally, i do not need application that "kills" those "dormant" applications. i believe android has its own application management system to handle those kind of issues.; i uninstalled it. personally, i do not need application that "kills" those "dormant" applications. i believe android has its own application management system to handle those kind of issues.
Just now got the lollipop update and I updated.works fine.clean master app downloaded with New update.I want to know that,clean master need for my phone or no need.if it no need then I can uninstall it.Please tell me...; Just now got the lollipop update and I updated.works fine.clean master app downloaded with New update.I want to know that,clean master need for my phone or no need.if it no need then I can uninstall it.Please tell me...
@Dev, 16 Feb 2015Yes Dear ,Do factory reset after update. why would you factory reset after the update? will it not remove the update itself? I thinking you mean to say clear cache partition..; why would you factory reset after the update? will it not remove the update itself? I thinking you mean to say clear cache partition..
usama, 15 Feb 2015is its run flow less ? any problem u get after lollipop update Yes Dear ,Do factory reset after update.; Yes Dear ,Do factory reset after update.
what about its camera 4 mp is its nice or aweful ?; what about its camera 4 mp is its nice or aweful ?
lollipop (software update 7.18..708.2) already seeding in Philippines.. will update later.. :); lollipop (software update 7.18..708.2) already seeding in Philippines.. will update later.. :)
@Dev, 13 Feb 2015Successfully Updated M7 Single Sim with Lollipop 5.0.2 on 06/02 Best Android OS. + New lock ... moreis its run flow less ? any problem u get after lollipop update; is its run flow less ? any problem u get after lollipop update
If you would like to know when the Lollipop update will occur simply go to HTC's website, choose your carrier and it will tell you what stage it is in for release. For AT&T I heard it will be the first quarter (by the end of March). Hope this helps!; If you would like to know when the Lollipop update will occur simply go to HTC's website, choose your carrier and it will tell you what stage it is in for release. For AT&T I heard it will be the first quarter (by the end of March). Hope this helps!
When lollipop update for htc one will come to romania????; When lollipop update for htc one will come to romania????
My mobile not received lollipop 5.0 update lollipop update India release date please detail; My mobile not received lollipop 5.0 update lollipop update India release date please detail
Chap, 07 Feb 2015Well,i have an information that all htc one devices that were produced after september 2013 do... moreNothing like that. I bought it after that and the pink problem is too bad; Nothing like that. I bought it after that and the pink problem is too bad
i have the htc one, brand new, the problem is people on the other side cant hear me when they call me. what is the problem with the mouth piece.; i have the htc one, brand new, the problem is people on the other side cant hear me when they call me. what is the problem with the mouth piece.
i have the htc one, brand new, the problem is people on the other side cant hear me when they call me. what is the problem with the mouth piece.; i have the htc one, brand new, the problem is people on the other side cant hear me when they call me. what is the problem with the mouth piece.
My htc one is not updating in 4.4.4
 It's stuck on 4.4.3; My htc one is not updating in 4.4.4; It's stuck on 4.4.3
Successfully Updated M7 Single Sim with Lollipop 5.0.2 on 06/02
 Best Android OS.
 + New lock screen Notification 
 + New Material design
 + Record Slow motion Video
 + Card Type Task bar; Successfully Updated M7 Single Sim with Lollipop 5.0.2 on 06/02; Best Android OS.; + New lock screen Notification; + New Material design; + Record Slow motion Video; + Card Type Task bar
Is that a battery for ants?; Is that a battery for ants?
Txt one pls help me but camera no good pike colas; Txt one pls help me but camera no good pike colas
The one, 07 Feb 2015I've had this purple camera problem since last year. Speakers have got noisy. Some android upd... moreI got same problems too, first my camera goes purple, than led notification ligght gone, and lastly it started to not connect gsm. At this point i couldnt use my phone and i give it to warranty.
 
 They said this is a common problem they get with htc ones and problem is with its mother card. Hopefully they fix it in warranty and my phone works well now.i think you should give it to manufacturer; I got same problems too, first my camera goes purple, than led notification ligght gone, and lastly it started to not connect gsm. At this point i couldnt use my phone and i give it to warranty.; They said this is a common problem they get with htc ones and problem is with its mother card. Hopefully they fix it in warranty and my phone works well now.i think you should give it to manufacturer
Please how do I fix "UIDs on the system are inconsistent, you need to wipe your data partition or your device will be unstable" in my HTC One (M7)?
 
 I just got this error message and it seems my phone is not working any longer.
 
 Thank you!; Please how do I fix "UIDs on the system are inconsistent, you need to wipe your data partition or your device will be unstable" in my HTC One (M7)?; I just got this error message and it seems my phone is not working any longer.; Thank you!
The one, 07 Feb 2015I've had this purple camera problem since last year. Speakers have got noisy. Some android upd... moreYeah I had the same problem. Especially the camera. HTC will fix it as its the manufacturers fault. A chip in the phone gets over heated that's why the purple tint comes on the back. Why not call HTC and see what they say if they will fix it free of charge; Yeah I had the same problem. Especially the camera. HTC will fix it as its the manufacturers fault. A chip in the phone gets over heated that's why the purple tint comes on the back. Why not call HTC and see what they say if they will fix it free of charge
Anonymous, 08 Feb 2015hey guys i bought this htc one m7 dual sim. the only issue i find is it gets overheat and came... moreTheres no duo sim htc one, im thinking you got a clone instead; Theres no duo sim htc one, im thinking you got a clone instead
hey guys i bought this htc one m7 dual sim. the only issue i find is it gets overheat and camera quality not to the mark. sound sytem superb coz of beats.; hey guys i bought this htc one m7 dual sim. the only issue i find is it gets overheat and camera quality not to the mark. sound sytem superb coz of beats.
I've had this purple camera problem since last year. Speakers have got noisy. Some android updates brought minor software bugs even at basic usages which is now fixed. However, the phone itself is still running good and smooth.; I've had this purple camera problem since last year. Speakers have got noisy. Some android updates brought minor software bugs even at basic usages which is now fixed. However, the phone itself is still running good and smooth.
sbkking, 05 Feb 2015hey friend: i am using htc one since September, but i got a problem after updating it. ... morePlease buy a cheap phone dont spend too much of money on htc.... it is useless phone ever seen.
 
 all the phones will go touch or small issues. 
 
 My phone gone mother board. 
 
 initially it has started with not showing of network signal. 
 
 I thought it was the mistake of service provider but this problem occurs in htc after you finish warranty.
 
 i checked the same problem with another person in my place.
 
 really useless phone ever seen.
 
 It is simply cheating.; Please buy a cheap phone dont spend too much of money on htc.... it is useless phone ever seen.; all the phones will go touch or small issues.; My phone gone mother board.; initially it has started with not showing of network signal.; I thought it was the mistake of service provider but this problem occurs in htc after you finish warranty.; i checked the same problem with another person in my place.; really useless phone ever seen.; It is simply cheating.
Xulfi, 01 Feb 2015Guys does all the HTC One model have this purple camera background issue or some are effected by it?Well,i have an information that all htc one devices that were produced after september 2013 does not have purple,red,etc camera problems.; Well,i have an information that all htc one devices that were produced after september 2013 does not have purple,red,etc camera problems.
Pathetic Service
 I am coordinating with Kurla Service center from Past One month for HTC one X Mobile which belongs to our Director. I require Mobile Panel which I havent received till date. There is also Landline Number which is also mention on your invoice as I had got camera repaired from same service center. But its not of use, Land line never get connect. I have already sent my office boy more than four to five times to check the status of New panel which we have request for. The store person just informed that he havent received the part form Bangalore Team
 If this scenario of Service center and if you are not able to provide support after paying also then please do not sell such high value cell phone in market.
 I have banned all our employee staff to purchase any kind of Gadget which belongs to HTC.; Pathetic Service; I am coordinating with Kurla Service center from Past One month for HTC one X Mobile which belongs to our Director. I require Mobile Panel which I havent received till date. There is also Landline Number which is also mention on your invoice as I had got camera repaired from same service center. But its not of use, Land line never get connect. I have already sent my office boy more than four to five times to check the status of New panel which we have request for. The store person just informed that he havent received the part form Bangalore Team; If this scenario of Service center and if you are not able to provide support after paying also then please do not sell such high value cell phone in market.; I have banned all our employee staff to purchase any kind of Gadget which belongs to HTC.
hey friend:
 
 i am using htc one since September, but i got a problem after updating it. HTC gallery is uninstall automatically.
 i install it from play store, every time i install gallery it doesn't install demand for update of software. please tell me the solution.; hey friend:; i am using htc one since September, but i got a problem after updating it. HTC gallery is uninstall automatically.; i install it from play store, every time i install gallery it doesn't install demand for update of software. please tell me the solution.
My HTC was Not Charging & When connected to Laptop,
 USB not Recognized , OH Great, I have downloaded the HTC Manager & Still No good. But Did some Reading on the Web,
 Advice, Press Volume Down Button & Off Togethar.
 Its done something, on restart Phone was updating & Charging.
 I Now have a Full Battery for a Change
 I'm just doing a Restart to double Check, All seems Fine, But 
 I have just put Brightness on Full to drain Battery a Little, & Will Reconnect to see if Charging Take's Place again
 USB Cable plugged back in, No USB Warning box Great,,
 Just a Red Light on Mobile, Fingers Crossed, 
 Brilliant it Works,, Green light on & Battery FULL.
 So Try ON/OFF & Volume Down Together, Switch back on, &
 Hopefully your HTC One7 Should Charge from your Laptop; My HTC was Not Charging & When connected to Laptop,; USB not Recognized , OH Great, I have downloaded the HTC Manager & Still No good. But Did some Reading on the Web,; Advice, Press Volume Down Button & Off Togethar.; Its done something, on restart Phone was updating & Charging.; I Now have a Full Battery for a Change; I'm just doing a Restart to double Check, All seems Fine, But; I have just put Brightness on Full to drain Battery a Little, & Will Reconnect to see if Charging Take's Place again; USB Cable plugged back in, No USB Warning box Great,,; Just a Red Light on Mobile, Fingers Crossed,; Brilliant it Works,, Green light on & Battery FULL.; So Try ON/OFF & Volume Down Together, Switch back on, &; Hopefully your HTC One7 Should Charge from your Laptop
Guys, How works the battery in M7, and tell me how is this model in totally.; Guys, How works the battery in M7, and tell me how is this model in totally.
I am facing purple camera issue, and my phone is one & half year old. Still its done at free of cost in service centre?; I am facing purple camera issue, and my phone is one & half year old. Still its done at free of cost in service centre?
Xulfi, 01 Feb 2015Guys does all the HTC One model have this purple camera background issue or some are effected by it?It is defective, i was have same issue then it is replased from HTC.; It is defective, i was have same issue then it is replased from HTC.
Guys does all the HTC One model have this purple camera background issue or some are effected by it?; Guys does all the HTC One model have this purple camera background issue or some are effected by it?
Anonymous, 30 Jan 2015pink colour back up comes in photosreplace the camera by htc, then it will work, i has the same problem; replace the camera by htc, then it will work, i has the same problem
lets start with the bad news first. a few months ago, my htc one konked out. it just showed a green screen, can't reboot, can't do a damn thing. all my memory - photos, settings, etc, all lost. 
 
 Fortunately, the story gets a lot better from here. I brought it into the HTC customer service shop here in Singapore. It was just beyond the warranty but they agreed to fix it for free. A few days later, when I went back to get the phone, they returned it, fully functioning. They also replaced the camera and vibrator, saying they found them faulty. 
 
 Since then, the phone has been working perfectly. The new camera is much better - sharper and a lot better in dim lighting. Recently, I also upgraded the software to 6.13.707.7. I thought it was lollipop but actually still 4.4.3. But once over that mild disappointment, the phone turned out to be a lot smoother under this software upgrade. Everything - the touch, the swipe, even the typing - all buttery smooth, comparable with Apple! 
 
 My HTC One is coming to 2 years now. And I have no plans to change it - it does what it needs to do well. With good engineering and after sales service - HTC is doing a lot of things right. Give them a chance, will you?; lets start with the bad news first. a few months ago, my htc one konked out. it just showed a green screen, can't reboot, can't do a damn thing. all my memory - photos, settings, etc, all lost.; Fortunately, the story gets a lot better from here. I brought it into the HTC customer service shop here in Singapore. It was just beyond the warranty but they agreed to fix it for free. A few days later, when I went back to get the phone, they returned it, fully functioning. They also replaced the camera and vibrator, saying they found them faulty.; Since then, the phone has been working perfectly. The new camera is much better - sharper and a lot better in dim lighting. Recently, I also upgraded the software to 6.13.707.7. I thought it was lollipop but actually still 4.4.3. But once over that mild disappointment, the phone turned out to be a lot smoother under this software upgrade. Everything - the touch, the swipe, even the typing - all buttery smooth, comparable with Apple!; My HTC One is coming to 2 years now. And I have no plans to change it - it does what it needs to do well. With good engineering and after sales service - HTC is doing a lot of things right. Give them a chance, will you?
my htc speackers having noise, its dead actually, and many of my frineds having many issuse on htc, but still i use; my htc speackers having noise, its dead actually, and many of my frineds having many issuse on htc, but still i use
gab, 28 Jan 2015also have got the pink issue driving me mad cant gt good picspink colour back up comes in photos; pink colour back up comes in photos
gab, 28 Jan 2015should i bother updating software on my htc one works fine whats in lolipop thats worth itapart from i should say the camera; apart from i should say the camera
pixuella, 13 Jan 2015I also cannot update my HTC one, it's stuck on 4.4.3. And the camera is pink because the seal ... morealso have got the pink issue driving me mad cant gt good pics; also have got the pink issue driving me mad cant gt good pics
miyan, 21 Jan 2015guys....! Jst download powercam app for camera issue and show the result..is that a free app; is that a free app
should i bother updating software on my htc one works fine whats in lolipop thats worth it; should i bother updating software on my htc one works fine whats in lolipop thats worth it
has the onscreen buttons occurs on m7 after getting lollipop update...; has the onscreen buttons occurs on m7 after getting lollipop update...
AhmedTarekR9, 26 Jan 2015I have got Lollipop 5.0.2 on my HTC ONE M7 and it is very amazing!!!hey dude tell me how u upgrade in lallipop verison n HTC one M7.....and tell me where buy this phone in online or shop online means pls send me the link; hey dude tell me how u upgrade in lallipop verison n HTC one M7.....and tell me where buy this phone in online or shop online means pls send me the link
I have got Lollipop 5.0.2 on my HTC ONE M7 and it is very amazing!!!; I have got Lollipop 5.0.2 on my HTC ONE M7 and it is very amazing!!!
moji jon, 25 Jan 2015its very very good in android 4.4.4 but in 5 have problems How i update my phone in 4.4.4; How i update my phone in 4.4.4
lotfisport, 10 Jan 2015my htc one camera showing pink. what is that? will you please tell me how to fix my htc one c... moreBeats audio simbol doesn't show on my HTC one default player screen. What could be the possible cause?; Beats audio simbol doesn't show on my HTC one default player screen. What could be the possible cause?
nipuna, 24 Jan 2015How was the battery life on m8? Good or bad?its very very good in android 4.4.4 but in 5 have problems; its very very good in android 4.4.4 but in 5 have problems
m8 user, 13 Jan 2015M8 won the best music phone. The sound that comes out of it is phenomenal. Go and buy it . by ... moreHow was the battery life on m8? Good or bad?; How was the battery life on m8? Good or bad?
After the update to Sense 6 ( android 4.4.3 ) my speakers are very quiet. Anyone has the same question ? I've read so many forums about this problem but i dont found a solution. I only found something like "Loud Sound Patch" for HTC One, but i dont know how to flash it :D Please help i want my boomsound back ...; After the update to Sense 6 ( android 4.4.3 ) my speakers are very quiet. Anyone has the same question ? I've read so many forums about this problem but i dont found a solution. I only found something like "Loud Sound Patch" for HTC One, but i dont know how to flash it :D Please help i want my boomsound back ...
jollypop, 21 Jan 2015You reconfigure the automative reset settings on via the hardweb platform. And bonapetiteSorry bro i don't understand 
 Tell me in simple language; Sorry bro i don't understand; Tell me in simple language
Hello frnds my htc one battery backup sooo bad !!! How to improve nd fix this problem plzz tell me; Hello frnds my htc one battery backup sooo bad !!! How to improve nd fix this problem plzz tell me
My HTC m7 getting over heat on 3d game,charging time, on using internet continually.; My HTC m7 getting over heat on 3d game,charging time, on using internet continually.
Does anybody know if I partition a part of my external hard drive to FAT32 if my phone can read it? Phone only read my flash drive but can't read my external hard drive.; Does anybody know if I partition a part of my external hard drive to FAT32 if my phone can read it? Phone only read my flash drive but can't read my external hard drive.
My htc one m7 is not updating in 4.4.4 
 It's stuck on 4.4.3; My htc one m7 is not updating in 4.4.4; It's stuck on 4.4.3
honey, 21 Jan 2015My htc one m7 is stuck on 4.4.3 what i do??You reconfigure the automative reset settings on via the hardweb platform. And bonapetite; You reconfigure the automative reset settings on via the hardweb platform. And bonapetite
My htc one m7 is stuck on 4.4.3 what i do??; My htc one m7 is stuck on 4.4.3 what i do??
My htc one m7 is stuck on 4.4.3 what i do??; My htc one m7 is stuck on 4.4.3 what i do??
guys....!
 Jst download powercam app for camera issue and show the result..; guys....!; Jst download powercam app for camera issue and show the result..
Dim123, 18 Jan 2015 I have no any service center in my state (Sri Lanka) so what shall i do for that ( For pink c... moreGo to HTC website & send email to them asking for help & see what is the best they can do for you...; Go to HTC website & send email to them asking for help & see what is the best they can do for you...
I have also same problem of camera we have no htc center in nepal.what we can do; I have also same problem of camera we have no htc center in nepal.what we can do
Dim123, 18 Jan 2015 I have no any service center in my state (Sri Lanka) so what shall i do for that ( For pink c... moreDear friend,I'm also from Sri Lanka. I'm also got this same problem. If you got a solution for this problem,please help me also.; Dear friend,I'm also from Sri Lanka. I'm also got this same problem. If you got a solution for this problem,please help me also.
if i buy a US factory unlocked m7 will it be able to take 3g outside the US?; if i buy a US factory unlocked m7 will it be able to take 3g outside the US?
I have no any service center in my state (Sri Lanka) so what shall i do for that ( For pink colloure camera issue in HTC m7 ); I have no any service center in my state (Sri Lanka) so what shall i do for that ( For pink colloure camera issue in HTC m7 )
Power off and seem also off ,please how can I solve this problems?; Power off and seem also off ,please how can I solve this problems?
the side lock button has not do worked propley and touch button has not worked so i rqst to u to solve this problem; the side lock button has not do worked propley and touch button has not worked so i rqst to u to solve this problem
Why the display of the camera of HTC 1 is so red and pink; Why the display of the camera of HTC 1 is so red and pink
Dim123, 15 Jan 2015any one please help me to find solution for htc m7 pink camera error The only solution is to send back to the nearest HTC service centre & replace the camera part. 
 
 NO other choices because its a hardware issue.; The only solution is to send back to the nearest HTC service centre & replace the camera part.; NO other choices because its a hardware issue.
I would like to explain my big inconvenience with Htc warranty service, that i have bought HTC Desire X Dual Sim (11395-00 rupees ) on 08-06-2014 at Girias Investment (P)Ltd.
 When i bought it after four days it has got a slight crack in display after falls down. but performance is quietly brilliant until 17-12-2014 , by the day i have used last i just unplug while charging ,from then on my phone is completely shutting down & not displays anything. then i have given to HOSUR service center, after 7 days HTC service center executive called me and told the estimated cost of rupees 11600-00 to repair.
 because i am sending this mail to you I am a warranty customer why should i have to pay for repair over than mobile's purchase cost & one more thing i need to share with you i was using same mobile before i bought it, unfortunately somewhere that mobile got misplaced. i had a great experience with HTC mobile but now iam completely got hurt ,i hope you get the proper response to this entire conversation.
 Ramesh.Y; I would like to explain my big inconvenience with Htc warranty service, that i have bought HTC Desire X Dual Sim (11395-00 rupees ) on 08-06-2014 at Girias Investment (P)Ltd.; When i bought it after four days it has got a slight crack in display after falls down. but performance is quietly brilliant until 17-12-2014 , by the day i have used last i just unplug while charging ,from then on my phone is completely shutting down & not displays anything. then i have given to HOSUR service center, after 7 days HTC service center executive called me and told the estimated cost of rupees 11600-00 to repair.; because i am sending this mail to you I am a warranty customer why should i have to pay for repair over than mobile's purchase cost & one more thing i need to share with you i was using same mobile before i bought it, unfortunately somewhere that mobile got misplaced. i had a great experience with HTC mobile but now iam completely got hurt ,i hope you get the proper response to this entire conversation.; Ramesh.Y
any one please help me to find solution for htc m7 pink camera error; any one please help me to find solution for htc m7 pink camera error
rz, 15 Jan 2015i have a problem connecting my htc one m7 via usb to my laptop. it doesnt work at all. it only... moreTry to install HTC Sync Manager into your laptop & then connect again...; Try to install HTC Sync Manager into your laptop & then connect again...
i have a problem connecting my htc one m7 via usb to my laptop. it doesnt work at all. it only shows that the phone is charging. help me please.; i have a problem connecting my htc one m7 via usb to my laptop. it doesnt work at all. it only shows that the phone is charging. help me please.
im waiting andriod 5.0 for my M7.; im waiting andriod 5.0 for my M7.
inspe, 12 Jan 2015this is irritating, 1st how to update to version 6 coz have tried in vain. 2.camera showing ... moreI also cannot update my HTC one, it's stuck on 4.4.3. And the camera is pink because the seal around the camera get's warm from the phone temperature and it's showing off pink undertowns due to that. I heard it was a problem with the phones which were bought early after the phone was released (I bough mine august 2013) it's hella annoying. Plus the fact that the phone slowed down really much since the first time use and that I can not put more memory in it (I already ran out); I also cannot update my HTC one, it's stuck on 4.4.3. And the camera is pink because the seal around the camera get's warm from the phone temperature and it's showing off pink undertowns due to that. I heard it was a problem with the phones which were bought early after the phone was released (I bough mine august 2013) it's hella annoying. Plus the fact that the phone slowed down really much since the first time use and that I can not put more memory in it (I already ran out)
vijeyprasanna, 08 Jan 2015Friend, I'm also using this phone. I'm planning to buy a M8 now. I'm a music lover. I'm using ... moreM8 won the best music phone. The sound that comes out of it is phenomenal. Go and buy it . by the way, M8 is also awarded phone of the year; M8 won the best music phone. The sound that comes out of it is phenomenal. Go and buy it . by the way, M8 is also awarded phone of the year
the gorilla glass on the htc is very poor it shatters to easy . i have own other phone and drop from 6 feet high and nothing happend this one i drop 10 inch and it just shattered. so protect front of your phone . just from my experience.; the gorilla glass on the htc is very poor it shatters to easy . i have own other phone and drop from 6 feet high and nothing happend this one i drop 10 inch and it just shattered. so protect front of your phone . just from my experience.
why is it that when i connect my htc one on charge when its on its not charging but when its off its charging? and even when its off, it takes a very long time to be fully charged, i.e it indicates sign of charger connected later blinks on charge mode then restarts again. this process is continuous till it its fully charged. i don't understand this can some one help me.; why is it that when i connect my htc one on charge when its on its not charging but when its off its charging? and even when its off, it takes a very long time to be fully charged, i.e it indicates sign of charger connected later blinks on charge mode then restarts again. this process is continuous till it its fully charged. i don't understand this can some one help me.
this is irritating,
 1st how to update to version 6 coz have tried in vain.
 2.camera showing pink???????/
 3.battery going low too fast and not many apps running.; this is irritating,; 1st how to update to version 6 coz have tried in vain.; 2.camera showing pink???????/; 3.battery going low too fast and not many apps running.
my htc one camera showing pink.
 what is that? will you please tell me how to fix my htc one camera pink????????????; my htc one camera showing pink.; what is that? will you please tell me how to fix my htc one camera pink????????????
my htc one camera showing pink.
 what is that? will you please tell me how to fix my htc one camera pink????????????; my htc one camera showing pink.; what is that? will you please tell me how to fix my htc one camera pink????????????
My phone doesn't have uppdate option under settings. I can't update this phone , im stuck 4.2.2 jelly beam and it's 16 gb model not 32 . Wtf Htc ? I bought it new 2 month ago. F... u Htc .; My phone doesn't have uppdate option under settings. I can't update this phone , im stuck 4.2.2 jelly beam and it's 16 gb model not 32 . Wtf Htc ? I bought it new 2 month ago. F... u Htc .
why is it that my camera was pink? how can i manage that?; why is it that my camera was pink? how can i manage that?
Please dont buy HTC any mobile. If you are really interested to buy HTC.. then please take 1 hour of your time ti visit the HTC Customer service center and decide .. whether to buy HTC or to purchase any other. In HTC series below 200 you cannot connect to your laptop or desktop... so as 8816 series also you cant connect to laptop or desktop for using internet via phone... touch is really poor...; Please dont buy HTC any mobile. If you are really interested to buy HTC.. then please take 1 hour of your time ti visit the HTC Customer service center and decide .. whether to buy HTC or to purchase any other. In HTC series below 200 you cannot connect to your laptop or desktop... so as 8816 series also you cant connect to laptop or desktop for using internet via phone... touch is really poor...
Most of Htc One M7s get camera issue of pink color. Does the new M8 have the same problem as M7?; Most of Htc One M7s get camera issue of pink color. Does the new M8 have the same problem as M7?
are there any physical location for HTC in the US? do I have to send it by mail?; are there any physical location for HTC in the US? do I have to send it by mail?
for pink camera issue send your phone to service center. they replace the camera.; for pink camera issue send your phone to service center. they replace the camera.
lotfisport, 10 Jan 2015my htc one camera showing pink. what is that? will you please tell me how to fix my htc one c... moremy htc one camera showing pink.
 what is that? will you please tell me how to fix my htc one camera pink fix.; my htc one camera showing pink.; what is that? will you please tell me how to fix my htc one camera pink fix.
lotfisport, 10 Jan 2015my htc one camera showing pink. what is that? will you please tell me how to fix my htc one c... moremy htc one camera showing pink.
 what is that? will you please tell me how to fix my htc one camera pink fix.; my htc one camera showing pink.; what is that? will you please tell me how to fix my htc one camera pink fix.
my htc one camera showing pink.
 what is that? will you please tell me how to fix my htc one camera pink fix.; my htc one camera showing pink.; what is that? will you please tell me how to fix my htc one camera pink fix.
Problem photo en nuit; Problem photo en nuit
yes, the camera has issue that in low light condition appearing pink color. The photos are taken in low light condition not so great. Day light should be fine.; yes, the camera has issue that in low light condition appearing pink color. The photos are taken in low light condition not so great. Day light should be fine.
I am using this phone for six months. The audio volume is very low .Could you pl. advise me how to improve the volume of sound.; I am using this phone for six months. The audio volume is very low .Could you pl. advise me how to improve the volume of sound.
Anonymous, 08 Jan 2015I've been using this phone for the last four months. It's a fantastic one. Amazing. Very fast ... morefriend have you notice purpul or pink tint issue in the camera..???; friend have you notice purpul or pink tint issue in the camera..???
Anonymous, 08 Jan 2015I've been using this phone for the last four months. It's a fantastic one. Amazing. Very fast ... moreFriend, I'm also using this phone. I'm planning to buy a M8 now. I'm a music lover. I'm using Beats audio earphone for my M7.it's produce superior sound quality. but M8 not built with beats audio. I want to know that, how is the sound quality of M8.not about speaker quality. Please tell me about earphone out quality.; Friend, I'm also using this phone. I'm planning to buy a M8 now. I'm a music lover. I'm using Beats audio earphone for my M7.it's produce superior sound quality. but M8 not built with beats audio. I want to know that, how is the sound quality of M8.not about speaker quality. Please tell me about earphone out quality.
I've been using this phone for the last four months. It's a fantastic one. Amazing. Very fast and smooth and the camera is also great. I can't wait for Lollipop to make it even better!! For anyone who is interested definitely go for it!!; I've been using this phone for the last four months. It's a fantastic one. Amazing. Very fast and smooth and the camera is also great. I can't wait for Lollipop to make it even better!! For anyone who is interested definitely go for it!!
HTC one m7 is one of the fabulous cellular phone ... guys plz don't believe in rumors .... try to believe it; HTC one m7 is one of the fabulous cellular phone ... guys plz don't believe in rumors .... try to believe it
sharan deep, 07 Jan 2015Hi plzz help me iwant to get a phone so shud i buy htc one m7 or sgs4 plzz help me ou lt guyzAsk anyone or you can test it yourself. M& beats Galaxy S4 hands down; Ask anyone or you can test it yourself. M& beats Galaxy S4 hands down
Hi plzz help me iwant to get a phone so shud i buy htc one m7 or sgs4 plzz help me ou lt guyz; Hi plzz help me iwant to get a phone so shud i buy htc one m7 or sgs4 plzz help me ou lt guyz
krishna, 30 Dec 2014Hi plz anybody help me how to make video call from m7vedio with skype or other third party app is possible internally there is no feature of video call; vedio with skype or other third party app is possible internally there is no feature of video call
Anonymous, 02 Jan 2015Is it good when using heavy games or is the adreno 320 too old?you can play heavy games aderno 320 is not too old even most wanted runs smooth; you can play heavy games aderno 320 is not too old even most wanted runs smooth
my htc one camera showing pink.
 what is that? will you please tell me how to fix my htc one camera pink fix.; my htc one camera showing pink.; what is that? will you please tell me how to fix my htc one camera pink fix.
Dear all, for HTC desire auto reboot, restart. Switchover all these for only one option disable 
 
 I.e go to option select power option and 
 Disable fast reboot 
 
 I too worried but it resolved and no need to install or flash OS. 
 
 Enjoy; Dear all, for HTC desire auto reboot, restart. Switchover all these for only one option disable; I.e go to option select power option and; Disable fast reboot; I too worried but it resolved and no need to install or flash OS.; Enjoy
HTC desire 816 the worst mobile don't bye even though it could not worst service sender; HTC desire 816 the worst mobile don't bye even though it could not worst service sender
KEE, 05 Jan 2015is posible to fix that purple lens camera. need to send back service center to replace a new ... moreno fix.. in my case, HTC official reseller replaced me a whole phone. i got a new one :); no fix.. in my case, HTC official reseller replaced me a whole phone. i got a new one :)
what is HTC PN071. because it shows as my phone name yet other's have their phone as "HTC One"..; what is HTC PN071. because it shows as my phone name yet other's have their phone as "HTC One"..
HTC Fanatic :(, 04 Jan 2015what gives about this tinted color camera,.. disappointed with this HTC One.. hmmm i been a... moreis posible to fix that purple lens camera.
 need to send back service center to replace a new camera lens; is posible to fix that purple lens camera.; need to send back service center to replace a new camera lens
HTC Fanatic :(, 04 Jan 2015what gives about this tinted color camera,.. disappointed with this HTC One.. hmmm i been a... moreIf the phone is refurbished, im afraid that the warranty has expired, as the warranty can cover the camera's replacement. However, you can possibly send it in for repair, but you will be charged. If the phone is new (which is unlikely), you can send it in for repair, and it is free since, as i have said, its covered by the warranty.; If the phone is refurbished, im afraid that the warranty has expired, as the warranty can cover the camera's replacement. However, you can possibly send it in for repair, but you will be charged. If the phone is new (which is unlikely), you can send it in for repair, and it is free since, as i have said, its covered by the warranty.
mcsteveman, 16 Dec 2014It Nice But I can't update my HTC since I bought it.I have downloaded the update But can't int... moreHi did you find out how to update?since i brought this phone i dont know why i cant even download anything; Hi did you find out how to update?since i brought this phone i dont know why i cant even download anything
what gives about this tinted color camera,.. disappointed with this HTC One.. hmmm
 
 i been a fan of HTC , for their Quality and Assurance to satisfy client beyond expectations.. is there a possible way to fix this mocking purple color in camera. and USB Connection? i need HTC Sync Manager to connect? what gives!!!!; what gives about this tinted color camera,.. disappointed with this HTC One.. hmmm; i been a fan of HTC , for their Quality and Assurance to satisfy client beyond expectations.. is there a possible way to fix this mocking purple color in camera. and USB Connection? i need HTC Sync Manager to connect? what gives!!!!
umm which is better mobile-htc desire 816 or htc one m7...pls help; umm which is better mobile-htc desire 816 or htc one m7...pls help
Shad, 30 Dec 2014Very BAD CAM in the night, purple photos in the dark.. The most unstuck thing is the CPU stop... more Take it to HTC Service center.. if witihin 1 yr of warranty u will get a free new camera fixed.; Take it to HTC Service center.. if witihin 1 yr of warranty u will get a free new camera fixed.
Is it good when using heavy games or is the adreno 320 too old?; Is it good when using heavy games or is the adreno 320 too old?
just buy this fon 2nd. why the network not connect as my internt is active?keep loading and searching the network. im not update yet to the new kitkat. my question if i update the version to 4.4.2 its fix this problem?tq.; just buy this fon 2nd. why the network not connect as my internt is active?keep loading and searching the network. im not update yet to the new kitkat. my question if i update the version to 4.4.2 its fix this problem?tq.
I'm using HTC m7 now. I planned to buy m8 now. One of my friends said m8 eye is better than m8. Is that true? Please help me friends. Tell me a best one.; I'm using HTC m7 now. I planned to buy m8 now. One of my friends said m8 eye is better than m8. Is that true? Please help me friends. Tell me a best one.
Very BAD CAM in the night, purple photos in the dark..
 The most unstuck thing is the CPU stopped working permanently & the phone shut off alone.
 I think the HTC ONE has a main problem in the CPU...; Very BAD CAM in the night, purple photos in the dark..; The most unstuck thing is the CPU stopped working permanently & the phone shut off alone.; I think the HTC ONE has a main problem in the CPU...
Very BAD CAM in the night, purple photos in the dark..
 The most unstuck thing is the CPU stopped working permanently & the phone shut off alone.
 I thing the HTC one has a main problem in the CPU...; Very BAD CAM in the night, purple photos in the dark..; The most unstuck thing is the CPU stopped working permanently & the phone shut off alone.; I thing the HTC one has a main problem in the CPU...
Hi plz anybody help me how to make video call from m7; Hi plz anybody help me how to make video call from m7
teh phone is pretty ok; teh phone is pretty ok
Hey guys seems like the specs are pretty much confirmed. Gonna be a beast of flagship.; Hey guys seems like the specs are pretty much confirmed. Gonna be a beast of flagship.
JUNK. I have had this marvel of 10th century engineering for a year now. I have yet to find it useable. The volume buttons are on the wrong side. The keyboard is too small. The ".com" button is too close to the space bar. The "home" button is too close to the screen so every time you use an app/game in landscape, you end up pushing the "home" button. The "unlock" button is too difficult to operate one handed. The HTC Sense news thing was annoying (I shut it off). I cannot find where most of my downloaded pictures went. There are too many native apps that I can't get rid of (Beats? Really? Am I 14?). And even though you shut the app off, you can't uninstall the darn thing. The build in MP3 player is garbage and the updates have made it worse. The messenger keeps crashing since the last update. The phone interface is difficult and requires too many buttons to be pressed. I can't cut and paste a number from a website and call it, you have to type it in then press "call". The app store is pushy. The updates are never ending and you can't "not" update lest it remind you again in 2 hours.
 I could go on, but why. 
 Avoid the phone.; JUNK. I have had this marvel of 10th century engineering for a year now. I have yet to find it useable. The volume buttons are on the wrong side. The keyboard is too small. The ".com" button is too close to the space bar. The "home" button is too close to the screen so every time you use an app/game in landscape, you end up pushing the "home" button. The "unlock" button is too difficult to operate one handed. The HTC Sense news thing was annoying (I shut it off). I cannot find where most of my downloaded pictures went. There are too many native apps that I can't get rid of (Beats? Really? Am I 14?). And even though you shut the app off, you can't uninstall the darn thing. The build in MP3 player is garbage and the updates have made it worse. The messenger keeps crashing since the last update. The phone interface is difficult and requires too many buttons to be pressed. I can't cut and paste a number from a website and call it, you have to type it in then press "call". The app store is pushy. The updates are never ending and you can't "not" update lest it remind you again in 2 hours.; I could go on, but why.; Avoid the phone.
mangemil, 27 Dec 2014Guys! I need your help. I recently bought a 2ndhand HTC One m7. After that, I found out that m... moreI got a new HTC One M7 a year ago, the camera was perfectly fine. However the purple tint comes after 10 months. Sent it to back to HTC to fix, but I got the phone return with green tint...; I got a new HTC One M7 a year ago, the camera was perfectly fine. However the purple tint comes after 10 months. Sent it to back to HTC to fix, but I got the phone return with green tint...
mangemil, 27 Dec 2014Guys! I need your help. I recently bought a 2ndhand HTC One m7. After that, I found out that m... moredont use Zoe, stay away from that..it over works the camera causing it to give that purple tint in poor lighting; dont use Zoe, stay away from that..it over works the camera causing it to give that purple tint in poor lighting
Guys! I need your help. I recently bought a 2ndhand HTC One m7. After that, I found out that most of m7 has a purple tint. Luckily, the unit I bought does not have a purple tint but im bothered if it will develop eventually. Do I need to worry about that?; Guys! I need your help. I recently bought a 2ndhand HTC One m7. After that, I found out that most of m7 has a purple tint. Luckily, the unit I bought does not have a purple tint but im bothered if it will develop eventually. Do I need to worry about that?
Good phone but it's time to move to m8 or m9; Good phone but it's time to move to m8 or m9
Great performance n aal aspects.one of d prblm s overheating during charging; Great performance n aal aspects.one of d prblm s overheating during charging
sam, 19 Dec 2014But tha camera doesn't work properly after 5-6 months of buying the phone//////So this is the ... moreBuy only made in taiwan not of china; Buy only made in taiwan not of china
J3N, 25 Dec 2014I'm using m7 for a year now and those who says it lacks in performance after some months are l... moreYo me 2 have m7 awsm; Yo me 2 have m7 awsm
I'm using m7 for a year now and those who says it lacks in performance after some months are lying my phone working fine as day one I bought try to buy original phones not china clones , HTC is classic phone in the world; I'm using m7 for a year now and those who says it lacks in performance after some months are lying my phone working fine as day one I bought try to buy original phones not china clones , HTC is classic phone in the world
awesome phone nice sounds love you so much HTC to made this phone. wid beat audio; awesome phone nice sounds love you so much HTC to made this phone. wid beat audio
The phone is good but it came with a factory problem of having purple camera tint, and a dead pixel on the screen. That does not scream quality to me aside from the phone's aluminum sleek finish thats all.
 So before warranty expired, I sent HTC the phone, they fixed the camera and sent me the phone back. All good.
 After 4 months of use, all of a sudden the top speaker started having a crackling/popping noise. All I could do is send it back to HTC, and pay a big amount to just fix that damn speaker. 
 This makes me just imagine that this problem is common in the M8 due to the dual speakers grill. 
 HTC has good looking phones, and an excellent UI, but they are as equally as delicate as they are well built. So, basically you will have to take care of the phone as if it was a piece of jewelry. I am not buying HTC again, unless and until they give extended warranty plans. The phones are good, but are not as reliable and dependable for rough as Iphones and samsung. Those phones really last.; The phone is good but it came with a factory problem of having purple camera tint, and a dead pixel on the screen. That does not scream quality to me aside from the phone's aluminum sleek finish thats all.; So before warranty expired, I sent HTC the phone, they fixed the camera and sent me the phone back. All good.; After 4 months of use, all of a sudden the top speaker started having a crackling/popping noise. All I could do is send it back to HTC, and pay a big amount to just fix that damn speaker.; This makes me just imagine that this problem is common in the M8 due to the dual speakers grill.; HTC has good looking phones, and an excellent UI, but they are as equally as delicate as they are well built. So, basically you will have to take care of the phone as if it was a piece of jewelry. I am not buying HTC again, unless and until they give extended warranty plans. The phones are good, but are not as reliable and dependable for rough as Iphones and samsung. Those phones really last.
But tha camera doesn't work properly after 5-6 months of buying the phone//////So this is the drawback...; But tha camera doesn't work properly after 5-6 months of buying the phone//////So this is the drawback...
Exellent Phone for daily use with a stunning look n feel!!
 Following r ma impressions abt this phone with my last couple month experience..
 1. Exellent Screen Quality. They way it showing each images, txts in the phone s exellent. Than any other newest phones.
 2. Exellent Audio Qulity. The headphone comming with th package itself is too good enough for a music lover.
 3. Stunning proccessing n builtin 32GB internal memory n 2GB Ram. I never need to think abt an aditional memmory card. Till now this phone never hanged n i didnt do a single restart. (Im using this phone only from last 3months)
 4. Its a flagship phone from HTC. Only becouse f that HTC keep update u wirh their software updations. Coz im experiencing other midrange HTC n Samsung phones.
 
 And rest of all features are extremly satisfying for me. 
 
 If u want most power full phone with a budgetary price tag, if it is available in ur local market go n grab it. This phone gives u watever u want from a smartphone. (Infact morethan from an iphone 6 or Samsung shit :) )
 
 FYI, My previous phones : Nokia 3310, Nokia 1100, Sony Ericsson W700,Nokia 6300,Samsung Ace,Samsung S3, Iphone 5.
 now its htc time :P; Exellent Phone for daily use with a stunning look n feel!!; Following r ma impressions abt this phone with my last couple month experience..; 1. Exellent Screen Quality. They way it showing each images, txts in the phone s exellent. Than any other newest phones.; 2. Exellent Audio Qulity. The headphone comming with th package itself is too good enough for a music lover.; 3. Stunning proccessing n builtin 32GB internal memory n 2GB Ram. I never need to think abt an aditional memmory card. Till now this phone never hanged n i didnt do a single restart. (Im using this phone only from last 3months); 4. Its a flagship phone from HTC. Only becouse f that HTC keep update u wirh their software updations. Coz im experiencing other midrange HTC n Samsung phones.; And rest of all features are extremly satisfying for me.; If u want most power full phone with a budgetary price tag, if it is available in ur local market go n grab it. This phone gives u watever u want from a smartphone. (Infact morethan from an iphone 6 or Samsung shit :) ); FYI, My previous phones : Nokia 3310, Nokia 1100, Sony Ericsson W700,Nokia 6300,Samsung Ace,Samsung S3, Iphone 5.; now its htc time :P
m using this fone from past 4 months it runs like devil....very gd work from HTC...m using 4.4.2 ryt now just waiting to get 5.0 any idea when d update will come for it???; m using this fone from past 4 months it runs like devil....very gd work from HTC...m using 4.4.2 ryt now just waiting to get 5.0 any idea when d update will come for it???
Mahbubur rahman , 17 Dec 2014IS that anyone updated his one m7 to lolipop...for PGE, android L is released. but for htc sense base, on 3rd Jan; for PGE, android L is released. but for htc sense base, on 3rd Jan
mcsteveman, 16 Dec 2014It Nice But I can't update my HTC since I bought it.I have downloaded the update But can't int... moreHi
 My green phone button has a number 1 and I cany cler it John; Hi; My green phone button has a number 1 and I cany cler it John
IS that anyone updated his one m7 to lolipop...; IS that anyone updated his one m7 to lolipop...
Anonymous, 16 Dec 2014Htc one currently not working to make phone calls or receive them . No word from HTC. Had to f... moreWhat kind of call problems are you having, no signal bars or just constant call dropouts. I'm with amaysim with mine and pretty happy, occasionally drops out on bars, not in call but I'm happy with the software and phone; What kind of call problems are you having, no signal bars or just constant call dropouts. I'm with amaysim with mine and pretty happy, occasionally drops out on bars, not in call but I'm happy with the software and phone
It Nice But I can't update my HTC since I bought it.I have downloaded the update But can't intall it...; It Nice But I can't update my HTC since I bought it.I have downloaded the update But can't intall it...
It Nice But I can't update my HTC since I bought it.I have downloaded the update But can't intall it...; It Nice But I can't update my HTC since I bought it.I have downloaded the update But can't intall it...
Htc one currently not working to make phone calls or receive them . No word from HTC. Had to find out it was a problem with the HTC handset from Telstra (at the shop, because of course I can't call!!) Aweful time if year to be without phone and customer service from htc non existent. no word about when issue will be resolved. If something doesn't happen soon, will never buy HTC again.; Htc one currently not working to make phone calls or receive them . No word from HTC. Had to find out it was a problem with the HTC handset from Telstra (at the shop, because of course I can't call!!) Aweful time if year to be without phone and customer service from htc non existent. no word about when issue will be resolved. If something doesn't happen soon, will never buy HTC again.
I had purple lines on my camera butt, after update htc pack from playstore, litle is better, i hope so android 5. fixed all. Butt, I heard that 5. isnt good and many apps not work. ;(; I had purple lines on my camera butt, after update htc pack from playstore, litle is better, i hope so android 5. fixed all. Butt, I heard that 5. isnt good and many apps not work. ;(
dgw2jr, 15 Dec 2014I had high hopes for this phone. The camera has the purple tint issue and takes blurry images.... moreHello, 
 
 i get update htc pack from playstore and my camera is better becouse i have also that purple lines, but now is better, i hope so it will better with 5.
 Please tell me something if you now.
 D.; Hello,; i get update htc pack from playstore and my camera is better becouse i have also that purple lines, but now is better, i hope so it will better with 5.; Please tell me something if you now.; D.
I had high hopes for this phone. The camera has the purple tint issue and takes blurry images. The UI, regardless of which ROM is installed, is not very fluid. The battery life is actually good though compared to my Nexus 4. 
 
 Aesthetically, it is a good looking phone. But when it comes to usability it needs some work. The bezel is way too large and I understand that the speakers needs some room but, come on, the black bezel around the screen is unnecessarily wide.; I had high hopes for this phone. The camera has the purple tint issue and takes blurry images. The UI, regardless of which ROM is installed, is not very fluid. The battery life is actually good though compared to my Nexus 4.; Aesthetically, it is a good looking phone. But when it comes to usability it needs some work. The bezel is way too large and I understand that the speakers needs some room but, come on, the black bezel around the screen is unnecessarily wide.
Any news of Lollipop!?; Any news of Lollipop!?
It s amazing phone about stereo sound 2 speakers and nice metal look; It s amazing phone about stereo sound 2 speakers and nice metal look
Excellent phone about 2 things 1_Stereo Sound 
 2_nice look 
 Thank you HTC; Excellent phone about 2 things 1_Stereo Sound; 2_nice look; Thank you HTC
Is a new htc one worth 290 euro?; Is a new htc one worth 290 euro?
very good works; very good works
Hi. My htc gallary is not working.. i m using nexus gallary. Htc one gallary automatically uninstalled,after that i install through play store it lnstall correctly but do not open. It also take time to save my picture . Please slove my issue...; Hi. My htc gallary is not working.. i m using nexus gallary. Htc one gallary automatically uninstalled,after that i install through play store it lnstall correctly but do not open. It also take time to save my picture . Please slove my issue...
???, 28 Nov 2014NOW A DAYS I can't afford M8....so give me other sugesstion... I have the budget of USD 250 Buy M7 then its the best and also won the best smartphone of the year award of 2013.; Buy M7 then its the best and also won the best smartphone of the year award of 2013.
I need a best audio player for my phone. I'm using Yamaha earphone. I need audiophile quality. Please tell me a best player. help me friends.; I need a best audio player for my phone. I'm using Yamaha earphone. I need audiophile quality. Please tell me a best player. help me friends.
Swagnus, 10 Dec 2014This is by far the worst phone I have ever owned. It can take a beating, but build quality is... moreI have had this phone since the release date. No problems whatsoever. Runs great on every android OS update. If your phone broke in 8 months, you mishandled it.; I have had this phone since the release date. No problems whatsoever. Runs great on every android OS update. If your phone broke in 8 months, you mishandled it.
this is a great phone actuall,but after i got the update suddenly i have this pink tint on the camera when the light is low..please HTC bring the new update to fix it..damn it man all my phones is HTC,my first HTC is desire VC dual sim.and since then i fall in with this product; this is a great phone actuall,but after i got the update suddenly i have this pink tint on the camera when the light is low..please HTC bring the new update to fix it..damn it man all my phones is HTC,my first HTC is desire VC dual sim.and since then i fall in with this product
Swagnus, 10 Dec 2014This is by far the worst phone I have ever owned. It can take a beating, but build quality is... moreLearn to handle it in a proper way before complaining about it; Learn to handle it in a proper way before complaining about it
This is by far the worst phone I have ever owned.
 It can take a beating, but build quality is still shit. The charging port is broken, headphone jack is broken, the speakers are broken. All of this happened in less than 8 months. Not to mention the hideous batterylife that gets rapidly worse. Awful handset, will never buy a HTC again.; This is by far the worst phone I have ever owned.; It can take a beating, but build quality is still shit. The charging port is broken, headphone jack is broken, the speakers are broken. All of this happened in less than 8 months. Not to mention the hideous batterylife that gets rapidly worse. Awful handset, will never buy a HTC again.
pink issue harrising me ..... how can i resolve it :(; pink issue harrising me ..... how can i resolve it :(
DrNamza, 09 Dec 2014Hello frenz i just bought htc one yesterday..this is quite a good phone but its battery life m... moreIt happened to me the same the first week, but after some full discharge-charge cycles, it gets much better.; It happened to me the same the first week, but after some full discharge-charge cycles, it gets much better.
Hello frenz i just bought htc one yesterday..this is quite a good phone but its battery life made me tension..I have to charge the phone twice daily even not using it hardly..Need confirmation if this is for temporary only bcoz still new or this phone's battery life really terrible even 2300mah??; Hello frenz i just bought htc one yesterday..this is quite a good phone but its battery life made me tension..I have to charge the phone twice daily even not using it hardly..Need confirmation if this is for temporary only bcoz still new or this phone's battery life really terrible even 2300mah??
were's the lollipop 5.0.1 This is Up to date! For Lollipop please! Everyone Is Waiting for New Update.....; were's the lollipop 5.0.1 This is Up to date! For Lollipop please! Everyone Is Waiting for New Update.....
i adore htc specially my phone HTC ONE; i adore htc specially my phone HTC ONE
Nader, 08 Dec 2014hi every body, 5 days ago I bought a HTC one 4G. it's very good but at night the photos is pin... moreHTC one 32 GB memory, it's risky to buy. Because many of them have a pink tint camera photos. I went back to the store they told me they will change the camera.
 5 days ago I bought 3 HTC one I opened 2 they have the same problem.
 
 
 It is very strange for me, why they re not tested by their manufacture first; HTC one 32 GB memory, it's risky to buy. Because many of them have a pink tint camera photos. I went back to the store they told me they will change the camera.; 5 days ago I bought 3 HTC one I opened 2 they have the same problem.; It is very strange for me, why they re not tested by their manufacture first
wonderful phone; wonderful phone
berry, 08 Dec 2014please my HTC one had felt into water and keep going off and coming on how can I get it fix???put it in rice to get rid of all the water entered the phone; put it in rice to get rid of all the water entered the phone
please
 my HTC one had felt into water and keep going off and coming on how can I get it fix???; please; my HTC one had felt into water and keep going off and coming on how can I get it fix???
Nader, 08 Dec 2014hi every body, 5 days ago I bought a HTC one 4G. it's very good but at night the photos is pin... moreThere is Pink tint problem in HTC one set with 4 Ultra Pixel fron cam .. If u have bought that in stores ask them to replace it ASAP..; There is Pink tint problem in HTC one set with 4 Ultra Pixel fron cam .. If u have bought that in stores ask them to replace it ASAP..
hi every body, 5 days ago I bought a HTC one 4G. it's very good but at night the photos is pink colour .
 at the day time the camera is amayzing.
 
 any idea how to solve this problem ???; hi every body, 5 days ago I bought a HTC one 4G. it's very good but at night the photos is pink colour .; at the day time the camera is amayzing.; any idea how to solve this problem ???
Abhi, 03 Dec 2014how i open front camera Open camera, then slide your finger on the screen.; Open camera, then slide your finger on the screen.
Ranjith-Qatar, 03 Dec 2014These guys are make fool the people to purchase the htc phone.Please, name a phone without problems. I had a lot of brands, htc satisfied me the most...; Please, name a phone without problems. I had a lot of brands, htc satisfied me the most...
FASA, 04 Dec 2014This phone or LG G2?! pls need help to decide myself... i've been with this question for a ful... moreLG g2, have a great battery. HTC one is a great phone...; LG g2, have a great battery. HTC one is a great phone...
nikhil, 05 Dec 2014Guys i got the lollipop upgrade.!!!!!!Do you have a Google play edition?; Do you have a Google play edition?
Mo.Hamood, 06 Dec 2014Have had this phone for 3 months now, sometimes when I call/ receive a call, there is no voice... moreHave you made your updates? I had same problem with Google, but this is not phone problem, until I upgraded it.; Have you made your updates? I had same problem with Google, but this is not phone problem, until I upgraded it.
nikhil, 05 Dec 2014Guys i got the lollipop upgrade.!!!!!!No, you didn't.; No, you didn't.
i have allwways had htc phones and this is by far the one with fewestproblems though i think the battery is the w.... not so good have to charge twice a day to hear music.. other than that super happy;); i have allwways had htc phones and this is by far the one with fewestproblems though i think the battery is the w.... not so good have to charge twice a day to hear music.. other than that super happy;)
I think these phones are a waste of money, I have had a brand new replacement phone and both of them just turn off randomly, if I push on the back around the camera area, it will turn on again ... hate it, have now sold it for $150, I lost a lot of money on this rubbish.; I think these phones are a waste of money, I have had a brand new replacement phone and both of them just turn off randomly, if I push on the back around the camera area, it will turn on again ... hate it, have now sold it for $150, I lost a lot of money on this rubbish.
Have had this phone for 3 months now, sometimes when I call/ receive a call, there is no voice, nor my voice is heard the other side... its simply blank as toy phone though the timer is running. when I make an outbound, the timer still runs and charges me on disconnection but no voice heard or otherwise.
 
 also sometimes "Google not supported..." pop ups on the screen.
 
 After resetting the phone its fine and in three mos I have done it twice or maybe thrice also..
 
 its really annoying!
 
 Any help would be greatly appreciated, thanks!
 
 PS: no issues with camera or battery!
 
 
 Warmest regards,
 MoHamood; Have had this phone for 3 months now, sometimes when I call/ receive a call, there is no voice, nor my voice is heard the other side... its simply blank as toy phone though the timer is running. when I make an outbound, the timer still runs and charges me on disconnection but no voice heard or otherwise.; also sometimes "Google not supported..." pop ups on the screen.; After resetting the phone its fine and in three mos I have done it twice or maybe thrice also..; its really annoying!; Any help would be greatly appreciated, thanks!; PS: no issues with camera or battery!; Warmest regards,; MoHamood
My HTC one I have had it for around six months and the battery has been draining very quick. Now it went dead I plugged it in and charged it and tried to turn it on and it is froze on the htc screen. Whay can I do?; My HTC one I have had it for around six months and the battery has been draining very quick. Now it went dead I plugged it in and charged it and tried to turn it on and it is froze on the htc screen. Whay can I do?
Do you really love 4 ultra pixels which is 20 magapixels; Do you really love 4 ultra pixels which is 20 magapixels
should I buy an HTC One or a Samsung Galaxy s4? :) thanks a lot!; should I buy an HTC One or a Samsung Galaxy s4? :) thanks a lot!
Guys i got the lollipop upgrade.!!!!!!; Guys i got the lollipop upgrade.!!!!!!
Abhi, 03 Dec 2014how i open front camera I think you mean how do you use it. There is a button in the bottom left corner press It then selfie; I think you mean how do you use it. There is a button in the bottom left corner press It then selfie
I love this phone!
 
 Got it for about 3 months, and ewerything that I need works great!; I love this phone!; Got it for about 3 months, and ewerything that I need works great!
i need to buy 3 bt aw ?; i need to buy 3 bt aw ?
This phone or LG G2?! pls need help to decide myself... i've been with this question for a full month...; This phone or LG G2?! pls need help to decide myself... i've been with this question for a full month...
how i open front camera; how i open front camera
nikhik, 01 Dec 2014Why u all guys are fooling people about pink tint problem i am using this phone from 1yr but ... moreThese guys are make fool the people to purchase the htc phone.; These guys are make fool the people to purchase the htc phone.
A great phone, but I have one question...did anyone have ever seen a Google play edition? because all upgrades are for gpe, and not for sense6...; A great phone, but I have one question...did anyone have ever seen a Google play edition? because all upgrades are for gpe, and not for sense6...
i bought htc one 2 days before,its battery charge is loosing much faster,even i not using WiFi or mobile data; i bought htc one 2 days before,its battery charge is loosing much faster,even i not using WiFi or mobile data
sirius canis magior, 03 Dec 2014great phone but has only one defect, the battery is not removable. My battery as the horse, 50... moreHTC chenge battery very easy take your phone to the HTC service; HTC chenge battery very easy take your phone to the HTC service
great phone but has only one defect, the battery is not removable. My battery as the horse, 50% goes immediately to 0%, and the phone turns off. when I'm doing photo or open any video, turns off immediately; great phone but has only one defect, the battery is not removable. My battery as the horse, 50% goes immediately to 0%, and the phone turns off. when I'm doing photo or open any video, turns off immediately
great phone but has only one defect, the battery is not removable. My battery as the horse, 50% goes immediately to 0%, and the phone turns off. when I'm doing photo or open any video, turns off immediately; great phone but has only one defect, the battery is not removable. My battery as the horse, 50% goes immediately to 0%, and the phone turns off. when I'm doing photo or open any video, turns off immediately
Why u all guys are fooling people about pink tint problem i am using this phone from 1yr but have never experienced this problem; Why u all guys are fooling people about pink tint problem i am using this phone from 1yr but have never experienced this problem
the improted version of htc one at 15k is worth; the improted version of htc one at 15k is worth
Please help me...; Please help me...
I have purchased HTC One 1 month back.
 It works fine, the main defect in this phone is Over heating while browsing ( even 10 min. ) and Battery discharge very quickly ( hardly 30 min. ); I have purchased HTC One 1 month back.; It works fine, the main defect in this phone is Over heating while browsing ( even 10 min. ) and Battery discharge very quickly ( hardly 30 min. )
that 4 ultrapixels means 20 megapixels; that 4 ultrapixels means 20 megapixels
mido, 29 Nov 2014can any one explain to me if they are kidding about the camera (4 megapixel) ...is that true ?... moreThose are actually 4 Ultra Pixels; Those are actually 4 Ultra Pixels
mido, 29 Nov 2014can any one explain to me if they are kidding about the camera (4 megapixel) ...is that true ?... moreit's not mp its 4ultrapixel it more light than mega pixel; it's not mp its 4ultrapixel it more light than mega pixel
can any one explain to me if they are kidding about the camera (4 megapixel) ...is that true ? 
 other devices have reached over 13 megapixel; can any one explain to me if they are kidding about the camera (4 megapixel) ...is that true ?; other devices have reached over 13 megapixel
Which audio player is best for HTC one? I'm a music lover.I need a audiophile quality player. I'm using Yamaha eph-100 earphone. Please help me.....; Which audio player is best for HTC one? I'm a music lover.I need a audiophile quality player. I'm using Yamaha eph-100 earphone. Please help me.....
???, 28 Nov 2014NOW A DAYS I can't afford M8....so give me other sugesstion... I have the budget of USD 250 HTC desire 816 or galaxy mega 2; HTC desire 816 or galaxy mega 2
yanche, 27 Nov 2014Go to M8 if u worry about the camera or purple tint.. theres no issue about purple tint at M8.... moreNOW A DAYS I can't afford M8....so give me other sugesstion... I have the budget of USD 250; NOW A DAYS I can't afford M8....so give me other sugesstion... I have the budget of USD 250
???, 27 Nov 2014I don't care about the higher MP camera..... the thing that really I really bother is its pink... moreGo to M8 if u worry about the camera or purple tint.. theres no issue about purple tint at M8. M8 absolutely great phone than M7.
 But if u buy M7, it will not dissapointing u.. its more than enough to satisfied u..; Go to M8 if u worry about the camera or purple tint.. theres no issue about purple tint at M8. M8 absolutely great phone than M7.; But if u buy M7, it will not dissapointing u.. its more than enough to satisfied u..
very good fone with good pixel density extraordinary camera... but heats up a lot , too much heating; very good fone with good pixel density extraordinary camera... but heats up a lot , too much heating
Im using htc one m7 since 4month ago.
 Very nice phone, no doubt very fast processor, very nice camera (if u not zoom when taking photo), great sound for movies n game, very nice material, excellent display..
 But not too good in battery, especially if u a heavy user..u must prepare power bank..but in normal use, it can a whole day..
 For me, everything about this phone is satiesfied me..only the battery dont.. go for this great phone, and u'll satiesfied too..; Im using htc one m7 since 4month ago.; Very nice phone, no doubt very fast processor, very nice camera (if u not zoom when taking photo), great sound for movies n game, very nice material, excellent display..; But not too good in battery, especially if u a heavy user..u must prepare power bank..but in normal use, it can a whole day..; For me, everything about this phone is satiesfied me..only the battery dont.. go for this great phone, and u'll satiesfied too..
Anonymous, 26 Nov 2014OH GOD,totally messed up.what the HELL the smartphones companies are doing?? I have considere... moreand then you go and buy the 3310,if that will be the case; and then you go and buy the 3310,if that will be the case
???, 27 Nov 2014I don't care about the higher MP camera..... the thing that really I really bother is its pink... moreMy advice is go for One M8...
 
 1) More metal, especially the gun metal gray colour - sexy!
 2) Faster processor
 3) More camera features & NO PURPLE TINT ISSUE!
 4) Much longer lasting battery
 5) Louder speakers
 6) Expandable storage with microSD card
 
 The only thing i don't like - HTC taken out the optical image stabilization!
 
 If you can accept that, I'm sure you'll happy with it!; My advice is go for One M8...; 1) More metal, especially the gun metal gray colour - sexy!; 2) Faster processor; 3) More camera features & NO PURPLE TINT ISSUE!; 4) Much longer lasting battery; 5) Louder speakers; 6) Expandable storage with microSD card; The only thing i don't like - HTC taken out the optical image stabilization!; If you can accept that, I'm sure you'll happy with it!
Anonymous, 27 Nov 2014if you are talking about MP then you do not know camera quality I don't care about the higher MP camera..... the thing that really I really bother is its pink tint problem.... In my country It is not available in warranty so I can't able to change its camara hardware.....it is at first in my priority list but due to its camera problem I am hesitating to buy it....so what YOU(owners of HTC ONE)guys say...???; I don't care about the higher MP camera..... the thing that really I really bother is its pink tint problem.... In my country It is not available in warranty so I can't able to change its camara hardware.....it is at first in my priority list but due to its camera problem I am hesitating to buy it....so what YOU(owners of HTC ONE)guys say...???
Dear All,
 
 I am Jazib From Pakistan HTC mobile user I LOVE HTC .
 HTC mobiles are superb camera result is owsome.
 
 i have HTC 8X having 8MP but result equivalent 16MP. 
 
 Any confusing about Megapixel in HTC ONE , it has DSLR camera .
 
 kindly click following link and read it. 
 
 http://www.gsmarena.com/six_way_camera_shootout-review-998.php 
 
 Thanks; Dear All,; I am Jazib From Pakistan HTC mobile user I LOVE HTC .; HTC mobiles are superb camera result is owsome.; i have HTC 8X having 8MP but result equivalent 16MP.; Any confusing about Megapixel in HTC ONE , it has DSLR camera .; kindly click following link and read it.; Thanks
Anonymous, 26 Nov 2014OH GOD,totally messed up.what the HELL the smartphones companies are doing?? I have considere... moreif you are talking about MP then you do not know camera quality; if you are talking about MP then you do not know camera quality
Anonymous, 26 Nov 2014OH GOD,totally messed up.what the HELL the smartphones companies are doing?? I have considere... morebuy iphone; buy iphone
OH GOD,totally messed up.what the HELL the smartphones companies are doing??
 I have considered 4 phones to Buy
 HTC ONE M7,XPERIA Z,SAMSUNG GALAXY S4,LG G2
 (1)HTC ONE
 everything is awesome but 4MP Camera(are Kidding me a flagship phone's camera has 4MP resolution Camera)
 on othe side this so called ultra pixel camera after somtimes starts giving pink tint in photos...So I cancelled to buy this phone
 (2)XPERIA Z
 I love ITs design and UI,but Flaps tightness Duarability,and now earpiece problem ... I also cancelled it
 (3) GALAXY S4
 GOOD DISPLAY,CAMERA,DESIGN BUT don't like touchwiz UI and AMOLED has less Durability....
 (4) LG G2
 VERY VERY NICE HARDWARE ,DISPLAY,but power and volume at the back ,UI sucks....
 so guys totaly confused ... help to choose Better smartphone.....any other sugession will also be apriciated.... my basic expectations are
 (1)Design & UI(2)ZERO LAG experience (3)CAMERA (4)reliablity & Durability...; OH GOD,totally messed up.what the HELL the smartphones companies are doing??; I have considered 4 phones to Buy; HTC ONE M7,XPERIA Z,SAMSUNG GALAXY S4,LG G2; (1)HTC ONE; everything is awesome but 4MP Camera(are Kidding me a flagship phone's camera has 4MP resolution Camera); on othe side this so called ultra pixel camera after somtimes starts giving pink tint in photos...So I cancelled to buy this phone; (2)XPERIA Z; I love ITs design and UI,but Flaps tightness Duarability,and now earpiece problem ... I also cancelled it; (3) GALAXY S4; GOOD DISPLAY,CAMERA,DESIGN BUT don't like touchwiz UI and AMOLED has less Durability....; (4) LG G2; VERY VERY NICE HARDWARE ,DISPLAY,but power and volume at the back ,UI sucks....; so guys totaly confused ... help to choose Better smartphone.....any other sugession will also be apriciated.... my basic expectations are; (1)Design & UI(2)ZERO LAG experience (3)CAMERA (4)reliablity & Durability...
safee, 25 Nov 2014he he camera only 4 mp? not good i not buy tanks htc shame it is not about the mega pixels, the camera is great in taking pictures in both light and night , however u will not able to take a clean shot while zooming .. so dont be fooled by this 4 ultra pixel; it is not about the mega pixels, the camera is great in taking pictures in both light and night , however u will not able to take a clean shot while zooming .. so dont be fooled by this 4 ultra pixel
safee, 25 Nov 2014he he camera only 4 mp? not good i not buy tanks htc shame "Only 4mp"? The thing takes pictures at more than 1440p, which I bet is 4 times the resolution on your monitor.
 Cheers.; "Only 4mp"? The thing takes pictures at more than 1440p, which I bet is 4 times the resolution on your monitor.; Cheers.
Anonymous, 25 Nov 2014Mine is running on 4.4.3 and there is no issue of cameraCamera problems has practically nothing to do with software.; Camera problems has practically nothing to do with software.
Bought black htc one a week ago, this purple camera problem is so annoying. The phone is very fast but the camera problem is unacceptable. I can't imagine htc didn't notice this. And yes I can return the phone for another one but after reading in the internet how common this problem is, not worth it. So what do you guys think?; Bought black htc one a week ago, this purple camera problem is so annoying. The phone is very fast but the camera problem is unacceptable. I can't imagine htc didn't notice this. And yes I can return the phone for another one but after reading in the internet how common this problem is, not worth it. So what do you guys think?
SMS, 18 Nov 2014My phone's OS in 4.4.2 --->>>> No updates available... Will it may be because of C... moreMine is running on 4.4.3 and there is no issue of camera; Mine is running on 4.4.3 and there is no issue of camera
he he camera only 4 mp? not good i not buy tanks htc shame; he he camera only 4 mp? not good i not buy tanks htc shame
MartyLK, 20 Nov 2014I will never own another HTC product because of their device security features. I have an AT&a... moreYou can s-off it. just google how!; You can s-off it. just google how!
Nader tarek, 16 Nov 2014Does it have sense 6.0 or no please reply faastyes of course 
 
 i have updated mine to Sense 6.0; yes of course; i have updated mine to Sense 6.0
Hi I am using htc one my camera problem for low light this is hardware issues or software issue pleaSe tell me and if this hardware issue how much spending pleaSe tell me thanks...; Hi I am using htc one my camera problem for low light this is hardware issues or software issue pleaSe tell me and if this hardware issue how much spending pleaSe tell me thanks...
I will never own another HTC product because of their device security features. I have an AT&T HTC One M7 that cannot be made S-Off and I there is no way to restore it to factory default or install a useable custom ROM.
 
 S-Off cannot be achieved on this device and now it is sitting shelved and useless.
 
 I hope and pray HTC goes away.; I will never own another HTC product because of their device security features. I have an AT&T HTC One M7 that cannot be made S-Off and I there is no way to restore it to factory default or install a useable custom ROM.; S-Off cannot be achieved on this device and now it is sitting shelved and useless.; I hope and pray HTC goes away.
my htc one is off during charging and not responding to power button means dead; my htc one is off during charging and not responding to power button means dead
hey........
 i have a huge problem with its battery....; hey........; i have a huge problem with its battery....
My phone's OS in 4.4.2 --->>>> No updates available... Will it may be because of CAMERA issue they stopped the update?; My phone's OS in 4.4.2 --->>>> No updates available... Will it may be because of CAMERA issue they stopped the update?
NPH M7, 13 Nov 2014I have been using HTC One since last one year and I am very happy with its performance. I did ... moreHi friend is this conform after update lollipop or jelly been low light pink. Camera will turn day and night same.; Hi friend is this conform after update lollipop or jelly been low light pink. Camera will turn day and night same.
Anonymous, 06 Nov 2014Guys can any 1 suggst whch phone should I buy LG G2 or HTC One M7 i prefer the HTC one, since every htc one has better sound and bigger storage than the G2, also remember that the htc one works with Beats Audio Front-mounted stereo speakers; i prefer the HTC one, since every htc one has better sound and bigger storage than the G2, also remember that the htc one works with Beats Audio Front-mounted stereo speakers
Chule, 08 Nov 2014What is the latest official update 4.4.3 or 4.4.4 and if its 4.4.4 is it available in europe a... morewell bro, this camera issue will be fix but with a hardware replace/fix, since this issue doesnt a software issue, if u have warranty, just return the phone to HTC and they will fix, if not u will need to pay; well bro, this camera issue will be fix but with a hardware replace/fix, since this issue doesnt a software issue, if u have warranty, just return the phone to HTC and they will fix, if not u will need to pay
yoji, 09 Nov 2014how to unlock screen when password is forgottenwell, the solution that you will have, just if you set up the PIN caution, that you should set up time ago, but if you didnt set up that, the only way that i think is a Hard Reset, this will fix your issue; well, the solution that you will have, just if you set up the PIN caution, that you should set up time ago, but if you didnt set up that, the only way that i think is a Hard Reset, this will fix your issue
Anonymous, 15 Nov 2014Does the purple tint affect daylight shots please tell me I want to buy this phone yes, this phone had the purple issue, but that doesnt happen on all HTC one just in few cases, and sorry for the bad writing :V; yes, this phone had the purple issue, but that doesnt happen on all HTC one just in few cases, and sorry for the bad writing :V
Does it have sense 6.0 or no please reply faast; Does it have sense 6.0 or no please reply faast
i too had that purple also yellow tint under low light shots.
 
 i got replaced with a new piece under warranty; i too had that purple also yellow tint under low light shots.; i got replaced with a new piece under warranty
Does the purple tint affect daylight shots please tell me I want to buy this phone; Does the purple tint affect daylight shots please tell me I want to buy this phone
There is an issue with the camera. ( Purple color ); There is an issue with the camera. ( Purple color )
I am facing battery issue in htc after 3 months after buying phone. i visited service centre 3 times still no solution and there is no responce. feeling cheated. No proper customer support; I am facing battery issue in htc after 3 months after buying phone. i visited service centre 3 times still no solution and there is no responce. feeling cheated. No proper customer support
does it support 4G network in India; does it support 4G network in India
I have been using HTC One since last one year and I am very happy with its performance. I did experienced purple camera hue issue which was rectified by HTC service center by replacing camera hardware that too in flat 2 days. Other than this there are no issues. More ever Android Lollipop 5.0 is on its way to HTC One. Hurry.; I have been using HTC One since last one year and I am very happy with its performance. I did experienced purple camera hue issue which was rectified by HTC service center by replacing camera hardware that too in flat 2 days. Other than this there are no issues. More ever Android Lollipop 5.0 is on its way to HTC One. Hurry.
shahid, 12 Nov 2014Plz give me solution related pink camera issu and cost ??? I am from mumbaiIt's a hardware issue & the only solution is to send back to the nearest HTC service centre...
 
 I don't know how much it'll cost because i sent back when my phone was still under warranty & HTC repaired it for me free of charge...; It's a hardware issue & the only solution is to send back to the nearest HTC service centre...; I don't know how much it'll cost because i sent back when my phone was still under warranty & HTC repaired it for me free of charge...
M7 owner, 10 Nov 2014Try electronics moisture removal bag... Some users said it worked & solved the ghost to... moreThank you. I will try your suggestion hope it works in mine too. Else, time for another purchase but not this or his elder brother M8.; Thank you. I will try your suggestion hope it works in mine too. Else, time for another purchase but not this or his elder brother M8.
Uniquelydeepak, 10 Nov 2014Have you got ur ph replaced or repaired?No, Deepak...I didn't replaced or repaired. This cannot be repaired due to it's design. As if its gonna last long, they have sealed the body. This is a use and throw phone.; No, Deepak...I didn't replaced or repaired. This cannot be repaired due to it's design. As if its gonna last long, they have sealed the body. This is a use and throw phone.
Plz give me solution related pink camera issu and cost ??? I am from mumbai; Plz give me solution related pink camera issu and cost ??? I am from mumbai
Quan325, 26 Oct 2014HTC SYNC HTC SYNC MANAGER I have tried both of these to connect my phone to my pc and neithe... morethe solution is to use Airdroid; the solution is to use Airdroid
Anonymous, 06 Nov 2014Guys can any 1 suggst whch phone should I buy LG G2 or HTC One M7 I have had my HTC One for about a week now. Previous phones have been iPhone 5/5S, Samsung GS4, and Note 3. For me, the HTC is the best of all worlds. Screen is beautiful, Android 4.4.2 has been solid, navigating is snappy, and camera takes pictures that are good enough for sharing. I would recommend checking out other phones to get a feel for size/weight of phone, but I am very happy with my choice. If you decide to get it the One check BB. I was able to get the HTC One for under $300.; I have had my HTC One for about a week now. Previous phones have been iPhone 5/5S, Samsung GS4, and Note 3. For me, the HTC is the best of all worlds. Screen is beautiful, Android 4.4.2 has been solid, navigating is snappy, and camera takes pictures that are good enough for sharing. I would recommend checking out other phones to get a feel for size/weight of phone, but I am very happy with my choice. If you decide to get it the One check BB. I was able to get the HTC One for under $300.
Anonymous, 06 Nov 2014Guys can any 1 suggst whch phone should I buy LG G2 or HTC One M7 Stay away from HTC unless you enjoy spending a lot and receiving frustration in return... LG is more reliable, yet Samsung is still number 1. I sold my note3 and bought HTC M7 what a garbage ....; Stay away from HTC unless you enjoy spending a lot and receiving frustration in return... LG is more reliable, yet Samsung is still number 1. I sold my note3 and bought HTC M7 what a garbage ....
good looking piece of garbage! Had this for 6 months and the crap stopped working overnight without a reason; I haven't root it or installed any third party software that could cause the damage. HTC doesn't backup their garbage so now I ended up with a pretty darn expensive paper weight. When some say that Chinese companies are garbage they are right, they should honestly be forbidden to sell substandard stuff on the US market. To all those that like this wannabe phone research it and see how many weird issues are associated with it, then consider yourselves lucky if it's going to last you until you get rid of it.; good looking piece of garbage! Had this for 6 months and the crap stopped working overnight without a reason; I haven't root it or installed any third party software that could cause the damage. HTC doesn't backup their garbage so now I ended up with a pretty darn expensive paper weight. When some say that Chinese companies are garbage they are right, they should honestly be forbidden to sell substandard stuff on the US market. To all those that like this wannabe phone research it and see how many weird issues are associated with it, then consider yourselves lucky if it's going to last you until you get rid of it.
sunnyday, 10 Nov 2014Guys I got a strange problem with my phone! The touchscreen had a ghosting effect on it. It t... moreTry electronics moisture removal bag...
 
 Some users said it worked & solved the ghost touch problem...; Try electronics moisture removal bag...; Some users said it worked & solved the ghost touch problem...
Joenca, 09 Nov 2014For all the people asking for the purple camera results on HTC one, problem is camera and HTC ... moreHave you got ur ph replaced or repaired?; Have you got ur ph replaced or repaired?
Guys I got a strange problem with my phone!
 The touchscreen had a ghosting effect on it. It took sometime to figureout what was the problem. Every morning when its cold my touchsceen does not either work or got ghosting issues. I have to keep the phone on terrace to get the body warm through sunlight. So there moisture inside or the sensors not working ? ??Please help!!!; Guys I got a strange problem with my phone!; The touchscreen had a ghosting effect on it. It took sometime to figureout what was the problem. Every morning when its cold my touchsceen does not either work or got ghosting issues. I have to keep the phone on terrace to get the body warm through sunlight. So there moisture inside or the sensors not working ? ??Please help!!!
For all the people asking for the purple camera results on HTC one, problem is camera and HTC changed mine and now I am very happy with results. Do not pay attention to ones that say with update will fix, it is a lie. Only changing hardward will fix the problem; For all the people asking for the purple camera results on HTC one, problem is camera and HTC changed mine and now I am very happy with results. Do not pay attention to ones that say with update will fix, it is a lie. Only changing hardward will fix the problem
how to unlock screen when password is forgotten; how to unlock screen when password is forgotten
My HTC one getting heat when i using internet.. pls give me a solution for it; My HTC one getting heat when i using internet.. pls give me a solution for it
What is the latest official update 4.4.3 or 4.4.4 and if its 4.4.4 is it available in europe and if not when will be ... BTW i have problem with camera purple,pink... after update to 4.4.3 so maybe the 4.4.4 will fix this ?!.; What is the latest official update 4.4.3 or 4.4.4 and if its 4.4.4 is it available in europe and if not when will be ... BTW i have problem with camera purple,pink... after update to 4.4.3 so maybe the 4.4.4 will fix this ?!.
Its a hardware issue. No other choice but to send back to the nearest HTC service centre. 
 
 I did & HTC took 3 weeks to get it repaired. Now i'm a happy user again...; Its a hardware issue. No other choice but to send back to the nearest HTC service centre.; I did & HTC took 3 weeks to get it repaired. Now i'm a happy user again...
Those with the red/blue or purple tint issue..
 
 Can have a look at this..
 
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KZqZv6MlU8g; Those with the red/blue or purple tint issue..; Can have a look at this..
It was very hard for me to replace my htc desire after 4 years of use. Finally i got the new htc one m8, it worth the money, fast brilliant and easy to use, all the family got iphone or samsung mobiles, when i hear them talking about their mobile problems i feel lucky to be an htc user.; It was very hard for me to replace my htc desire after 4 years of use. Finally i got the new htc one m8, it worth the money, fast brilliant and easy to use, all the family got iphone or samsung mobiles, when i hear them talking about their mobile problems i feel lucky to be an htc user.
Anonymous, 06 Nov 2014Guys can any 1 suggst whch phone should I buy LG G2 or HTC One M7 Go for g2 pro... better option; Go for g2 pro... better option
Anonymous, 06 Nov 2014Guys can any 1 suggst whch phone should I buy LG G2 or HTC One M7 Choose htc one because it has no lag and a good camera pixel; Choose htc one because it has no lag and a good camera pixel
Guys can any 1 suggst whch phone should I buy
 LG G2 or HTC One M7; Guys can any 1 suggst whch phone should I buy; LG G2 or HTC One M7
Guys can any 1 suggst whch phone should I buy
 LG G2 or HTC One M7; Guys can any 1 suggst whch phone should I buy; LG G2 or HTC One M7
I got this huge problem about my camera...at night, when I on my camera, there is a pink tint which messes up all my photos and videos...if any one could help me..i would be very grateful..the pink tint does not come during the day where there is light ..; I got this huge problem about my camera...at night, when I on my camera, there is a pink tint which messes up all my photos and videos...if any one could help me..i would be very grateful..the pink tint does not come during the day where there is light ..
Bought HTC one M7 last year, i bought it was because i really like the previous HTC phone. But turn out it was a nightmare for me.
 
 The phone that i have got two major problems
 1) Will shut down by itself and it will not charge
 2) Camera lens - pink colors
 
 Over the 1 year warranty period, the problems have occurred several times and i have to send my phone to service center at KL-Malaysia, and usually i have to wait 2 weeks to 1 months to get back my phone. 
 
 Several weeks or few months later, same problems occurred. I even complaint to the stuff at the service centre, i said since the problems is always the same, it means HTC company just changing the same parts without really rectify the problems. 
 
 Felt very sad of HTC, although i like the design and features of this phone, but a phone which always shut down, camera lenses always turn pink, i better opt for other choices. 
 
 So good bye HTC!; Bought HTC one M7 last year, i bought it was because i really like the previous HTC phone. But turn out it was a nightmare for me.; The phone that i have got two major problems; 1) Will shut down by itself and it will not charge; 2) Camera lens - pink colors; Over the 1 year warranty period, the problems have occurred several times and i have to send my phone to service center at KL-Malaysia, and usually i have to wait 2 weeks to 1 months to get back my phone.; Several weeks or few months later, same problems occurred. I even complaint to the stuff at the service centre, i said since the problems is always the same, it means HTC company just changing the same parts without really rectify the problems.; Felt very sad of HTC, although i like the design and features of this phone, but a phone which always shut down, camera lenses always turn pink, i better opt for other choices.; So good bye HTC!
slow Charging time 3 hours please solution; slow Charging time 3 hours please solution
Quan, 26 Oct 2014some one, help me. i have tried everything and i cannot get this phone to connect to my comput... moreHere's what you can do. Uninstall the HTC Sync Manager that you have. Clear all cookies and registries using CCleaner. Restart your PC. When it's on, disable your antivirus and firewall. Re-download a new version of the PC Suite. Install it with antivirus and firewall disabled. After installation, connect device again with antivirus and firewall disabled.
 
 It should work then. Read somewhere that some antivirus and firewall don't allow some files to be copied which might tamper with the installation. When it's connected, re-activate your antivirus and firewall.; Here's what you can do. Uninstall the HTC Sync Manager that you have. Clear all cookies and registries using CCleaner. Restart your PC. When it's on, disable your antivirus and firewall. Re-download a new version of the PC Suite. Install it with antivirus and firewall disabled. After installation, connect device again with antivirus and firewall disabled.; It should work then. Read somewhere that some antivirus and firewall don't allow some files to be copied which might tamper with the installation. When it's connected, re-activate your antivirus and firewall.
I am using HTC one for six months, it is very fast phone, (no hanging). 
 Only one issue is :- incoming calls not diverted to ear phone /car Bluetooth directly, we need to divert it for each and every call from the touchscreen, it is very difficult while driving. Any one has remedy, pls tell me (abu7071@gmail.com); I am using HTC one for six months, it is very fast phone, (no hanging).; Only one issue is :- incoming calls not diverted to ear phone /car Bluetooth directly, we need to divert it for each and every call from the touchscreen, it is very difficult while driving. Any one has remedy, pls tell me (abu7071@gmail.com)
It was very hard for me to replace my htc desire after 4 years of use. Finally i got the new htc one m8, it worth the money, fast brilliant and easy to use, all the family got iphone or samsung mobiles, when i hear them talking about their mobile problems i feel lucky to be an htc user.; It was very hard for me to replace my htc desire after 4 years of use. Finally i got the new htc one m8, it worth the money, fast brilliant and easy to use, all the family got iphone or samsung mobiles, when i hear them talking about their mobile problems i feel lucky to be an htc user.
it's cool, smart nd fast... i love the hd quality view... but the flash light is too low... makes it difficult to take a picture in a dark area, that sucks.; it's cool, smart nd fast... i love the hd quality view... but the flash light is too low... makes it difficult to take a picture in a dark area, that sucks.
Anyone out there Please do all Htc one come with 4g network capability in them or is it the carrier exclusive like atat,tmobile brand that support 4g.i need to know because am planning on getting one but I want a phone that will support 4g network; Anyone out there Please do all Htc one come with 4g network capability in them or is it the carrier exclusive like atat,tmobile brand that support 4g.i need to know because am planning on getting one but I want a phone that will support 4g network
the phone is really okay , bt the money is too much .; the phone is really okay , bt the money is too much .
tani, 30 Oct 2014my htc doesnt charge well i put it all night on charge but still the battery is 50% charge ca... moreH T C is like the best phone .It has many functions and all; H T C is like the best phone .It has many functions and all
Anonymous, 31 Oct 2014HTC One or Galaxy S4 guys please help...Note 4 for sure; Note 4 for sure
When we will receive android 5.0 update?; When we will receive android 5.0 update?
HTC One or Galaxy S4 guys please help...; HTC One or Galaxy S4 guys please help...
I am selling my HTC One phone to an individual. I want to take my telephone number off the phone before giving him the phone. How may I do this?; I am selling my HTC One phone to an individual. I want to take my telephone number off the phone before giving him the phone. How may I do this?
khashayar, 29 Oct 2014I want to buy a smartphone but i don't know wich is better . please help me between : 1- Sam... moreG3; G3
my htc doesnt charge well i put it all night on charge but still the battery is 50% charge can anyone help me; my htc doesnt charge well i put it all night on charge but still the battery is 50% charge can anyone help me
I want to buy a smartphone but i don't know wich is better .
 please help me between :
 1- Samsung Galaxy Note 3
 2- Samsung Galaxy S5
 3- Lg G3
 4- Sony XPeria Z2
 5- Htc One; I want to buy a smartphone but i don't know wich is better .; please help me between :; 1- Samsung Galaxy Note 3; 2- Samsung Galaxy S5; 3- Lg G3; 4- Sony XPeria Z2; 5- Htc One
I am unable to update my software from 4.3 (sense 5) > 4.4.2 (sense 5.5). The installation interrupts in middle everytime and phone goes into recovery mode (red triangle with exclamation) and restarts.; I am unable to update my software from 4.3 (sense 5) > 4.4.2 (sense 5.5). The installation interrupts in middle everytime and phone goes into recovery mode (red triangle with exclamation) and restarts.
Hi Big problem with the camera at night pink colour wat a f.....I return it to Htc company i will have to wait 1 month to get another one.But they say am getting the Htc one m7 Dual sim.I think that it will be the same problem cause ultapixel.Why all the new Htc used megapixel?????? help......; Hi Big problem with the camera at night pink colour wat a f.....I return it to Htc company i will have to wait 1 month to get another one.But they say am getting the Htc one m7 Dual sim.I think that it will be the same problem cause ultapixel.Why all the new Htc used megapixel?????? help......
HTC one is best phone to anyone who has used before
 It has no problem with battery, sound screen touch but the only problem is just camera It doesn't appear thing clearly at night
 It camera is not good 
 We have like four HTC one at home 're the same thing camera at night please see problem get for us a good new software; HTC one is best phone to anyone who has used before; It has no problem with battery, sound screen touch but the only problem is just camera It doesn't appear thing clearly at night; It camera is not good; We have like four HTC one at home 're the same thing camera at night please see problem get for us a good new software
HTC SYNC
 HTC SYNC MANAGER
 I have tried both of these to connect my phone to my pc and neither of them work. any help?; HTC SYNC; HTC SYNC MANAGER; I have tried both of these to connect my phone to my pc and neither of them work. any help?
some one, help me. i have tried everything and i cannot get this phone to connect to my computer. htc sync manager, fail. htc sync, failure. help me; some one, help me. i have tried everything and i cannot get this phone to connect to my computer. htc sync manager, fail. htc sync, failure. help me
Thang, 23 Oct 2014Hi I bought HTC One Dual Sim. The specification said the battery is Li-Po (lithium polimer) bu... moreTheres no way for software to detect the difference between li-po and li-ion, they are virtually identical and fully compatible, and also li-ion batteries has a polymer barrier. li-po cost more and have no significant advantages but they do in general have lower capacity.; Theres no way for software to detect the difference between li-po and li-ion, they are virtually identical and fully compatible, and also li-ion batteries has a polymer barrier. li-po cost more and have no significant advantages but they do in general have lower capacity.
This problem is killing me. I love this phone but i hate this phone at the same time. I restart the phone and the audio goes off. Why do i restart the phone? My earbuds were not working. When i plugged it in it didnt show me the icon that appears when you plug the earbuds in. And this has been happening since i had Sense 5.5. It resolves itself after like a hundred restarts, or a hard reset or connecting to a computer and transfer data but you never know how is it actually going to be fixed. I dont know i think its a software problem it occurs every week, sometimes after 2 weeks and it could take a month as well. This is the most annoying problem the audio goes off for just the media, i can hear and speak on the call which pisses me off that why is it only with the media like songs and videos then. There is no problems at all on the calls. And i updated htc one m7 from sense 5.5 to sense 6 and my phone started acting up. It actually started acting up while it was still on the sense 5 it stopped charging. yes, you read that correct the phone stopped charging and i'm losing battery by the second..somehow the audio was back but it wasnt charging. I updated it to sense 6 and it didnt solve my problem. I turned it off and kept it off for maybe 1 whole day (the battery had drained to 0%) and the next day i put it on charge and suddenly it started charging. And the audio was there, no problems at all for 2 months and now its here again!
 
 Note: I've tried all the instructions HTC support gave me it doesn't work; This problem is killing me. I love this phone but i hate this phone at the same time. I restart the phone and the audio goes off. Why do i restart the phone? My earbuds were not working. When i plugged it in it didnt show me the icon that appears when you plug the earbuds in. And this has been happening since i had Sense 5.5. It resolves itself after like a hundred restarts, or a hard reset or connecting to a computer and transfer data but you never know how is it actually going to be fixed. I dont know i think its a software problem it occurs every week, sometimes after 2 weeks and it could take a month as well. This is the most annoying problem the audio goes off for just the media, i can hear and speak on the call which pisses me off that why is it only with the media like songs and videos then. There is no problems at all on the calls. And i updated htc one m7 from sense 5.5 to sense 6 and my phone started acting up. It actually started acting up while it was still on the sense 5 it stopped charging. yes, you read that correct the phone stopped charging and i'm losing battery by the second..somehow the audio was back but it wasnt charging. I updated it to sense 6 and it didnt solve my problem. I turned it off and kept it off for maybe 1 whole day (the battery had drained to 0%) and the next day i put it on charge and suddenly it started charging. And the audio was there, no problems at all for 2 months and now its here again!; Note: I've tried all the instructions HTC support gave me it doesn't work
Hi I bought HTC One Dual Sim. The specification said the battery is Li-Po (lithium polimer) but I used 2 different softwares all tell battery is Li-ion. The Li-ion battery is not as good as Li-Po - THAT IS NOT GOOD. Any one has chance to open to know what type of battery in the phone?; Hi I bought HTC One Dual Sim. The specification said the battery is Li-Po (lithium polimer) but I used 2 different softwares all tell battery is Li-ion. The Li-ion battery is not as good as Li-Po - THAT IS NOT GOOD. Any one has chance to open to know what type of battery in the phone?
Anonymous, 14 Oct 2014I brought this phone off Ebay first-hand from a dealer selling hong kong imports. Spend 24,000... moreHi bro, same buyer...i too got the same 32gb hong kong version.really good and value for money..cheers!; Hi bro, same buyer...i too got the same 32gb hong kong version.really good and value for money..cheers!
ADEL, 19 Oct 2014I have a problem with my battery. it just last for 6-7 hours with usual work. no game. just us... moreTry to use WIPE CACHE PARTITION HTC . enable power saver one.Charge full when %10-15% with switch off.
 link: http://droider.eu/2014/06/01/wipe-cache-partition-htc-one-m7-and-m8/; Try to use WIPE CACHE PARTITION HTC . enable power saver one.Charge full when %10-15% with switch off.; link:
currently running this phone on 4.3 but when trying to update to 4.4.2 it keeps saying software is corrupt. any ideas why?; currently running this phone on 4.3 but when trying to update to 4.4.2 it keeps saying software is corrupt. any ideas why?
i bought this phone its very good but my version is at&t and its not receiving update of sense 6 and of kitkat on wifi whats the problem ???; i bought this phone its very good but my version is at&t and its not receiving update of sense 6 and of kitkat on wifi whats the problem ???
Kindly asking for info about Lollipop update!? More or less and through various apps we already are testing Kitkat 4.4 so why to wait...; Kindly asking for info about Lollipop update!? More or less and through various apps we already are testing Kitkat 4.4 so why to wait...
Imam Htc Likers, 20 Oct 2014Anyone Got Android 4.4.4 Update For M7You simply sinstall Google Play Editiont firmaware and you'll hava all updates in time. I'm using 4.4.4 more them 3 months.; You simply sinstall Google Play Editiont firmaware and you'll hava all updates in time. I'm using 4.4.4 more them 3 months.
Anyone Got Android 4.4.4 Update For M7; Anyone Got Android 4.4.4 Update For M7
I have a problem with my battery. it just last for 6-7 hours with usual work. no game. just use wifi and web. what shoude i do?; I have a problem with my battery. it just last for 6-7 hours with usual work. no game. just use wifi and web. what shoude i do?
Migrant, 16 Oct 2014Has anyone else but me found that the One will take flash drives and card readers? Helps make ... moreI knew about it but never used it other than for demo. The storage i have of 32GB is good enough for me as i dont play games although i have some downloaded for kidz and i dont watch much of movies on it either.; I knew about it but never used it other than for demo. The storage i have of 32GB is good enough for me as i dont play games although i have some downloaded for kidz and i dont watch much of movies on it either.
Last week I got the latest update 6.13.707.106 , kitkat 4.4.3; Last week I got the latest update 6.13.707.106 , kitkat 4.4.3
Migrant, 16 Oct 2014I had the same when I updated to Sense 6. I factory reset and left out most of my apps when re... moreso everything is ok after u do a factory reset ?! what about the software and the battery drainage ?; so everything is ok after u do a factory reset ?! what about the software and the battery drainage ?
Has anyone else but me found that the One will take flash drives and card readers? Helps make up for no SD slots so why keep it a secret?; Has anyone else but me found that the One will take flash drives and card readers? Helps make up for no SD slots so why keep it a secret?
MIky99776, 16 Oct 2014hey guys.. im facing a problem wuth my htc one ..i have just updated it to the latest software... moreI had the same when I updated to Sense 6. I factory reset and left out most of my apps when reinstalling them. HTC wanted to do a 'repair'.; I had the same when I updated to Sense 6. I factory reset and left out most of my apps when reinstalling them. HTC wanted to do a 'repair'.
When taking photos, i always use the Backlight mode & photos came out brighter & sharper!; When taking photos, i always use the Backlight mode & photos came out brighter & sharper!
MIky99776, 16 Oct 2014hey guys.. im facing a problem wuth my htc one ..i have just updated it to the latest software... moreI think u need to do
 
 1) wipe cache partition
 2) factory reset
 
 But make sure u do a backup first before that...; I think u need to do; 1) wipe cache partition; 2) factory reset; But make sure u do a backup first before that...
hey guys.. im facing a problem wuth my htc one ..i have just updated it to the latest software update 5.11.401.110 and since then it killed the battery as it last for 7 or 8 hours max with the normal usage !! what should i do ?!!; hey guys.. im facing a problem wuth my htc one ..i have just updated it to the latest software update 5.11.401.110 and since then it killed the battery as it last for 7 or 8 hours max with the normal usage !! what should i do ?!!
Anonymous, 15 Oct 2014trick?In the camera app, set your Exposure to -1 and decrease sharpness to -0.5. Also at times set the ISO low. The Camera may not be the best but it's no where near bad either. Takes brilliant Closeup shots.; In the camera app, set your Exposure to -1 and decrease sharpness to -0.5. Also at times set the ISO low. The Camera may not be the best but it's no where near bad either. Takes brilliant Closeup shots.
Anonymous, 14 Oct 2014I brought this phone off Ebay first-hand from a dealer selling hong kong imports. Spend 24,000... moretrick?; trick?
Sonbaty, 08 Oct 2014This is the best phone I have ever have Its very Handful and you can have lots of work with it... moreis it sure..?; is it sure..?
blueroom, 09 Oct 2014Love this phone, but after a year, battery almost dies overnight after a full charge, and gets... moreDid u update your android version recently?
 
 If yes, u better do a "wipe cache partition". 
 
 Many users are facing battery & overheat problems after updated due to conflict between the "balance" of old & new android versions...; Did u update your android version recently?; If yes, u better do a "wipe cache partition".; Many users are facing battery & overheat problems after updated due to conflict between the "balance" of old & new android versions...
I had used phones starting from Nokia, LG, Blackberry & finally landed into HTC One. One statement, its an awesome phone & worth the money I had spent on it. Purchased the same day it got launched in Mumbai, India in May 2013, since then never came across any issues, neither on software nor on hardware. Even after more then 1 year of usage, it is as good as new. HTC hats off to you guys.; I had used phones starting from Nokia, LG, Blackberry & finally landed into HTC One. One statement, its an awesome phone & worth the money I had spent on it. Purchased the same day it got launched in Mumbai, India in May 2013, since then never came across any issues, neither on software nor on hardware. Even after more then 1 year of usage, it is as good as new. HTC hats off to you guys.
Neo The One, 14 Oct 2014Hey guy's I'm having android 4.3 and sense 5.0 on my m7 801n unlocked. And I'm unable to updat... moreHey neo, there's no drastic difference between the android versions BUT it's worth upgrading to Sense 6. Sense 6 brings better battery management and many features. Not to mention a refined interface.; Hey neo, there's no drastic difference between the android versions BUT it's worth upgrading to Sense 6. Sense 6 brings better battery management and many features. Not to mention a refined interface.
I brought this phone off Ebay first-hand from a dealer selling hong kong imports. Spend 24,000 Rs. I feel this phone is worth every penny. Camera is better than my iPhone 4s. BTW you need to do a small tweak to get the camera to take better pics.; I brought this phone off Ebay first-hand from a dealer selling hong kong imports. Spend 24,000 Rs. I feel this phone is worth every penny. Camera is better than my iPhone 4s. BTW you need to do a small tweak to get the camera to take better pics.
Hey guy's I'm having android 4.3 and sense 5.0 on my m7 801n unlocked. And I'm unable to update my phone to 4.4.2 as the installation interrups in the middle everytime. I'm planning to give it to a service center.
 I just want to know whether there is drastic difference between 4.3 & 4.4 or sense for that matter. I love my m7 & I don't want to give it to service center.; Hey guy's I'm having android 4.3 and sense 5.0 on my m7 801n unlocked. And I'm unable to update my phone to 4.4.2 as the installation interrups in the middle everytime. I'm planning to give it to a service center.; I just want to know whether there is drastic difference between 4.3 & 4.4 or sense for that matter. I love my m7 & I don't want to give it to service center.
Im running HTC One. Ive been on battery for more then 4 hours now. And im on 91% battery life. So i say go head buy it. It is an awesome phone.; Im running HTC One. Ive been on battery for more then 4 hours now. And im on 91% battery life. So i say go head buy it. It is an awesome phone.
my htc one camera was pooor it show pink colour on the camera; my htc one camera was pooor it show pink colour on the camera
pls i updated my htc one and after the update when i turned my htc one on it refused to show me keypad to type my password and what i saw was a microphone telling me to speak which i did but it refused to open or show me keypad pls am in a mess right now i cant access my htc pls i need your help.. thanks; pls i updated my htc one and after the update when i turned my htc one on it refused to show me keypad to type my password and what i saw was a microphone telling me to speak which i did but it refused to open or show me keypad pls am in a mess right now i cant access my htc pls i need your help.. thanks
this is selling for $215 on ebay and says manufacturer refurbished
 looks like a killer deal but iam hearing complaints about battery on lot of forumns
 should i go ahead; this is selling for $215 on ebay and says manufacturer refurbished; looks like a killer deal but iam hearing complaints about battery on lot of forumns; should i go ahead
is there dictionary in htc one like nokia; is there dictionary in htc one like nokia
i don't have software update option on my phone...how can i update??; i don't have software update option on my phone...how can i update??
hi there ,
 as you all know that we have a new update : update 4.19.661.8(551.97) mb..
 
 but I am unable to update my HTC one ... it's giving an error while updating that "your phone might be using modified version of the software " ..
 but I haven't done any change in the phone yet ..
 and my phone is running on : 
 Android 4.3 ..
 can u please help me with this ?; hi there ,; as you all know that we have a new update : update 4.19.661.8(551.97) mb..; but I am unable to update my HTC one ... it's giving an error while updating that "your phone might be using modified version of the software " ..; but I haven't done any change in the phone yet ..; and my phone is running on :; Android 4.3 ..; can u please help me with this ?
Htc one new update 6.13.707.106 (595) mb; Htc one new update 6.13.707.106 (595) mb
Got an Update of 595.02MB
 SV: 6.3.707.106
 From Chennai,India.; Got an Update of 595.02MB; SV: 6.3.707.106; From Chennai,India.
Love this phone, but after a year, battery almost dies overnight after a full charge, and gets very warm. Since battery cannot be replaced,does this mean I need to get another? Sure looks that way.; Love this phone, but after a year, battery almost dies overnight after a full charge, and gets very warm. Since battery cannot be replaced,does this mean I need to get another? Sure looks that way.
i want buy this ph...
 so plz suggest me its good ph or not !!; i want buy this ph...; so plz suggest me its good ph or not !!
Ahmad maulana, 27 Sep 2014htc one m7 best smartphone ever.before I use BlackBerry,iphone,samsung,nokia,sony...no no no.o... moreYeah Absolutly; Yeah Absolutly
This is the best phone I have ever have Its very Handful and you can have lots of work with it easily, Very much recommended; This is the best phone I have ever have Its very Handful and you can have lots of work with it easily, Very much recommended
toy, 27 Sep 2014what the diff between one 801s and m7? very confuse. are the same, just one of them is not 4g...i don't know which one...; are the same, just one of them is not 4g...i don't know which one...
The phone is fantastic, especially the touch experience, the speed and UI. I have been using this device since a year. There is no problem yet and its perfectly fine.; The phone is fantastic, especially the touch experience, the speed and UI. I have been using this device since a year. There is no problem yet and its perfectly fine.
This is a shit phone......
 
 when i bought it i thought its a nice phone for first 5 months
 
 later problems started.....
 
 battery got probes.... camera lost clarity and sound got reduced......; This is a shit phone......; when i bought it i thought its a nice phone for first 5 months; later problems started.....; battery got probes.... camera lost clarity and sound got reduced......
i like it because i buy this....; i like it because i buy this....
itz very good; itz very good
danny, 02 Oct 2014is it worth to buy this phone for $280? or maybe i can survey for another phones? suggestion pleasefor that price, dont think twice, just buy it!; for that price, dont think twice, just buy it!
danny, 02 Oct 2014is it worth to buy this phone for $280? or maybe i can survey for another phones? suggestion pleaseDepends on what carrier its for...for any GSM carrier that is a pretty good price!; Depends on what carrier its for...for any GSM carrier that is a pretty good price!
Very good!!!; Very good!!!
danny, 02 Oct 2014is it worth to buy this phone for $280? or maybe i can survey for another phones? suggestion pleaseyes it is; yes it is
is it worth to buy this phone for $280? or maybe i can survey for another phones? suggestion please; is it worth to buy this phone for $280? or maybe i can survey for another phones? suggestion please
I 've had a very bad experience with this ph. i own this from over a year now. i ignored the purple tint in the camera at first, but now its screen has become unresponsive at one portion. and i 've searched over internet that it is a common problem. 
 The specific area which has become unresponsive is notification panel. i m taking it to htc centre today, hope they rectify it without charging me a lot.; I 've had a very bad experience with this ph. i own this from over a year now. i ignored the purple tint in the camera at first, but now its screen has become unresponsive at one portion. and i 've searched over internet that it is a common problem.; The specific area which has become unresponsive is notification panel. i m taking it to htc centre today, hope they rectify it without charging me a lot.
very nice < but the voice not loud enogh The sound is not high adequacy; very nice < but the voice not loud enogh The sound is not high adequacy
Htc one m7 android version 4.4.3 features; Htc one m7 android version 4.4.3 features
toy, 27 Sep 2014what the diff between one 801s and m7? very confuse. M7 have many versions, like 801e,801s,802d,802w.
 802 are dual sim.; M7 have many versions, like 801e,801s,802d,802w.; 802 are dual sim.
toy, 27 Sep 2014what the diff between one 801s and m7? very confuse. I think 802 is a dual sim version.; I think 802 is a dual sim version.
what the diff between one 801s and m7? very confuse.; what the diff between one 801s and m7? very confuse.
htc one m7 best smartphone ever.before I use BlackBerry,iphone,samsung,nokia,sony...no no no.only htc one m7 good for all..don't buy others phones..save your budget.; htc one m7 best smartphone ever.before I use BlackBerry,iphone,samsung,nokia,sony...no no no.only htc one m7 good for all..don't buy others phones..save your budget.
Giny, 21 Sep 2014This is the worst phone. U r simply wasting ur money by buying this product. This phone has lo... more100% sure you do not own this phone or any other htc product, so don't talk crap; 100% sure you do not own this phone or any other htc product, so don't talk crap
buddy, 24 Sep 2014At times i'm at a loss for words in regards to people like Giny. To wholesomely condemn a phon... moreTotally agree with you... i liked this phone so much i bought the m8 as soon as it came out... m7 ROCKS!!! period.; Totally agree with you... i liked this phone so much i bought the m8 as soon as it came out... m7 ROCKS!!! period.
Well my HTC Evo was working fine until I made the mistake to ask why it gets hot. I was told to send to HTC to be fix. Well they damage more than fixing and now I have no Phone cause they don't have the parts to fix it (6 Month old Phone ) Not good not good at all; Well my HTC Evo was working fine until I made the mistake to ask why it gets hot. I was told to send to HTC to be fix. Well they damage more than fixing and now I have no Phone cause they don't have the parts to fix it (6 Month old Phone ) Not good not good at all
buddy, 24 Sep 2014At times i'm at a loss for words in regards to people like Giny. To wholesomely condemn a phon... moreTotally agree with you... i liked this phone so much i bought the m8 as soon as it came out... m7 ROCKS!!! period.; Totally agree with you... i liked this phone so much i bought the m8 as soon as it came out... m7 ROCKS!!! period.
buddy, 24 Sep 2014At times i'm at a loss for words in regards to people like Giny. To wholesomely condemn a phon... moreTotally agree with you; Totally agree with you
After one week using this phone, just saying... amazing phone for me. My previous phone are desire x and one s. Now having best smarphone 2013. Never issues, no purple tint, boomsound is rock, nice screen, camera is good...
 Lov htc; After one week using this phone, just saying... amazing phone for me. My previous phone are desire x and one s. Now having best smarphone 2013. Never issues, no purple tint, boomsound is rock, nice screen, camera is good...; Lov htc
@ 22000 I will buy 2.. I already have one which I bought @ 40000 1 year ago.. great phone..; @ 22000 I will buy 2.. I already have one which I bought @ 40000 1 year ago.. great phone..
I have used HTC One M7 for 13 months by now...
 
 The only major issue i faced was the camera purple tint. After sent back to HTC service centre & they repaired for me FOC (under warranty & it took 3 weeks), now it has no problem at all... 
 
 Great design & build quality, nice screen, smooth & stable UI, amazing top sound quality... 
 
 Camera, to me still beyond expectation, ultra pixel creates photos with small size (suitable to keep & share/upload) & they are also less noise... 
 
 Heat up issue i think is common for quad cores smartphones nowadays, just with aluminium body, you'll feel it a bit more, that's all...
 
 Battery, i agree its not enough to last for 1 whole day for heavy users... just get yourself a power bank, not a big deal...; I have used HTC One M7 for 13 months by now...; The only major issue i faced was the camera purple tint. After sent back to HTC service centre & they repaired for me FOC (under warranty & it took 3 weeks), now it has no problem at all...; Great design & build quality, nice screen, smooth & stable UI, amazing top sound quality...; Camera, to me still beyond expectation, ultra pixel creates photos with small size (suitable to keep & share/upload) & they are also less noise...; Heat up issue i think is common for quad cores smartphones nowadays, just with aluminium body, you'll feel it a bit more, that's all...; Battery, i agree its not enough to last for 1 whole day for heavy users... just get yourself a power bank, not a big deal...
Anomynous, 25 Sep 2014Reviewers dont use the phones for long periods and they never re-test when new firmware is rel... moreDon't condemn HTC just because you had a bad experience with them. HTC ONE was rated best phone of 2013, and in my opinion, as well as many on this forum, still is an excellent phone.; Don't condemn HTC just because you had a bad experience with them. HTC ONE was rated best phone of 2013, and in my opinion, as well as many on this forum, still is an excellent phone.
buddy, 24 Sep 2014At times i'm at a loss for words in regards to people like Giny. To wholesomely condemn a phon... moreReviewers dont use the phones for long periods and they never re-test when new firmware is released. HTC makes a good first time impression but it deteriorates quickly from there, and always pray you never have to deal with HTC service, they are so horrible that people just have to get their defective phones back. This is why HTC used to be #1 in Android but now is struggling for their existence, most who had HTC in 2010-2012 vowed to never touch a HTC again, you simply do not go back and buy a new product from a company that screwed you so badly.; Reviewers dont use the phones for long periods and they never re-test when new firmware is released. HTC makes a good first time impression but it deteriorates quickly from there, and always pray you never have to deal with HTC service, they are so horrible that people just have to get their defective phones back. This is why HTC used to be #1 in Android but now is struggling for their existence, most who had HTC in 2010-2012 vowed to never touch a HTC again, you simply do not go back and buy a new product from a company that screwed you so badly.
how come i have mo sleep mode in my HTC one M7? I am 4.4.3 with sense 6.0; how come i have mo sleep mode in my HTC one M7? I am 4.4.3 with sense 6.0
I have always been an iPhone believer and user because of build quality and elegant looks and feel. I took a chance with this HTC one M7 and my beliefs changed, I am now a proud HTC fan! elegant looks and feel, amazing sound and smooth interface with a brilliant screen. Camera not the best of megapixels but takes great shots in low light. Battery also not bad considering I have so many apps that uses push. My next upgrade would definitely be another HTC! Weldone to HTC; I have always been an iPhone believer and user because of build quality and elegant looks and feel. I took a chance with this HTC one M7 and my beliefs changed, I am now a proud HTC fan! elegant looks and feel, amazing sound and smooth interface with a brilliant screen. Camera not the best of megapixels but takes great shots in low light. Battery also not bad considering I have so many apps that uses push. My next upgrade would definitely be another HTC! Weldone to HTC
Is this phone still worth buying for 22,000 Rs?; Is this phone still worth buying for 22,000 Rs?
Hello guys just got my hands on the htc one M7,and i just want to know if there is a settings to get zoom on the camera.i cant find zoom; Hello guys just got my hands on the htc one M7,and i just want to know if there is a settings to get zoom on the camera.i cant find zoom
I've used many phones but I must say that the HTC One is one of the best i've used and can recommend for anyone to......; I've used many phones but I must say that the HTC One is one of the best i've used and can recommend for anyone to......
Giny, 21 Sep 2014This is the worst phone. U r simply wasting ur money by buying this product. This phone has lo... moreAt times i'm at a loss for words in regards to people like Giny. To wholesomely condemn a phone like HTC ONE as useless is to say the least very strange. This phone was voted THE BEST PHONE IN 2013 by Teck gurus, people who spend their life analyzing phones. so for you to say its bad is to simpLy say, YOU KNOW NOTHING ABOUT PHONES SO please STFU; At times i'm at a loss for words in regards to people like Giny. To wholesomely condemn a phone like HTC ONE as useless is to say the least very strange. This phone was voted THE BEST PHONE IN 2013 by Teck gurus, people who spend their life analyzing phones. so for you to say its bad is to simpLy say, YOU KNOW NOTHING ABOUT PHONES SO please STFU
Hey giny, have you ever seen an HTC phone? or any cellphone for the matter, you propably don't even have electicity where you live.; Hey giny, have you ever seen an HTC phone? or any cellphone for the matter, you propably don't even have electicity where you live.
Craz, 18 Sep 2014i friends, Has anyone tried Tempered glass screen protector? If so How's the screen quality co... moreI tried the tempered glass protector, but had trouble getting it to stick. I went back to a mirror finish plastic protector, which is real easy to install and looks really cool on this phone.; I tried the tempered glass protector, but had trouble getting it to stick. I went back to a mirror finish plastic protector, which is real easy to install and looks really cool on this phone.
Giny, 21 Sep 2014This is the worst phone. U r simply wasting ur money by buying this product. This phone has lo... moreDunno what HTC phone you have, but I have had mine for about 6 months, and its the best phone I've ever had. All phones have some issues with them, but why post an opinion blasting HTC when clearly you have some bias yourself. I could say something against many other makers but I won't. Just loving my HTC ONE M7.; Dunno what HTC phone you have, but I have had mine for about 6 months, and its the best phone I've ever had. All phones have some issues with them, but why post an opinion blasting HTC when clearly you have some bias yourself. I could say something against many other makers but I won't. Just loving my HTC ONE M7.
As a year long HTC one owner I can tell you that the phone is nothing short of fantastic! People complain about heating issue, lag and battery life. Personally my One only started heating up during extensive use or intense games. As for lag, only from time to time. You have to expect this from ANY android device that has a custom skin overlaying it. Samsung may have good phones overall but their touchwiz overlay is the worst of all. Plus they force you with features you don't need. Which slows down your phone to begin with and not meet up with its specs potential. Anyway let's look at the facts:
 
 1.The difference is the One's aluminum body. Aluminum is a very good heat conductor, so when the CPU gets hot, the phone's body acts as a heat sink, pulling the heat away from the CPU. This is good for the CPU. Also due to the heat distribution the body will be equally warm. HTC has updated its sense ui to kitkat, which is arguably much less power consumption thus less heat ect ect. 
 
 2.HTC knew that the battery life could have been an issue so through software they integrated a power saver mode which gets me through the day on regular use. 
 
 Now if your worried about the heating issue when u play games or use it too long the get a $7 case from eBay. That simple.; As a year long HTC one owner I can tell you that the phone is nothing short of fantastic! People complain about heating issue, lag and battery life. Personally my One only started heating up during extensive use or intense games. As for lag, only from time to time. You have to expect this from ANY android device that has a custom skin overlaying it. Samsung may have good phones overall but their touchwiz overlay is the worst of all. Plus they force you with features you don't need. Which slows down your phone to begin with and not meet up with its specs potential. Anyway let's look at the facts:; 1.The difference is the One's aluminum body. Aluminum is a very good heat conductor, so when the CPU gets hot, the phone's body acts as a heat sink, pulling the heat away from the CPU. This is good for the CPU. Also due to the heat distribution the body will be equally warm. HTC has updated its sense ui to kitkat, which is arguably much less power consumption thus less heat ect ect.; 2.HTC knew that the battery life could have been an issue so through software they integrated a power saver mode which gets me through the day on regular use.; Now if your worried about the heating issue when u play games or use it too long the get a $7 case from eBay. That simple.
Giny, 21 Sep 2014This is the worst phone. U r simply wasting ur money by buying this product. This phone has lo... moreOh look guys! The fanboys are here again! Pls tell us for how much you sold yourself.; Oh look guys! The fanboys are here again! Pls tell us for how much you sold yourself.
hi my htc one capacitive buttons lights are not working eny one knows is it a hardware problem or some settings problem?; hi my htc one capacitive buttons lights are not working eny one knows is it a hardware problem or some settings problem?
This is the worst phone. U r simply wasting ur money by buying this product. This phone has lot of bugs like heating problem,battery, network & camera problems.
 Even there service center are the worst coz they always dont have the parts & if they have...rates are so high.
 Rather go for Apple or samsung.
 Will never buy a htc phone they are quietly brilliant in looting people.; This is the worst phone. U r simply wasting ur money by buying this product. This phone has lot of bugs like heating problem,battery, network & camera problems.; Even there service center are the worst coz they always dont have the parts & if they have...rates are so high.; Rather go for Apple or samsung.; Will never buy a htc phone they are quietly brilliant in looting people.
HEY guys , I have been using this HTc one for more than a year and I love it very much anyone wanna buy this phone should go for it without a second thought , but the only and annoying problem is battery drains very fast , the processor very fast , no heat up , camera main good but not too good , frnt average , but keepin all these things aside this phone looks great , and touch is very good , no signal drop, no bullshit , atlast this is great phone; HEY guys , I have been using this HTc one for more than a year and I love it very much anyone wanna buy this phone should go for it without a second thought , but the only and annoying problem is battery drains very fast , the processor very fast , no heat up , camera main good but not too good , frnt average , but keepin all these things aside this phone looks great , and touch is very good , no signal drop, no bullshit , atlast this is great phone
Craz, 18 Sep 2014i friends, Has anyone tried Tempered glass screen protector? If so How's the screen quality co... moreGet one, period. Its just that good.; Get one, period. Its just that good.
I have had this phone and already replaced it once and it wasn't even 6 months. The signal is poor, the battery life is horrible,kicks me out of apps a lot. As soon as it hits the 14% battery life mark it drops to being dead within a couple of min. The touch screen is horrible too it won't let you tap on much and when you try it'll send you somewhere else. I have turned off anything that would constantly run that it would allow me and it still drains the battery bad when it's not in use. I can't get a new one but I would recommend NOT getting this one.; I have had this phone and already replaced it once and it wasn't even 6 months. The signal is poor, the battery life is horrible,kicks me out of apps a lot. As soon as it hits the 14% battery life mark it drops to being dead within a couple of min. The touch screen is horrible too it won't let you tap on much and when you try it'll send you somewhere else. I have turned off anything that would constantly run that it would allow me and it still drains the battery bad when it's not in use. I can't get a new one but I would recommend NOT getting this one.
HTC One M7 camera has purple tint. Here in India HTC will replace the camera for only those who have warranty. Mine is out of warranty, so they said I need to pay. I already paid for the phone, which you at HTC couldnt build with quality materials in the first place. Only the outer case is of quality stuff. Customer satisfaction should be the ultimate aim for HTC or any other company.; HTC One M7 camera has purple tint. Here in India HTC will replace the camera for only those who have warranty. Mine is out of warranty, so they said I need to pay. I already paid for the phone, which you at HTC couldnt build with quality materials in the first place. Only the outer case is of quality stuff. Customer satisfaction should be the ultimate aim for HTC or any other company.
the vibration and the tones sound weird; the vibration and the tones sound weird
i friends, Has anyone tried Tempered glass screen protector? If so How's the screen quality compared to normal plastic ones?
 I'm planning to buy Nillkin tempered protector, Is it good? or else Is there any good screen protector for this beast?
 Please suggest me guys...; i friends, Has anyone tried Tempered glass screen protector? If so How's the screen quality compared to normal plastic ones?; I'm planning to buy Nillkin tempered protector, Is it good? or else Is there any good screen protector for this beast?; Please suggest me guys...
Is it just me r the keyboard is messed up after the update? I never missed so much buttons, it is going on my nevers when im typing. And the camera taking pics and vids r gonne yellowish collor. What a heck is going on??; Is it just me r the keyboard is messed up after the update? I never missed so much buttons, it is going on my nevers when im typing. And the camera taking pics and vids r gonne yellowish collor. What a heck is going on??
HTC makes the best phones with the worst displays; HTC makes the best phones with the worst displays
If it didn't have to most HORRIBLE, GODAWFUL camera of ANY phone I have literally EVER used including the cheap Nokia then I'd give it better ratings. This pathetic excuse for a camera NEVER focuses, has no true function and even the camcorder (which sucks even worse as if THAT could be possible) is so bad that 9 out of TEN videos are so out of focus that you can't even see what's being shot. This PHONE needs to be shot. Your stuck with the lame feed, and I seriously freaking HATE THIS PHONE! I HAD a great phone but broke the screen on a stone tiled floor and Verizon forced this piece of crap on me. No wonder IT SUCKS!!!!! I hate this phone and I HATE MYSELF for paying the extra hundred for a PATHETIC upgrade. My god, if all you do is text then its a great phone, but dont think you will ever get that great pic or quick video lol. I can't wait until I can burn this piece of shit.; If it didn't have to most HORRIBLE, GODAWFUL camera of ANY phone I have literally EVER used including the cheap Nokia then I'd give it better ratings. This pathetic excuse for a camera NEVER focuses, has no true function and even the camcorder (which sucks even worse as if THAT could be possible) is so bad that 9 out of TEN videos are so out of focus that you can't even see what's being shot. This PHONE needs to be shot. Your stuck with the lame feed, and I seriously freaking HATE THIS PHONE! I HAD a great phone but broke the screen on a stone tiled floor and Verizon forced this piece of crap on me. No wonder IT SUCKS!!!!! I hate this phone and I HATE MYSELF for paying the extra hundred for a PATHETIC upgrade. My god, if all you do is text then its a great phone, but dont think you will ever get that great pic or quick video lol. I can't wait until I can burn this piece of shit.
i hate Htc one(m7) camera Quality.... htc one camera has no control on camera sensor.... -_-; i hate Htc one(m7) camera Quality.... htc one camera has no control on camera sensor.... -_-
I've read that it is possible to choose the sound buttons as shutter button in camera options. But as I understand it's only available for Sense6?
 Is it possible to get the Sense6 in Europe at this point?; I've read that it is possible to choose the sound buttons as shutter button in camera options. But as I understand it's only available for Sense6?; Is it possible to get the Sense6 in Europe at this point?
Hw can i use options when i wanna set samfyn; Hw can i use options when i wanna set samfyn
razi, 13 Sep 2014yes i am facing a problem because of 4.4.3 my htc one keys not working perfectly phone hang ag... moreFunny I didn't encounter any problems at all ever since I updated to 4.4.3. Maybe if you did some research about clearing your cache before updating, you wouldn't be complaining on an internet forum.; Funny I didn't encounter any problems at all ever since I updated to 4.4.3. Maybe if you did some research about clearing your cache before updating, you wouldn't be complaining on an internet forum.
hi frindes, i lost my mobile HTC ONE phone on 16/9/2014
 in hydrabad,india and i have my mobile ime number, plase tell me there are any way to trace my phone
 
 Plase replay me on my email: ajay07.rymec@gmail.com; hi frindes, i lost my mobile HTC ONE phone on 16/9/2014; in hydrabad,india and i have my mobile ime number, plase tell me there are any way to trace my phone; Plase replay me on my email: ajay07.rymec@gmail.com
confused!, 15 Sep 2014i was planning on getting a one m7, but he reviews here have discouraged me. i am not a tech f... moreThis is the best HTC mobile you will ever get, ofcourse M8 is ahead of it but M7 has a royal touch to it. Build quality is top notch, decent battery life, great audio quality and excellent screen clarity. There is no reason not to buy this. Go for it; This is the best HTC mobile you will ever get, ofcourse M8 is ahead of it but M7 has a royal touch to it. Build quality is top notch, decent battery life, great audio quality and excellent screen clarity. There is no reason not to buy this. Go for it
i was planning on getting a one m7, but he reviews here have discouraged me. i am not a tech freak. i just liked the design and speaker of this. wouldnt be using my phone heavily coz i do my work on a nexus 7. lll iregret getting this?; i was planning on getting a one m7, but he reviews here have discouraged me. i am not a tech freak. i just liked the design and speaker of this. wouldnt be using my phone heavily coz i do my work on a nexus 7. lll iregret getting this?
Tayan Naz, 02 Sep 2014please suggest me how can I get rid of HTC one M7/M8's pink tint problem with its camera that ... moreDid u get any feedback on this? how to fix this?; Did u get any feedback on this? how to fix this?
abid, 11 Sep 2014Anyone have problems with android 4.4.3 update for HTC one developer edition 801n?yes i am facing a problem because of 4.4.3 my htc one keys not working perfectly phone hang again and again. iam very tens.:(; yes i am facing a problem because of 4.4.3 my htc one keys not working perfectly phone hang again and again. iam very tens.:(
One of the best phone i have ever used!!!; One of the best phone i have ever used!!!
Anyone have problems with android 4.4.3 update for HTC one developer edition 801n?; Anyone have problems with android 4.4.3 update for HTC one developer edition 801n?
By far one of the best cell phones on the market today. I have a Samsung phone as well which comparibly is near equal to the HTC. All in all I would rate 9 out of 10 for this phone the 1 point loss on the camera. Mind you I take my Samsung over this for pictures anyway, and will rarely usd this phone for pics.Credit to HTC on supplying the consumer with a overall quality product.Thanks to those all who are involved in development of such excellent products.Keep up the amazing work and look forward to upcoming future products. Cant wait to see whats in store for us. Thanks.
 
 Sebastian Starr
 Vancouver,B.C Canada; By far one of the best cell phones on the market today. I have a Samsung phone as well which comparibly is near equal to the HTC. All in all I would rate 9 out of 10 for this phone the 1 point loss on the camera. Mind you I take my Samsung over this for pictures anyway, and will rarely usd this phone for pics.Credit to HTC on supplying the consumer with a overall quality product.Thanks to those all who are involved in development of such excellent products.Keep up the amazing work and look forward to upcoming future products. Cant wait to see whats in store for us. Thanks.; Sebastian Starr; Vancouver,B.C Canada
Gps stopped working within a month. Replaced once. Muffled speech after 3 months. Going to replace it again. Bad choice and will never look at it again; Gps stopped working within a month. Replaced once. Muffled speech after 3 months. Going to replace it again. Bad choice and will never look at it again
The best camera phone for night shooting, but don't buy this HTC One if you want to shoot a picture at night. I recommend the Nokia price around $25-$30 is better then HTC One for night shooting.
 Thanks.; The best camera phone for night shooting, but don't buy this HTC One if you want to shoot a picture at night. I recommend the Nokia price around $25-$30 is better then HTC One for night shooting.; Thanks.
HTC One is definitely a nice lovely cell phone which has hit the market very much in Pakistan but the camera which has been provided is not up to mark. The problem with the camera that it cannot produce the photographs in the night because the camera does not have the correct vision in the night. I contacted the shop which I brought the cell phone but they told me that the cell has some problem with the camera and the person from Taiwan is coming across to Karachi to fix up the cell problem. I don't know how far this is true but would really appreciate if something can be done to fix the camera night vision. My e-mail address is badshah_51@hotmail.com. Once again I would really appreciate if the problem can be solved and my cell no is 923008252591. Thank you, Adil Badshah; HTC One is definitely a nice lovely cell phone which has hit the market very much in Pakistan but the camera which has been provided is not up to mark. The problem with the camera that it cannot produce the photographs in the night because the camera does not have the correct vision in the night. I contacted the shop which I brought the cell phone but they told me that the cell has some problem with the camera and the person from Taiwan is coming across to Karachi to fix up the cell problem. I don't know how far this is true but would really appreciate if something can be done to fix the camera night vision. My e-mail address is badshah_51@hotmail.com. Once again I would really appreciate if the problem can be solved and my cell no is 923008252591. Thank you, Adil Badshah
abid, 10 Sep 2014I just updated my HTC one 801n to 4.4.3 . Since then Bluetooth is not working.On switching it ... moreLook, about bluetooth, when you want to recieve something or stuff like that, you have to be on that 'page' of bluetooth where you turn it on and off. Only then other phones can locate you and send you files. Otherwise, even though it's on, it can't be seen. So be on that 'page'.; Look, about bluetooth, when you want to recieve something or stuff like that, you have to be on that 'page' of bluetooth where you turn it on and off. Only then other phones can locate you and send you files. Otherwise, even though it's on, it can't be seen. So be on that 'page'.
[deleted post]One of the best if not the best phone around....; One of the best if not the best phone around....
I just updated my HTC one 801n to 4.4.3 . Since then Bluetooth is not working.On switching it on, bluetooth emblem appears on status bar. But it doesn't detect any other devices and other devices can't detect my phone. Anyone with same problem?. Please anybody to help me?; I just updated my HTC one 801n to 4.4.3 . Since then Bluetooth is not working.On switching it on, bluetooth emblem appears on status bar. But it doesn't detect any other devices and other devices can't detect my phone. Anyone with same problem?. Please anybody to help me?
Htc is the worst brand. Never go for it. Instead go for samsung or moto. Atleast their service and response is very gud.htc's After sales service is worst. Any phone runs smooth for a year after, after completion real prob starts, battery backup is worst. I had htc wildfire which dey stopped manufacturing, after which dey even stopped manufacturing accessories as well. Nw wen I call cust care dey straight away say "we ve stopped manufacturing look for local accessories in local market. I believe in genuine accessories, if the company does not provide accessories den who should; Htc is the worst brand. Never go for it. Instead go for samsung or moto. Atleast their service and response is very gud.htc's After sales service is worst. Any phone runs smooth for a year after, after completion real prob starts, battery backup is worst. I had htc wildfire which dey stopped manufacturing, after which dey even stopped manufacturing accessories as well. Nw wen I call cust care dey straight away say "we ve stopped manufacturing look for local accessories in local market. I believe in genuine accessories, if the company does not provide accessories den who should
This has been the worse phone I have ever owned. I have had problems from the beginning. Every time there is an update at least one or two apps get messed up. The camera was one of the selling points for me and that has been the biggest disappointment. Hard to point and shoot. Zoe has burned something in my mother board and my pictures now have a purple tint. Even before this the pictures were very grainy. I am so disappointed. I haven't even had this phone for 11 months. I can switch to a new phone from something else on the account coming up for renewal in a few weeks and that is exactly what I'm going to do. Of course, this will cost me another $200. I'm done with HTC.; This has been the worse phone I have ever owned. I have had problems from the beginning. Every time there is an update at least one or two apps get messed up. The camera was one of the selling points for me and that has been the biggest disappointment. Hard to point and shoot. Zoe has burned something in my mother board and my pictures now have a purple tint. Even before this the pictures were very grainy. I am so disappointed. I haven't even had this phone for 11 months. I can switch to a new phone from something else on the account coming up for renewal in a few weeks and that is exactly what I'm going to do. Of course, this will cost me another $200. I'm done with HTC.
I jst received this sexy phone. I've been using HTC android phones for a long time now but I'm new to sense 5. I want to know if sense 5 comes with different skins and scenes, like we have in the previous versions of htc sense UI?; I jst received this sexy phone. I've been using HTC android phones for a long time now but I'm new to sense 5. I want to know if sense 5 comes with different skins and scenes, like we have in the previous versions of htc sense UI?
May i know my name please; May i know my name please
Josphat, 04 Sep 2014I have HTC one and whenever I try to connect it on a my PC I can't see it please help.You just have to:
 1. uninstall the HTC Sync Manager,
 2. disable your antivirus and firewall,
 3. download a new version of HTC Sync Manager (with AV and firewall disabled!)
 4. install the new HTC Sync Manager (with AV and firewall disabled!)
 5. After installation, connect your phone and wait for the drivers to install. (Again with AV and firewall disabled.)
 
 After that, every time you connect won't be a problem. Read somewhere that AV and windows firewall doesn't allow some files to be downloaded or installed for the sync manager to work properly.
 
 Anyway, hope this helps!
 
 PS: Re-enable your AV and firewall after you've seen the phone connected.; You just have to:; 1. uninstall the HTC Sync Manager,; 2. disable your antivirus and firewall,; 3. download a new version of HTC Sync Manager (with AV and firewall disabled!); 4. install the new HTC Sync Manager (with AV and firewall disabled!); 5. After installation, connect your phone and wait for the drivers to install. (Again with AV and firewall disabled.); After that, every time you connect won't be a problem. Read somewhere that AV and windows firewall doesn't allow some files to be downloaded or installed for the sync manager to work properly.; Anyway, hope this helps!; PS: Re-enable your AV and firewall after you've seen the phone connected.
Please how can i send files via wi-fi direct any help????; Please how can i send files via wi-fi direct any help????
Am using HTC 1 from past 4 months and it works good for me, i haven't faced any camera issues yet.
 It used to get heat if i play games more than 30 mins
 
 Bateery is ok, but not good; Am using HTC 1 from past 4 months and it works good for me, i haven't faced any camera issues yet.; It used to get heat if i play games more than 30 mins; Bateery is ok, but not good
Canera performance is extremely poor. If you lseek for design and CPU performance, it is suitable.; Canera performance is extremely poor. If you lseek for design and CPU performance, it is suitable.
i also have same problem with camera; i also have same problem with camera
I have HTC one and whenever I try to connect it on a my PC I can't see it please help.; I have HTC one and whenever I try to connect it on a my PC I can't see it please help.
I have one dual(w series) and my brother buy one M7 and he has no problem with it.every thing are ok for both of us.; I have one dual(w series) and my brother buy one M7 and he has no problem with it.every thing are ok for both of us.
Sapi, 03 Sep 2014I have the same problem with the pink color camera in low light condition.... Is there any sol... moreSame problem with the camera... PINK SHADE..... made a mistake buying this phone....... sajitvr55@gmail.com; Same problem with the camera... PINK SHADE..... made a mistake buying this phone....... sajitvr55@gmail.com
I have the same problem with the pink color camera in low light condition.... Is there any solution?; I have the same problem with the pink color camera in low light condition.... Is there any solution?
the One M7 has everything I need from a high-end
 smartphone. its aluminum unibody construction oozes premium quality.
 Sure, HTC's 2014 flagship, the HTC One (M8) , is a better phone
 with a bigger screen and a few new tricks up its sleeve. The LG
 G3 has an insane pixel count, the iPhone 5s lets you unlock it
 with your fingerprint and the Galaxy S5 can soak in a glass of
 water without going kaput. Those are all fun features and, if all
 else were equal ... sure, I'd take most of them.
 but OEMs just trying harder and harder to look
 like their latest devices make the older ones obsolete.
 and for the purlpe tint issue,the damage to the camera sensor caused by heat,and its permanent.
 camera module replace cost 20usd.; the One M7 has everything I need from a high-end; smartphone. its aluminum unibody construction oozes premium quality.; Sure, HTC's 2014 flagship, the HTC One (M8) , is a better phone; with a bigger screen and a few new tricks up its sleeve. The LG; G3 has an insane pixel count, the iPhone 5s lets you unlock it; with your fingerprint and the Galaxy S5 can soak in a glass of; water without going kaput. Those are all fun features and, if all; else were equal ... sure, I'd take most of them.; but OEMs just trying harder and harder to look; like their latest devices make the older ones obsolete.; and for the purlpe tint issue,the damage to the camera sensor caused by heat,and its permanent.; camera module replace cost 20usd.
We own 2 HTC cell phones. Very unhappy . Camera does not worked, nothing but problems since we bought the expensive phones. Was told by Sprint that they are having nothing but problems with the camera in the HTC. We called HTC, spoke to DARIO customer Service Manager who told us we would have to pay to have our phone fixed. Why? Have already paid over $1000.00. We are going back to our I Phone. Will never buy a HTC phone again.; We own 2 HTC cell phones. Very unhappy . Camera does not worked, nothing but problems since we bought the expensive phones. Was told by Sprint that they are having nothing but problems with the camera in the HTC. We called HTC, spoke to DARIO customer Service Manager who told us we would have to pay to have our phone fixed. Why? Have already paid over $1000.00. We are going back to our I Phone. Will never buy a HTC phone again.
vijeyprasanna, 29 Aug 2014Just now I received 4.4.3 update in Sri Lanka. I installed it.Do u recommend me to install it too?? Is there any improvements in 4.4.3??; Do u recommend me to install it too?? Is there any improvements in 4.4.3??
vijeyprasanna, 31 Aug 2014I too updated to 4.4.3. But I didn't get sense 6.2 update yet. Where your from?So what do u recommmend?? Should i update to 4.4.3 or hang on with 4.4.2?? Is there any improvement in battery or heating problem??; So what do u recommmend?? Should i update to 4.4.3 or hang on with 4.4.2?? Is there any improvement in battery or heating problem??
Guys i am curently using htc one android 4.4.2 saw a system up notification for 4.4.3 how is it?? Did anyone update and is their any problem??; Guys i am curently using htc one android 4.4.2 saw a system up notification for 4.4.3 how is it?? Did anyone update and is their any problem??
Edit: Absolutely no problem with the One. It was because of my old PC's USB problems. As for pink tint issues and mic problems that some are whining about, well it's just your bad luck. If yours was a crappy one, it doesn't mean the whole brand is crap. Use your warranty if you can still make use of it, simple. Be practical and grow up.; Edit: Absolutely no problem with the One. It was because of my old PC's USB problems. As for pink tint issues and mic problems that some are whining about, well it's just your bad luck. If yours was a crappy one, it doesn't mean the whole brand is crap. Use your warranty if you can still make use of it, simple. Be practical and grow up.
I bought HTC one within 7months i got Camera and Mic issue twice, before buying the device go to service centre you will be knowing how many people got fed of HTC mic issues and camera issues, its unworth.Before buying any HTC mobile go to service centre and check with users complains.; I bought HTC one within 7months i got Camera and Mic issue twice, before buying the device go to service centre you will be knowing how many people got fed of HTC mic issues and camera issues, its unworth.Before buying any HTC mobile go to service centre and check with users complains.
please suggest me how can I get rid of HTC one M7/M8's pink tint problem with its camera that appears on low light conditions. Thank you.; please suggest me how can I get rid of HTC one M7/M8's pink tint problem with its camera that appears on low light conditions. Thank you.
Anyone encountering any copying media to HTC One M7 problems? It seems to copy but then stops midway! Uninstalled HTC Sync Manager and reinstalled it, updated it to latest version as well but still to no avail. Am I the only one yet?; Anyone encountering any copying media to HTC One M7 problems? It seems to copy but then stops midway! Uninstalled HTC Sync Manager and reinstalled it, updated it to latest version as well but still to no avail. Am I the only one yet?
pachakka, 29 Aug 2014lg nexus5 is amazingur in the wrong conference; ur in the wrong conference
Sunnyday, 31 Aug 2014Jus got the update download message to 4.4.3 and Sense 6.2. I too updated to 4.4.3. But I didn't get sense 6.2 update yet. Where your from?; I too updated to 4.4.3. But I didn't get sense 6.2 update yet. Where your from?
Jus got the update download message to 4.4.3 and Sense 6.2.; Jus got the update download message to 4.4.3 and Sense 6.2.
I just bought the M7-Refurb off Ebay for $250 much better then the Mini :); I just bought the M7-Refurb off Ebay for $250 much better then the Mini :)
HTC ONE(M7) is by far the best phone I've had. It does everything asked of it and I've only scratched the surface as far as user capabilities are concerned.; HTC ONE(M7) is by far the best phone I've had. It does everything asked of it and I've only scratched the surface as far as user capabilities are concerned.
Should I buy M7 or M8-mini? I can get M7-refurb for $250..... M8-mini about the same. Plase advice.; Should I buy M7 or M8-mini? I can get M7-refurb for $250..... M8-mini about the same. Plase advice.
HTC one is a good phone but i am totally depressed about its camera when I want to take in dark it's going to be fu....ing colored; HTC one is a good phone but i am totally depressed about its camera when I want to take in dark it's going to be fu....ing colored
HTC one is a good phone but i am totally depressed about its camera when I want to take in dark it's going to be fucking colored; HTC one is a good phone but i am totally depressed about its camera when I want to take in dark it's going to be fucking colored
lg nexus5 is amazing; lg nexus5 is amazing
kushal, 29 Aug 2014Hey can anyone tell me that how is the battery life of htc m7...currently m using samsung note... morelg nexus5 is amazing; lg nexus5 is amazing
One of the best phone i have ever used but my issue now is that i can't enable my hotspot it keeps saying " To enable tethering on this device, go to att.com/mywireless or dial 611." which is not working
 So i need assistance from any one.; One of the best phone i have ever used but my issue now is that i can't enable my hotspot it keeps saying " To enable tethering on this device, go to att.com/mywireless or dial 611." which is not working; So i need assistance from any one.
vijeyprasanna, 29 Aug 2014Just now I received 4.4.3 update in Sri Lanka. I installed it.can u help me with the update cos i want to update mine too; can u help me with the update cos i want to update mine too
kushal, 29 Aug 2014Hey can anyone tell me that how is the battery life of htc m7...currently m using samsung note... morehtc one (m7)battery is good.; htc one (m7)battery is good.
this not proper working plz not parchase this set; this not proper working plz not parchase this set
Just now I received 4.4.3 update in Sri Lanka. I installed it.; Just now I received 4.4.3 update in Sri Lanka. I installed it.
Just now I received 4.4.3 update in Sri Lanka. I installed it.; Just now I received 4.4.3 update in Sri Lanka. I installed it.
I am a HTC One user for a year.. This is excellent..I plan to replace it by HTC One M8 Premium (or Plus) when released; I am a HTC One user for a year.. This is excellent..I plan to replace it by HTC One M8 Premium (or Plus) when released
Hey can anyone tell me that how is the battery life of htc m7...currently m using samsung note 1 and m sick of its short battery life; Hey can anyone tell me that how is the battery life of htc m7...currently m using samsung note 1 and m sick of its short battery life
Sumanth420, 28 Aug 2014Please consult HTC care, they will rectify the issue. Actually problem is in its lense, in HTC... moreThanks Samantha - I'll try changing the lens. Otherwise, I do like the phone; Thanks Samantha - I'll try changing the lens. Otherwise, I do like the phone
tareq, 15 Aug 2014my htc one m7 got the purple tint in its rear camera :( is their any way to fix it ? :(:(Please consult HTC care, they will rectify the issue. Actually problem is in its lense, in HTC care they will change the lense. One of my friends have the same issue, after changing the lense it is woriking good.; Please consult HTC care, they will rectify the issue. Actually problem is in its lense, in HTC care they will change the lense. One of my friends have the same issue, after changing the lense it is woriking good.
as, 17 Aug 2014I m using HTC one I want to exchange galaxy s4 kindly advise me bcos u have already user of ga... moreDont change this mobile, as compared to samsung touch experience of HTC ONE is unique and best one. If you want to take samsung s4 then before that please use S4 for 2 hours then you will realise qhich one is best; Dont change this mobile, as compared to samsung touch experience of HTC ONE is unique and best one. If you want to take samsung s4 then before that please use S4 for 2 hours then you will realise qhich one is best
KAUSHI, 26 Aug 2014HEY any one update 4.4.2? Is it okay with HTC One?? Can it give camera issue with this update? No issue in camera, camera is working fine; No issue in camera, camera is working fine
KAUSHI, 26 Aug 2014HEY any one update 4.4.2? Is it okay with HTC One?? Can it give camera issue with this update? No issue in camera, camera is working fine; No issue in camera, camera is working fine
I am using HTC one since 10 months, this is the best mobile in the android market. Best sound system, true colors and best screen resolution. I always try to compare with other mobiles but till now i didnt find any mobile like this one. Excellent design and good handling experience; I am using HTC one since 10 months, this is the best mobile in the android market. Best sound system, true colors and best screen resolution. I always try to compare with other mobiles but till now i didnt find any mobile like this one. Excellent design and good handling experience
What is the matter with the stupid camera? It has frozen on me 3 times! I've had to reset it to factory default settings, which is a pain because I could lose all my data if not backed up. This is so frustrating! I can't replace it yet, I have to wait another 6 months or so.; What is the matter with the stupid camera? It has frozen on me 3 times! I've had to reset it to factory default settings, which is a pain because I could lose all my data if not backed up. This is so frustrating! I can't replace it yet, I have to wait another 6 months or so.
I bought this phone from hongkong few months ago and since had been using it in Kolkata:India. Recently I m having the purple tint issue over my camera so I went to the service center to get it replaced instead of replacing my camera they told that mine was an international version and they are having the cams for the indian versions only as they would not support in my device. Is it true?; I bought this phone from hongkong few months ago and since had been using it in Kolkata:India. Recently I m having the purple tint issue over my camera so I went to the service center to get it replaced instead of replacing my camera they told that mine was an international version and they are having the cams for the indian versions only as they would not support in my device. Is it true?
ggg, 23 Aug 2014This is such a crappie phone , I have only two days using this phone and I realized that it's ... moreggg ... u bought a copy dude ... buy original; ggg ... u bought a copy dude ... buy original
HEY any one update 4.4.2? Is it okay with HTC One?? Can it give camera issue with this update?; HEY any one update 4.4.2? Is it okay with HTC One?? Can it give camera issue with this update?
Downloading 4.3 in Kosovo...; Downloading 4.3 in Kosovo...
ggg, 23 Aug 2014This is such a crappie phone , I have only two days using this phone and I realized that it's ... moreThis is the best phone evr.. it gets heated bcz of the metel body its not a very big issue.. the best screen and sounds evr... :D bcz of the screen prfmnce it takes more battery..; This is the best phone evr.. it gets heated bcz of the metel body its not a very big issue.. the best screen and sounds evr... :D bcz of the screen prfmnce it takes more battery..
ggg, 23 Aug 2014This is such a crappie phone , I have only two days using this phone and I realized that it's ... moreAre you sent by samsung because it is only you with your fiasco? 18 months using this month till today all is well. I'm waiting for iPhone 6 to merge it with M7. what a scintillating life; Are you sent by samsung because it is only you with your fiasco? 18 months using this month till today all is well. I'm waiting for iPhone 6 to merge it with M7. what a scintillating life
This is such a crappie phone , I have only two days using this phone and I realized that it's battery in medium usage lasts only 3-4 hours it's got serious heating problems . What I'm gonna say is don't buy this shit , buy anything else but no this , you will regret in the first 2 days.; This is such a crappie phone , I have only two days using this phone and I realized that it's battery in medium usage lasts only 3-4 hours it's got serious heating problems . What I'm gonna say is don't buy this shit , buy anything else but no this , you will regret in the first 2 days.
as, 17 Aug 2014I m using HTC one I want to exchange galaxy s4 kindly advise me bcos u have already user of ga... moresamsung galaxy s4 is fine but the battery is not all that strong.; samsung galaxy s4 is fine but the battery is not all that strong.
Anonymous, 18 Aug 2014can't access my sim contacts after i have put my sim inside the phone,why?It's because your contacts are not saved on your sim..; It's because your contacts are not saved on your sim..
ramighs, 19 Aug 2014some of the htc one have a problem in camera in this case , in the photos was taken in dark en... moremy htc one'scam have pink color display in dark environment; my htc one'scam have pink color display in dark environment
some of the htc one have a problem in camera in this case , in the photos was taken in dark environment can see purple color
 ---------------
 i bought this phone about 1 month ago and i am Satisfaction; some of the htc one have a problem in camera in this case , in the photos was taken in dark environment can see purple color; ---------------; i bought this phone about 1 month ago and i am Satisfaction
Finally free from HTC I bought new Samsung phone; Finally free from HTC I bought new Samsung phone
Hello GSMARENA - just to update you on the software specs - this model just recieved OTA 4.4.3 for EU market. PLease correct the specs sheet; Hello GSMARENA - just to update you on the software specs - this model just recieved OTA 4.4.3 for EU market. PLease correct the specs sheet
What camera problem r u guys talking about? I own a HTC one m7 golden colour and don't see any camera issues. Now I see a 4.4.3 update available but will wait to install; What camera problem r u guys talking about? I own a HTC one m7 golden colour and don't see any camera issues. Now I see a 4.4.3 update available but will wait to install
can't access my sim contacts after i have put my sim inside the phone,why?; can't access my sim contacts after i have put my sim inside the phone,why?
Hi, from what was said at a presscon the camera for this phone is 4 Ultra pixel, not Mega pixel?; Hi, from what was said at a presscon the camera for this phone is 4 Ultra pixel, not Mega pixel?
tareq, 15 Aug 2014my htc one m7 got the purple tint in its rear camera :( is their any way to fix it ? :(:(Hi, I'm sorry to say but you have to put it in a repair center, it's a hardware issue. I bought mine (unlocked m7)a week ago & it works fine. 2014 makes don't have these issues. Try for replacement if you can.; Hi, I'm sorry to say but you have to put it in a repair center, it's a hardware issue. I bought mine (unlocked m7)a week ago & it works fine. 2014 makes don't have these issues. Try for replacement if you can.
Anonymous, 15 Aug 2014Great Headphones and Speakers. Other than that, it's not a great phone. Switched from S4 to th... moreI m using HTC one I want to exchange galaxy s4 kindly advise me bcos u have already user of galaxy s4 plz reply me.; I m using HTC one I want to exchange galaxy s4 kindly advise me bcos u have already user of galaxy s4 plz reply me.
tareq, 15 Aug 2014my htc one m7 got the purple tint in its rear camera :( is their any way to fix it ? :(:(mine too; mine too
I purchased this phone 2 months ago. no one can beat this phone on its premium looks even htc m8.. but the camera image output is so noisy.... it got heated around 75-80'c after using 15 minutes of surfing gaming etc.. and battery life makes it worst...only 3-4 hrs in 3g connectivity .. screen resolution is awesome . overall i wil give *** stars out of 5*.; I purchased this phone 2 months ago. no one can beat this phone on its premium looks even htc m8.. but the camera image output is so noisy.... it got heated around 75-80'c after using 15 minutes of surfing gaming etc.. and battery life makes it worst...only 3-4 hrs in 3g connectivity .. screen resolution is awesome . overall i wil give *** stars out of 5*.
just go to the head quarters of htc in your country and they will replace it; just go to the head quarters of htc in your country and they will replace it
my htc one m7 got the purple tint in its rear camera :( is their any way to fix it ? :(:(; my htc one m7 got the purple tint in its rear camera :( is their any way to fix it ? :(:(
Great Headphones and Speakers. Other than that, it's not a great phone. Switched from S4 to this 3 months ago.; Great Headphones and Speakers. Other than that, it's not a great phone. Switched from S4 to this 3 months ago.
Friends I have HTC one using in India mobile .set at&t fectory unlocked it is runing 4.1.2 .can I update to kitkat plz advise me.; Friends I have HTC one using in India mobile .set at&t fectory unlocked it is runing 4.1.2 .can I update to kitkat plz advise me.
Guys do you suggest the HTC One (M7)?
 If I get this phone I will keep it for around 2 years(or less). Do you think HTC One E8 is better ? (better specs )
 Or you suggest me to wait a month or so to get the HTC One (M8)??? I dont care about the camera...
 Thanks for reading !; Guys do you suggest the HTC One (M7)?; If I get this phone I will keep it for around 2 years(or less). Do you think HTC One E8 is better ? (better specs ); Or you suggest me to wait a month or so to get the HTC One (M8)??? I dont care about the camera...; Thanks for reading !
I bought HTC one m7 801n a week back and its 4.4.2 and I love it..and Camera at night is also good no blue or purple tint but I wanted to know how to blur the background while tKing pic; I bought HTC one m7 801n a week back and its 4.4.2 and I love it..and Camera at night is also good no blue or purple tint but I wanted to know how to blur the background while tKing pic
htc one is the best phone ever,perfect size music my god so good sound system and camera my god its a real phone.; htc one is the best phone ever,perfect size music my god so good sound system and camera my god its a real phone.
I will never in my life purchase another HTC phone. I have had my phone for about 6 months or so and I have had to send it back to the manufacture twice. My phone would get extremly hot and stop working. This is when its not even charging. When I plug it up to charge it gets even worse. I damn near got burnt from it. So warning on this phone DON"T BUY IT!!! Unless you want to get burned....; I will never in my life purchase another HTC phone. I have had my phone for about 6 months or so and I have had to send it back to the manufacture twice. My phone would get extremly hot and stop working. This is when its not even charging. When I plug it up to charge it gets even worse. I damn near got burnt from it. So warning on this phone DON"T BUY IT!!! Unless you want to get burned....
what is rhe difference between Htc one 801s and htc one m7?; what is rhe difference between Htc one 801s and htc one m7?
Good phone but recently giving me problems of power on and off. Aside that, i love it.; Good phone but recently giving me problems of power on and off. Aside that, i love it.
i bought this phone last year, since i haven't receive any new updates.
 even there is also a problem in camera, when you are going to take photo during the night,the photo comes in pinkness.; i bought this phone last year, since i haven't receive any new updates.; even there is also a problem in camera, when you are going to take photo during the night,the photo comes in pinkness.
Anonymous, 11 Aug 2014I think there was no need of releasing the m7 just to fix some issues,they should have worked ... moreyes you are right.there is a big problem in camera wen you a capture the photo during the night. they should have to sort this problem; yes you are right.there is a big problem in camera wen you a capture the photo during the night. they should have to sort this problem
Himaaz, 03 Aug 2014Hi I am using HTC one but there is some problem in camera , it usually show purple tint in di... moreJust sent to service center, they will repair it with no charges. I sent mine, now it is perfect; Just sent to service center, they will repair it with no charges. I sent mine, now it is perfect
Risal, 05 Aug 2014The performance is amazing but I am hugely disappointed with the camera due to the purple tint... moreJust sent to service center, they will repair it with no charges. I sent mine, now it is perfect; Just sent to service center, they will repair it with no charges. I sent mine, now it is perfect
Just sent to service center, they will repair it with no charges. I sent mine, now it is perfect; Just sent to service center, they will repair it with no charges. I sent mine, now it is perfect
I think there was no need of releasing the m7 just to fix some issues,they should have worked on how to improve the camera and other issues by software solutions like the purple tint at night and at low light conditions,sometimes in high light condition the rear camera doesn't perform well on my m7 which makes me prefer the font camera in the noon/high light intensity.Started missing my Motorola droid razr it's has good camera both rear and front and the battery life in pleasing even my nexus 4 performed on both camera and battery life; I think there was no need of releasing the m7 just to fix some issues,they should have worked on how to improve the camera and other issues by software solutions like the purple tint at night and at low light conditions,sometimes in high light condition the rear camera doesn't perform well on my m7 which makes me prefer the font camera in the noon/high light intensity.Started missing my Motorola droid razr it's has good camera both rear and front and the battery life in pleasing even my nexus 4 performed on both camera and battery life
prakashraghav, 08 Aug 2014A BIG NO TO HTC ONE. A CRAP METAL from HTC, a COMPANY THAT CHEATS customers in the name of sel... morei have the htc one and after reading you comment, i disagree, it sounds to me its you cell phone provider, and maybe your phone was one out of a million that had issues.; i have the htc one and after reading you comment, i disagree, it sounds to me its you cell phone provider, and maybe your phone was one out of a million that had issues.
buy htc one 32 gb; buy htc one 32 gb
My Husband has HTC One M7 on Android 4.4.2 in UK Vodafone locked to network.
 
 He is having phone calls dropped when phoning me on my Google Nexus 5 LG which is not Network Locked or Branded.
 
 When I phone my friend on Virgin Mobile on his Motorola Moto X I get no cut off of calls.
 
 I have this evening tried ringing Vodafone and HTC.
 
 Vodafone are useless like a chocolate fire guard.
 
 I rang HTC who advised that Android 4.4.4 will not be coming as they are doing a temporary patch on 4.4.3 as they will be issuing Android L for HTC One M7.
 
 The guy also advised that 4.4.3 has been temporarily withdrawn due to faults in it and will be re issued soon. How soon he was not sure for locked handsets but did not wish to give a timescale that turned out be wrong.
 
 Please can anyone advise me if they have locked Vodafone HTC One M7 and if they are having call drop issues.
 
 My Husband is in mind to sell his HTC One and buy a Google Nexus 5 as mine is working without problem.
 
 Any advice is most appreciated.; My Husband has HTC One M7 on Android 4.4.2 in UK Vodafone locked to network.; He is having phone calls dropped when phoning me on my Google Nexus 5 LG which is not Network Locked or Branded.; When I phone my friend on Virgin Mobile on his Motorola Moto X I get no cut off of calls.; I have this evening tried ringing Vodafone and HTC.; Vodafone are useless like a chocolate fire guard.; I rang HTC who advised that Android 4.4.4 will not be coming as they are doing a temporary patch on 4.4.3 as they will be issuing Android L for HTC One M7.; The guy also advised that 4.4.3 has been temporarily withdrawn due to faults in it and will be re issued soon. How soon he was not sure for locked handsets but did not wish to give a timescale that turned out be wrong.; Please can anyone advise me if they have locked Vodafone HTC One M7 and if they are having call drop issues.; My Husband is in mind to sell his HTC One and buy a Google Nexus 5 as mine is working without problem.; Any advice is most appreciated.
A BIG NO TO HTC ONE. A CRAP METAL from HTC, a COMPANY THAT CHEATS customers in the name of selling a flagship phone !!
 
 As a happy owner of HTC desire HD, was very happy with the announcement of HTC one last year and that excitement pushed me to sign a 2 years contract with Singtel and own the same for myself after paying a hefty $350+ upfront payment, since the device was not available with other vendors then.
 I was a proud owner of a stunning device with all the newest features that a smart phone could have then. Unfortunately that pride did not last long, had to visit the HTC service center as per SingTels recommendation after they tried to fix my 3G/4G connection issue with a SIM card replacement. HTC service center happily repaired the device and handed it over to me and I accepted it without knowing that it was just a beginning of what turned out to be my painful experience with the device and its vendors service. Yes after less than two months had to visit the service center again, again they repaired and told that the device was working properly, then again I had to visit them in few days, this time they said they replaced the motherboard and I thought it would be the end of my mental agony and wasting of my valuable time with the service centers, but NO NO .. Here again, I have a big issues like Cannot speak / listen to when a call is made, the calls getting disconnected often, a strange sound from device speakers, not able to attend a call using head phones
 
 This time I did not want to go the service center again and instead wanted to escalate this to Singtel who, actually the seller of the device to me. Met a Customer Service executive at SingTel Customer service center, West Mall complex, Bukit Batok on 16th July, 2014 with all those previous report cards of the HTC service center and explained him about the current issue with my device and he did confirm the issues from his end and promised me that this would be escalated to the management and later introduced the stores Retail Operations manager Mr. Low Kiang Fook, who said the reports card have been scanned and send across to HTC and till they respond I ought to be using some other phone or go for a contract renewal to buy a new phone. 
 
 Now after posting this horrible experience in HTC singapore's facebook site, got a call from them requesting to send the mobile for servicing again. I thought there would be a permenant solution for every thing this time , but NO NO NO !!! ...they diagnosed the device again and quoted $300 for upperboard + main board replacement +diagnosis charge since this device is now 15 months old !!!and the last mother board that was changed last march only has 3 months warrenty .. MY GOSH !! This time I wanted to respond them the following way 
 
 How could you ( HTC ) brazenly ask money for the repair when you have sold a DEFECTIVE device to a customer. 
 
 This CRAP DEVICE went for servicing for four times in less than 15 and a half months since I bought this in the month of April, 2013 and this is the third time you are suggesting a motherboard replacement (motherboard was changed twice during first 11 months of the purchase and the recent one being in the month of March, 2014 ). Are four servicing and 3 Mother board replacements in 15 months acceptable for a so-called PREMIUM, FLAGSHIP phone from HTC ??.
 I am adding all the previous communications, report cards for your reference and if you have some dignity, morality and business ethics left in you ( HTC ), accept that you have cheated a customer by selling a defective device and compensate my losses (Money/service/time/mental peace ) with a 1 to 1 replacement. If you still want me to pay the money for your FAULT, then let me convey this . !!! KEEP THE PIECE OF CRAP WITH YOU, CONSIDER THE DEVICE as my donation for your R&D dept to try producing a REAL FLAGSHIP device !!. I WILL MAKE SURE THAT MY HORRIBLE & PATHETIC EXPERIENCE WITH HTC ONE GETS to EVERY POSSIBLE SOCIAL NETWORKING SITE & BLOG AND STOPS PEOPLE FROM FALLING PREY TO THIS HOAX of BUYING A FLAGSHIP PHONE FROM HTC; A BIG NO TO HTC ONE. A CRAP METAL from HTC, a COMPANY THAT CHEATS customers in the name of selling a flagship phone !!; As a happy owner of HTC desire HD, was very happy with the announcement of HTC one last year and that excitement pushed me to sign a 2 years contract with Singtel and own the same for myself after paying a hefty $350+ upfront payment, since the device was not available with other vendors then.; I was a proud owner of a stunning device with all the newest features that a smart phone could have then. Unfortunately that pride did not last long, had to visit the HTC service center as per SingTels recommendation after they tried to fix my 3G/4G connection issue with a SIM card replacement. HTC service center happily repaired the device and handed it over to me and I accepted it without knowing that it was just a beginning of what turned out to be my painful experience with the device and its vendors service. Yes after less than two months had to visit the service center again, again they repaired and told that the device was working properly, then again I had to visit them in few days, this time they said they replaced the motherboard and I thought it would be the end of my mental agony and wasting of my valuable time with the service centers, but NO NO .. Here again, I have a big issues like Cannot speak / listen to when a call is made, the calls getting disconnected often, a strange sound from device speakers, not able to attend a call using head phones; This time I did not want to go the service center again and instead wanted to escalate this to Singtel who, actually the seller of the device to me. Met a Customer Service executive at SingTel Customer service center, West Mall complex, Bukit Batok on 16th July, 2014 with all those previous report cards of the HTC service center and explained him about the current issue with my device and he did confirm the issues from his end and promised me that this would be escalated to the management and later introduced the stores Retail Operations manager Mr. Low Kiang Fook, who said the reports card have been scanned and send across to HTC and till they respond I ought to be using some other phone or go for a contract renewal to buy a new phone.; Now after posting this horrible experience in HTC singapore's facebook site, got a call from them requesting to send the mobile for servicing again. I thought there would be a permenant solution for every thing this time , but NO NO NO !!! ...they diagnosed the device again and quoted $300 for upperboard + main board replacement +diagnosis charge since this device is now 15 months old !!!and the last mother board that was changed last march only has 3 months warrenty .. MY GOSH !! This time I wanted to respond them the following way; How could you ( HTC ) brazenly ask money for the repair when you have sold a DEFECTIVE device to a customer.; This CRAP DEVICE went for servicing for four times in less than 15 and a half months since I bought this in the month of April, 2013 and this is the third time you are suggesting a motherboard replacement (motherboard was changed twice during first 11 months of the purchase and the recent one being in the month of March, 2014 ). Are four servicing and 3 Mother board replacements in 15 months acceptable for a so-called PREMIUM, FLAGSHIP phone from HTC ??.; I am adding all the previous communications, report cards for your reference and if you have some dignity, morality and business ethics left in you ( HTC ), accept that you have cheated a customer by selling a defective device and compensate my losses (Money/service/time/mental peace ) with a 1 to 1 replacement. If you still want me to pay the money for your FAULT, then let me convey this . !!! KEEP THE PIECE OF CRAP WITH YOU, CONSIDER THE DEVICE as my donation for your R&D dept to try producing a REAL FLAGSHIP device !!. I WILL MAKE SURE THAT MY HORRIBLE & PATHETIC EXPERIENCE WITH HTC ONE GETS to EVERY POSSIBLE SOCIAL NETWORKING SITE & BLOG AND STOPS PEOPLE FROM FALLING PREY TO THIS HOAX of BUYING A FLAGSHIP PHONE FROM HTC
Guys I am planning to buy HtC one 801n can u plz help me what is the difference between 801n and 801e and does 801n also have the same camera problem that blue clolur on low light?? Plz reply soon nd which should i buy htc one or galaxy s4; Guys I am planning to buy HtC one 801n can u plz help me what is the difference between 801n and 801e and does 801n also have the same camera problem that blue clolur on low light?? Plz reply soon nd which should i buy htc one or galaxy s4
Amrik, 07 Aug 2014Friends iwant to bny htc m7 plz advise me its performance and galaxy s4 better or htc m7 kindl... moreOn youtube you can find so many comparisons for HTC One and S4, for me I love the design of HTC and its build quality plus the updates HTC sends all is fantastic and dont forget to know they have really good speakers.; On youtube you can find so many comparisons for HTC One and S4, for me I love the design of HTC and its build quality plus the updates HTC sends all is fantastic and dont forget to know they have really good speakers.
Friends iwant to bny htc m7 plz advise me its performance and galaxy s4 better or htc m7 kindly suggest me .Sorry for poor English.; Friends iwant to bny htc m7 plz advise me its performance and galaxy s4 better or htc m7 kindly suggest me .Sorry for poor English.
What about heating problem,how to solve?any body.; What about heating problem,how to solve?any body.
You just can't Beat its sound output both in earphones or Loudspeaker when compared with Sony or Samsung phones! Hi guys! I've been using Xperia S since 2 years. Its been a week completed with my HTC one M7. The most beautiful looking phone in my office, said by my colleagues.
 It came with Sense 6.0 and 4.4.2 out of the box.
 Camera :- I think its focuses is like SLR cameras. The blur effect is just amazing. Lot of difference than my misty, dull 12 MP Xperia S photos. Luckily I did not find pink tint issue.
 Processor:- Spc says 2GBRAM, actual in phone 1.7GB RAM. 55 to 60% always in use but still no lag at all.
 Beats audio is good but to really get the BASS out of it, you should install Poweramp after that Boom..Boom you hear even if you put big Headphones unlike the under powered amps in Sony Phones.
 Battery:- Slow charging time :(..Standby time is good but start using whatsapp and you'll loose battery 1% in every 10 minutes.
 Heat:- Don't use Chrome, it heats the phone like lava. I know, the metal body helps. Stock browser is far better.
 What you will like about this phone :-
 Sound output like PC. 70% I use for music, that's why I choose HTC phone.
 Camera like SLR.
 Fast Processing speed.
 
 You won't like:-
 Battery life
 Heat.; You just can't Beat its sound output both in earphones or Loudspeaker when compared with Sony or Samsung phones! Hi guys! I've been using Xperia S since 2 years. Its been a week completed with my HTC one M7. The most beautiful looking phone in my office, said by my colleagues.; It came with Sense 6.0 and 4.4.2 out of the box.; Camera :- I think its focuses is like SLR cameras. The blur effect is just amazing. Lot of difference than my misty, dull 12 MP Xperia S photos. Luckily I did not find pink tint issue.; Processor:- Spc says 2GBRAM, actual in phone 1.7GB RAM. 55 to 60% always in use but still no lag at all.; Beats audio is good but to really get the BASS out of it, you should install Poweramp after that Boom..Boom you hear even if you put big Headphones unlike the under powered amps in Sony Phones.; Battery:- Slow charging time :(..Standby time is good but start using whatsapp and you'll loose battery 1% in every 10 minutes.; Heat:- Don't use Chrome, it heats the phone like lava. I know, the metal body helps. Stock browser is far better.; What you will like about this phone :-; Sound output like PC. 70% I use for music, that's why I choose HTC phone.; Camera like SLR.; Fast Processing speed.; You won't like:-; Battery life; Heat.
Tubemate or tubemote?; Tubemate or tubemote?
The performance is amazing but I am hugely disappointed with the camera due to the purple tint. In less than 6 months my camera screen went purple and since then I have not been able to use the camera at all.; The performance is amazing but I am hugely disappointed with the camera due to the purple tint. In less than 6 months my camera screen went purple and since then I have not been able to use the camera at all.
djohnso, 04 Aug 2014Has anyone heard if the microphone problem has been adressed in the HTC One M8? After two year... moreno; no
hai frnds i wanna take htc one 801e. Have u any pblm with ph who r using it plz tell me frnds; hai frnds i wanna take htc one 801e. Have u any pblm with ph who r using it plz tell me frnds
vijeyprasanna, 04 Aug 2014How can I download videos from YouTube? Pls tell me a best software. Pls help me friends.Use tubemate; Use tubemate
How can I download videos from YouTube? Pls tell me a best software. Pls help me friends.; How can I download videos from YouTube? Pls tell me a best software. Pls help me friends.
Has anyone heard if the microphone problem has been adressed in the HTC One M8? After two years with a great HTC One M7, the microphone (for notrmal calls) went out for no reason. The speaker phone works fine. HTC tech acknowledged this is a known problem with the HTC One M7.; Has anyone heard if the microphone problem has been adressed in the HTC One M8? After two years with a great HTC One M7, the microphone (for notrmal calls) went out for no reason. The speaker phone works fine. HTC tech acknowledged this is a known problem with the HTC One M7.
NeEarly Perfect phone.
 10/7/10
 The only cons is the camera (even though it's not that bad, and video recording is top quality) and maybe the battery. For being just 2300mAh it lasts more than I expected, but I think it would have not been so difficult to use a bigger battery to assure we can always reach 24 hours of normal use; NeEarly Perfect phone.; 10/7/10; The only cons is the camera (even though it's not that bad, and video recording is top quality) and maybe the battery. For being just 2300mAh it lasts more than I expected, but I think it would have not been so difficult to use a bigger battery to assure we can always reach 24 hours of normal use
Himaaz, 03 Aug 2014Hi I am using HTC one but there is some problem in camera , it usually show purple tint in di... morejust avoid the camera; just avoid the camera
Can someone give a detailed info about possible upgrade of HTC One (M7) in to Android 4.3 or even Android L soon!?; Can someone give a detailed info about possible upgrade of HTC One (M7) in to Android 4.3 or even Android L soon!?
Himaaz, 03 Aug 2014Hi I am using HTC one but there is some problem in camera , it usually show purple tint in di... moreGo to the closest HTC service center, they should fix it for free.; Go to the closest HTC service center, they should fix it for free.
Hi
 I am using HTC one but there is some problem in camera , it usually show purple tint in dim light How to avoid that?; Hi; I am using HTC one but there is some problem in camera , it usually show purple tint in dim light How to avoid that?
vayani, 02 Aug 2014Hi I am using HTC one but there is some problem in camera , it usually show purple tint in di... moreNothing u can do except sending back to nearest HTC service centre to change the camera parts (hardware issue)... they will do it for u FOC if still under warranty...
 
 After repaired, u will be a happy HTC One M7 user again...; Nothing u can do except sending back to nearest HTC service centre to change the camera parts (hardware issue)... they will do it for u FOC if still under warranty...; After repaired, u will be a happy HTC One M7 user again...
vayani, 02 Aug 2014Hi I am using HTC one but there is some problem in camera , it usually show purple tint in di... moreCamera problem contact the HTC center my device HTC one camera problem ok; Camera problem contact the HTC center my device HTC one camera problem ok
Hi
 I am using HTC one but there is some problem in camera , it usually show purple tint in dim light How to avoid that?; Hi; I am using HTC one but there is some problem in camera , it usually show purple tint in dim light How to avoid that?
oak, 01 Aug 2014Skype software is one good battery drainer. Also Skype for Android has gone bloated and unstab... moreThanks mate...; Thanks mate...
some stole my htc one ,can trace it; some stole my htc one ,can trace it
hey all 
 i'm having some problems about charging.. it takes about 3 hours to get fully charged from 10% , compared to galaxy S3 its fully charged in 1:30 hours max.
 as i should not use the phone while charging cause it gonna make the process very slow and makes the phone hot.
 the battery drains very fast when using facebook, chat, ..
 any help ?; hey all; i'm having some problems about charging.. it takes about 3 hours to get fully charged from 10% , compared to galaxy S3 its fully charged in 1:30 hours max.; as i should not use the phone while charging cause it gonna make the process very slow and makes the phone hot.; the battery drains very fast when using facebook, chat, ..; any help ?
Frank, 31 Jul 2014Hi guys...Can any one share your experience in using Skype in HTC one through your 3G/4G data ... moreSkype software is one good battery drainer. Also Skype for Android has gone bloated and unstable since it went to Microsoft.; Skype software is one good battery drainer. Also Skype for Android has gone bloated and unstable since it went to Microsoft.
Praiser Jweller, 31 Jul 2014hi im just like you and own about 1 year htc one. just for you to know htc beats audio (my o... moreThanks my friend. your reply settled my worries about the player. thanks and have a nice DAY.; Thanks my friend. your reply settled my worries about the player. thanks and have a nice DAY.
Hi guys...Can any one share your experience in using Skype in HTC one through your 3G/4G data pack. I am planning to upgrade my phone. My ultimate aim is to use skype calls (mostly audio calls)on my travel. Hence kindly post your experience and opinion on the same. Suggestions will also be appreciated.; Hi guys...Can any one share your experience in using Skype in HTC one through your 3G/4G data pack. I am planning to upgrade my phone. My ultimate aim is to use skype calls (mostly audio calls)on my travel. Hence kindly post your experience and opinion on the same. Suggestions will also be appreciated.
emez , 31 Jul 2014Please htc one m7 users,can someone confirm to me if m7 has a separate "bass switch"... morehi
 im just like you and own about 1 year htc one.
 just for you to know htc beats audio (my opinion) make sound louder and a little bit when you see videos make a bass for you.
 i personally when want to buy something i choose best and i say to you my friend if you buy this device and use beats audio "on" with poweramp player (3.99$ in store)this phone is best with extraordinary output sound with clear.
 just in breaf you know my friend in htc one (m7) there is no any setting for audio like bass or other sound setting.just beats audio "on" or "off".
 if u use poweramp player it will be best sound exprience ever.
 GOOD LUCK AND GOD BE WITH YOU.; hi; im just like you and own about 1 year htc one.; just for you to know htc beats audio (my opinion) make sound louder and a little bit when you see videos make a bass for you.; i personally when want to buy something i choose best and i say to you my friend if you buy this device and use beats audio "on" with poweramp player (3.99$ in store)this phone is best with extraordinary output sound with clear.; just in breaf you know my friend in htc one (m7) there is no any setting for audio like bass or other sound setting.just beats audio "on" or "off".; if u use poweramp player it will be best sound exprience ever.; GOOD LUCK AND GOD BE WITH YOU.
Please htc one m7 users,can someone confirm to me if m7 has a separate "bass switch" on music player.or how does beat audio effect the player.i'm a fan of music phone like sonyericsson days Walkman .currently using BlackBerry Q10.i want to buy htc or sony phone.; Please htc one m7 users,can someone confirm to me if m7 has a separate "bass switch" on music player.or how does beat audio effect the player.i'm a fan of music phone like sonyericsson days Walkman .currently using BlackBerry Q10.i want to buy htc or sony phone.
Please htc one m7 users,can someone confirm to me if m7 has a separate bass switch on music player.or how does beat audio effect the player.i'm a fan of music phone like sonyericsson days.currently using BlackBerry Q10.i want to buy htc or sony phone.; Please htc one m7 users,can someone confirm to me if m7 has a separate bass switch on music player.or how does beat audio effect the player.i'm a fan of music phone like sonyericsson days.currently using BlackBerry Q10.i want to buy htc or sony phone.
I had an EVO some years ago..then Samsung Galaxy and now back to HTC (One-M7).Unless one of the other manufacturers comes up with something spectacular, I am now a loyal HTC customer. Not do I consider their phones to be exceptional, the phone tech support is excellent.; I had an EVO some years ago..then Samsung Galaxy and now back to HTC (One-M7).Unless one of the other manufacturers comes up with something spectacular, I am now a loyal HTC customer. Not do I consider their phones to be exceptional, the phone tech support is excellent.
Mind blowing hand set. ..... To avoid purple tint on camera, buy the one that has production date 2014. Bought mine today with 4.4.2 kitkat on board.; Mind blowing hand set. ..... To avoid purple tint on camera, buy the one that has production date 2014. Bought mine today with 4.4.2 kitkat on board.
Mind blowing hand set. ..... To avoid purple tint on camera, buy the one that has production date 2014. Bought mine today with 4.4.2 kitkat on board.; Mind blowing hand set. ..... To avoid purple tint on camera, buy the one that has production date 2014. Bought mine today with 4.4.2 kitkat on board.
No words Awesome; No words Awesome
Prateek10, 26 Jul 2014Hi, Does any one is facing the battery charging problem? The charging get stuck to 12% or 23%... moreYa it had problem to me also it was data cable falt if u r in warranty go to service center get it new one for free...; Ya it had problem to me also it was data cable falt if u r in warranty go to service center get it new one for free...
my friend using this phone,he saying its very good phone.; my friend using this phone,he saying its very good phone.
Istanbul, 21 Jul 2014I have an HTC One for over one year. It has a problem with wireless connection. I applied to ... moreawesome bob, best way to teach this firm is to sue them
 well done; awesome bob, best way to teach this firm is to sue them; well done
Hi,
 Does any one is facing the battery charging problem? The charging get stuck to 12% or 23% for over more than 2 hours and then it increases by 1%?; Hi,; Does any one is facing the battery charging problem? The charging get stuck to 12% or 23% for over more than 2 hours and then it increases by 1%?
HTC one best phone in the world; HTC one best phone in the world
Hi, i just moved from Xperia Z to HTC One M7. Htc one has better build, amazing speakers, amazing camera especially in low light and its fast !!!
 
 Cons
 
 Heats up pretty quick, metal body :)
 Back case is easily prone to scratches. 
 
 All in all, an awesome phone :); Hi, i just moved from Xperia Z to HTC One M7. Htc one has better build, amazing speakers, amazing camera especially in low light and its fast !!!; Cons; Heats up pretty quick, metal body :); Back case is easily prone to scratches.; All in all, an awesome phone :)
I have an HTC One for over one year. It has a problem with wireless connection. I applied to official repair servise five times . Nothing changes and i sued that importing company. I am away from HTC forever. Will chose Galaxy S5 or LG G3.; I have an HTC One for over one year. It has a problem with wireless connection. I applied to official repair servise five times . Nothing changes and i sued that importing company. I am away from HTC forever. Will chose Galaxy S5 or LG G3.
kunhussein, 17 Jul 2014which is better lg g2 or htc one ???? btw u all saying the camera need to be replaced :( Choose Htc one lg g2 looks like a plastic samsung phone; Choose Htc one lg g2 looks like a plastic samsung phone
kunhussein, 17 Jul 2014which is better lg g2 or htc one ???? btw u all saying the camera need to be replaced :( I've always been an Htc customer, but since I bought the Htc one m7 I said this is my last Htc phone.
 Camera is horrible on low-light and during the day light Iphone 5S camera is better and samsung S4 is better also, and android phones are slow on software updates. For other hardware and software things it's running really fast no problems at all. Battery isn't that great like all HTC phones. I'm personally switching to Iphone later, half specs and half battery maH but faster and battery charge and live longer...; I've always been an Htc customer, but since I bought the Htc one m7 I said this is my last Htc phone.; Camera is horrible on low-light and during the day light Iphone 5S camera is better and samsung S4 is better also, and android phones are slow on software updates. For other hardware and software things it's running really fast no problems at all. Battery isn't that great like all HTC phones. I'm personally switching to Iphone later, half specs and half battery maH but faster and battery charge and live longer...
kunhussein, 17 Jul 2014which is better lg g2 or htc one ???? btw u all saying the camera need to be replaced :( I would get the htc one; I would get the htc one
In my HTC one haven't 4g Lte y; In my HTC one haven't 4g Lte y
Mike, 15 Jul 2014Well,I bought this shit phone,in the start I was too glad,,and I really regret it......it's ca... moreYou must have got a dud phone, i got the m7 and was so pleased with it, i went and bought the m8, so don't judge the whole company cos of one faulty phone, all company's have one faulty product that escapes their quality control; You must have got a dud phone, i got the m7 and was so pleased with it, i went and bought the m8, so don't judge the whole company cos of one faulty phone, all company's have one faulty product that escapes their quality control
which is better lg g2 or htc one ???? btw u all saying the camera need to be replaced :(; which is better lg g2 or htc one ???? btw u all saying the camera need to be replaced :(
I bought mine today ....hope it does not give me problems.; I bought mine today ....hope it does not give me problems.
used since Nov 2013, quite good but not the best on
 1. sense 5.5 (UI)
 2. PC program to sync between PCHp
 3. camera nice, but firstly need to send back to HQ to replace camera.
 4. internet also good
 
 until July 2014, unable to switch ON & charge. 2ndly sent to HQ for repaire for 2-4 weeks.
 
 The phone is good, but too sensitive; used since Nov 2013, quite good but not the best on; 1. sense 5.5 (UI); 2. PC program to sync between PCHp; 3. camera nice, but firstly need to send back to HQ to replace camera.; 4. internet also good; until July 2014, unable to switch ON & charge. 2ndly sent to HQ for repaire for 2-4 weeks.; The phone is good, but too sensitive
Mike, 15 Jul 2014Well,I bought this shit phone,in the start I was too glad,,and I really regret it......it's ca... moreYou can give your phone to customer care, and that pink tint is gone forever. Samsung makes too much shitty products. Yes, when it comes to apple or htc one, its different for every individual according to the way they use a smartphone. Htc one is thr best smartphone according to me, even when its an year old. Htc has problems with marketing stuff, and companies like samsung have very strong marketing thats why they are able to sell thier plastic phones far more than this piece of beauty. If any company has ever came close to build quality and design of apple products, thats htc with this phone.; You can give your phone to customer care, and that pink tint is gone forever. Samsung makes too much shitty products. Yes, when it comes to apple or htc one, its different for every individual according to the way they use a smartphone. Htc one is thr best smartphone according to me, even when its an year old. Htc has problems with marketing stuff, and companies like samsung have very strong marketing thats why they are able to sell thier plastic phones far more than this piece of beauty. If any company has ever came close to build quality and design of apple products, thats htc with this phone.
Mike, 15 Jul 2014Well,I bought this shit phone,in the start I was too glad,,and I really regret it......it's ca... morejust go to htc HQ in your country and they will fix for u ,btw too many people have this problem.; just go to htc HQ in your country and they will fix for u ,btw too many people have this problem.
Well,I bought this shit phone,in the start I was too glad,,and I really regret it......it's camera has a pink shade in darkness...and the result isn't too good....I tired everything but it doesn't fix.....I would never ever buy htc phones again....I have been using iPhone since 2g and I switched at 5g...believe in me there is no comparison with apple....samsung comes after iPhone but it's low quality plastic materials put it down....I bet the day iPhone and Nokia introduced the andriod....u won't see theses shitty phones in market..; Well,I bought this shit phone,in the start I was too glad,,and I really regret it......it's camera has a pink shade in darkness...and the result isn't too good....I tired everything but it doesn't fix.....I would never ever buy htc phones again....I have been using iPhone since 2g and I switched at 5g...believe in me there is no comparison with apple....samsung comes after iPhone but it's low quality plastic materials put it down....I bet the day iPhone and Nokia introduced the andriod....u won't see theses shitty phones in market..
How to update the phone using pc? Please help thanks; How to update the phone using pc? Please help thanks
Anonymous, 10 Jul 2014My HTC One turned off all of a sudden. Till now I am not being able to turn on the phone. Trie... moreroot it then install a new rom; root it then install a new rom
kryz, 11 Jul 2014the problem of my HTC one m7 the tasking manager where i can find? pls help me...double tap home button, it will get you to task manager; double tap home button, it will get you to task manager
Got the new update 5.12.707.105
 Yet to instal it.
 About 180 MB in size
 
 HTC One M7 user from Chennai,India; Got the new update 5.12.707.105; Yet to instal it.; About 180 MB in size; HTC One M7 user from Chennai,India
Darkest Night, 08 Jul 2014This for music,design feel premium,UI, and smoothness S4 for camera and batterySpot on, i have an S4 and it's camera is great, everything else HTC One is better.; Spot on, i have an S4 and it's camera is great, everything else HTC One is better.
My friend using this phoe,he is saying very good battry back up and camera clarity.you can buy it.; My friend using this phoe,he is saying very good battry back up and camera clarity.you can buy it.
HTC One M7 Front Camera Top housing
 Hello all. 
 
 I've dropped my phone and the housing round the front camera is bent and coming away at the corner. I've found a replacement online but was wondering if anyone knows how to go about a) removing the original one without damaging the phone and b) how to fit the new one. 
 
 Any help would be greatly appreciated before I go ahead and buy the new part!; HTC One M7 Front Camera Top housing; Hello all.; I've dropped my phone and the housing round the front camera is bent and coming away at the corner. I've found a replacement online but was wondering if anyone knows how to go about a) removing the original one without damaging the phone and b) how to fit the new one.; Any help would be greatly appreciated before I go ahead and buy the new part!
Kapil Patil, 12 Jul 2014Yesterday got Minor Update System Update: 5.12.707.105 (188.11MB) It says "This Update ... moreCorrect Link
 
 https://drive.google.com/folderview?id=0BwE9qXvX-QiKaVQ0TDdBbWFHeFE&usp=sharing 
 
 During copy-paste, just remove extra one '-' from the URL.; Correct Link; During copy-paste, just remove extra one '-' from the URL.
Yesterday got Minor Update System Update: 5.12.707.105 (188.11MB)
 It says
 "This Update contains important enhancements and bug fixes, including - System enhancement."
 I am from Mumbai, India.
 
 Link to images
 https://drive.google.com/folderview?id=0BwE9qXvX-QiKaVQ0TDdBbWFHeFE&usp=drive_web; Yesterday got Minor Update System Update: 5.12.707.105 (188.11MB); It says; "This Update contains important enhancements and bug fixes, including - System enhancement."; I am from Mumbai, India.; Link to images
Anonymous, 11 Jul 2014Yes its 100% true as it gets heated, later the camera will be pink tinted which is irreversible.thanks alot mate:) then i will buy samsung galaxy grand 2; thanks alot mate:) then i will buy samsung galaxy grand 2
Is anyone in india getting an update? I got one today. Its about 180mb. The update says it consists of system enhancements. If anybody knows more information,please share them.; Is anyone in india getting an update? I got one today. Its about 180mb. The update says it consists of system enhancements. If anybody knows more information,please share them.
mastermind, 10 Jul 2014i heard that there are some heat problem in this phone? and because of the heat problem camera... moreYes its 100% true as it gets heated, later the camera will be pink tinted which is irreversible.; Yes its 100% true as it gets heated, later the camera will be pink tinted which is irreversible.
the 
 htc one is no home button? to direct to see the message while in facebook..; the; htc one is no home button? to direct to see the message while in facebook..
the problem of my HTC one m7 the tasking manager where i can find? pls help me...; the problem of my HTC one m7 the tasking manager where i can find? pls help me...
if your HTC one is repidetly restarting then just wait till it goes to screen after you put ur PIN code and then hold the power butten till it says shot down the device or something like it power it down and let it be about 10-20 min and then turn it back on and thats it worked for me 
 btw:sorry about my bad english :); if your HTC one is repidetly restarting then just wait till it goes to screen after you put ur PIN code and then hold the power butten till it says shot down the device or something like it power it down and let it be about 10-20 min and then turn it back on and thats it worked for me; btw:sorry about my bad english :)
Hello all..
 
 I bought HTC one 4 days ago.. today I am facing the problem that phone automatically gets restarted and turns off since 5 hours.. I pressed long the power button but it didn't help me. Please help.; Hello all..; I bought HTC one 4 days ago.. today I am facing the problem that phone automatically gets restarted and turns off since 5 hours.. I pressed long the power button but it didn't help me. Please help.
i heard that there are some heat problem in this phone? and because of the heat problem camera damages. is it true?; i heard that there are some heat problem in this phone? and because of the heat problem camera damages. is it true?
My HTC One turned off all of a sudden. Till now I am not being able to turn on the phone. Tried literally everything. Tried hard reset several times. Its totally unresponsive. Someone told me its having bootloading problem i.e. its not being able to boot. Is it irreparable? Can anyone suggest what to do; My HTC One turned off all of a sudden. Till now I am not being able to turn on the phone. Tried literally everything. Tried hard reset several times. Its totally unresponsive. Someone told me its having bootloading problem i.e. its not being able to boot. Is it irreparable? Can anyone suggest what to do
can some one tell me about Htc one m7 battery life??; can some one tell me about Htc one m7 battery life??
My HTC one phone gets start an turns off today.. I pressed the start button but nothing happens to help me... plz help; My HTC one phone gets start an turns off today.. I pressed the start button but nothing happens to help me... plz help
I've had this phone for almost a year. Not too bad, except the dratted Blink Feed! I hate it. Let me repeat: I HATE IT!! Yes, I have it hidden, not my home screen, but we shouldn't be forced into all the "social" crapola. AND -- the vaunted HTC Sync manager WON"T WORK! Oh, it downloaded -- over 150 mb on my drive -- but when I connect my phone, it pops up and immediately shuts down. Crapware.; I've had this phone for almost a year. Not too bad, except the dratted Blink Feed! I hate it. Let me repeat: I HATE IT!! Yes, I have it hidden, not my home screen, but we shouldn't be forced into all the "social" crapola. AND -- the vaunted HTC Sync manager WON"T WORK! Oh, it downloaded -- over 150 mb on my drive -- but when I connect my phone, it pops up and immediately shuts down. Crapware.
i bought this phone yesterday. and OS still 4.1.2. I check the software update's and it said my phone in the last version. my phone is HTC one unlocked AT&T,non root etc. somebody can help me? pls answr. sorry my english is bad.; i bought this phone yesterday. and OS still 4.1.2. I check the software update's and it said my phone in the last version. my phone is HTC one unlocked AT&T,non root etc. somebody can help me? pls answr. sorry my english is bad.
Good phone HTC one; Good phone HTC one
bhathi, 08 Jul 2014Hi, can someone tell me which phone is better Samsung S4 OR Htc One? (Usage wise - battery li... morethe samsung galaxy s4 is better than the htc one but the htc one is more beautiful than the s4 ,, however if u can buy the lg g2 ... buy it ,it is better than both of them .; the samsung galaxy s4 is better than the htc one but the htc one is more beautiful than the s4 ,, however if u can buy the lg g2 ... buy it ,it is better than both of them .
bhathi, 08 Jul 2014Hi, can someone tell me which phone is better Samsung S4 OR Htc One? (Usage wise - battery li... moresamsung note 2; samsung note 2
This for music,design feel premium,UI, and smoothness
 S4 for camera and battery; This for music,design feel premium,UI, and smoothness; S4 for camera and battery
Hi, can someone tell me which phone is better Samsung S4 OR Htc One?
 (Usage wise - battery life, camera, calling, music, smoothness)
 Thank you; Hi, can someone tell me which phone is better Samsung S4 OR Htc One?; (Usage wise - battery life, camera, calling, music, smoothness); Thank you
Anonymous, 07 Jul 2014Is this HTC one is HTC one m7?yes it is.; yes it is.
Anonymous, 07 Jul 2014Is this HTC one is HTC one m7?it is real name is htc one m7 but we call it htc one ..so it is the same; it is real name is htc one m7 but we call it htc one ..so it is the same
jacx, 03 Jul 2014my experience with HTC radar (windows phone) had used my phone and was stolen last week, my... moreYes, in south africa; Yes, in south africa
Is this HTC one is HTC one m7?; Is this HTC one is HTC one m7?
Anonymous, 06 Jul 2014which is better phone in htc device? 1.one 2.one mini2the htc one (m8); the htc one (m8)
abhi, 28 Jun 2014Hi everyone...i have recently purchased htc one....i like to know how do i tranfer my old phon... morehi abhi use the htc transfer on your phone it will give u the procdur follow; hi abhi use the htc transfer on your phone it will give u the procdur follow
Ardit, 01 Jul 2014Look at your charger,is that 5V 1A?the 5volt 1amper is its charger.hi i am using the standard charger; hi i am using the standard charger
I have htc one red. A good experience in android. Sound quality is above all. I really like htc one and i waiting for a finger print security in new htc one; I have htc one red. A good experience in android. Sound quality is above all. I really like htc one and i waiting for a finger print security in new htc one
vc, 02 Jul 2014htc one or samsung grand 2? in all specs and use pls tell Htc one better; Htc one better
which is better phone in htc device? 1.one 2.one mini2; which is better phone in htc device? 1.one 2.one mini2
Hello,
 
 Do anyone have idea if one supports Video call on Cellular 3G network.; Hello,; Do anyone have idea if one supports Video call on Cellular 3G network.
well if some one has problem with connecting the play store.. he should first check its phone date and time..; well if some one has problem with connecting the play store.. he should first check its phone date and time..
zeeshanff, 01 Jul 2014When I open play store, there is an error 'no connection, try again' even when it is connected... moreupdate your version of google play; update your version of google play
best by ur mobiles & other features ,,like; best by ur mobiles & other features ,,like
Is crap wont let me send video no matter how big or small will not be getting another HTC; Is crap wont let me send video no matter how big or small will not be getting another HTC
vc, 02 Jul 2014htc one or samsung grand 2? in all specs and use pls tell HTC one,man it is far far better than Samsung grand or whatever; HTC one,man it is far far better than Samsung grand or whatever
my experience with HTC radar (windows phone)
 
 had used my phone and was stolen last week, my problem is that i cant locate nor lock my phone with the service that is provided within the phone because is not yet supported in our country (Botswana) i wish to buy new one and question is will their be support; my experience with HTC radar (windows phone); had used my phone and was stolen last week, my problem is that i cant locate nor lock my phone with the service that is provided within the phone because is not yet supported in our country (Botswana) i wish to buy new one and question is will their be support
htc one or samsung grand 2? in all specs and use pls tell; htc one or samsung grand 2? in all specs and use pls tell
When is htc opening it's service centre in Tanzania?We really need it here.; When is htc opening it's service centre in Tanzania?We really need it here.
When will we receive android 4.4.3 update?; When will we receive android 4.4.3 update?
This is a multi task awesome smart phone with a brilliant camera. But somehow the camera is not working at low light !!!! The HTC since version 6 is smart but sometime the ringtone gets lower automatically and the proximity scencore behaves wweird !!! I hope HTC fix this problem . love HTC one.; This is a multi task awesome smart phone with a brilliant camera. But somehow the camera is not working at low light !!!! The HTC since version 6 is smart but sometime the ringtone gets lower automatically and the proximity scencore behaves wweird !!! I hope HTC fix this problem . love HTC one.
zeeshanff, 01 Jul 2014When I open play store, there is an error 'no connection, try again' even when it is connected... moreChange or Re-login your Google Account; Change or Re-login your Google Account
When I open play store, there is an error 'no connection, try again' even when it is connected to internet. Web browser working nice but play store showing no connection.
 I have tried the solutions available on internet (cache clear, date and time setting, hosts edit etc) but of no use.
 What to do?; When I open play store, there is an error 'no connection, try again' even when it is connected to internet. Web browser working nice but play store showing no connection.; I have tried the solutions available on internet (cache clear, date and time setting, hosts edit etc) but of no use.; What to do?
This phone is awesome. Looks, speakers, battery life is all good. However, the call signal strength is not as good as my old Galaxy S2.; This phone is awesome. Looks, speakers, battery life is all good. However, the call signal strength is not as good as my old Galaxy S2.
pol, 30 Jun 2014do you guys experience inconsistency in the charging time? the normal charging time is 2-2.5hr... moreLook at your charger,is that 5V 1A?the 5volt 1amper is its charger.; Look at your charger,is that 5V 1A?the 5volt 1amper is its charger.
pol, 30 Jun 2014do you guys experience inconsistency in the charging time? the normal charging time is 2-2.5hr... moreAre you getting differing charging times using different charging cables? Some cheap and nasty cables will prevent the phone from drawing as much power as it needs from the transformer. The phone will go into slow charge mode.
 
 Somewhere on the cable it should say something like: "28AWG/IP+24AWG/2C"
 
 (First number is data / second number is power.)
 
 For modern phones and tablets look for +24AWG or better (lower number = better) for power (second number); Are you getting differing charging times using different charging cables? Some cheap and nasty cables will prevent the phone from drawing as much power as it needs from the transformer. The phone will go into slow charge mode.; Somewhere on the cable it should say something like: "28AWG/IP+24AWG/2C"; (First number is data / second number is power.); For modern phones and tablets look for +24AWG or better (lower number = better) for power (second number)
am using htc one. more than 6month now..its awesome new htc since 6.and camera&gallery some other functions..; am using htc one. more than 6month now..its awesome new htc since 6.and camera&gallery some other functions..
do you guys experience inconsistency in the charging time? the normal charging time is 2-2.5hrs. sometimes it takes more than 6 hours to fully charge it.; do you guys experience inconsistency in the charging time? the normal charging time is 2-2.5hrs. sometimes it takes more than 6 hours to fully charge it.
I bought it today. It is on Kitkat 4.4.2 and there is no camera problem in it.
 Its awesome.....; I bought it today. It is on Kitkat 4.4.2 and there is no camera problem in it.; Its awesome.....
wonderful and super... super ... sound !
 ok htc one !; wonderful and super... super ... sound !; ok htc one !
abhij, 28 Jun 2014Yes I totaly irritate with dis pink tint ...pls help me what to doYou have to replace the camera module. If yours is still on warranty il must be free on any authorized service. I sent mine and now it's all perfect. I tink now its the same sensor from the m8 but i'n not sure. It's the only way you can really solve the purple tint problem.; You have to replace the camera module. If yours is still on warranty il must be free on any authorized service. I sent mine and now it's all perfect. I tink now its the same sensor from the m8 but i'n not sure. It's the only way you can really solve the purple tint problem.
Just had a system update today, and now my battery life is terrible,my phone gets warm and the gallery menus arent as good as tgey used to be.; Just had a system update today, and now my battery life is terrible,my phone gets warm and the gallery menus arent as good as tgey used to be.
Ras, 20 Jun 2014Bro thanks, just want to know since you were using the m7 did you experienced any purple tint ... moreYes I totaly irritate with dis pink tint ...pls help me what to do; Yes I totaly irritate with dis pink tint ...pls help me what to do
Dex, 20 Jun 2014Please do u see anything like purple tint when using the camera?Yes I got pink tint in low light...pls help me how to solve it; Yes I got pink tint in low light...pls help me how to solve it
Htc one cemera 
 Got pink tint in low light ...i dont know how solve it ..pls someboby help me; Htc one cemera; Got pink tint in low light ...i dont know how solve it ..pls someboby help me
@Tani: I wonder why some people will say that it is working on their M7. Have read something about "rooting" ur M7 and installing certain Applications will make the " tap-to-wake" but I don't know how to go about it. I need a step by step approach to make it work.
 Thanks; @Tani: I wonder why some people will say that it is working on their M7. Have read something about "rooting" ur M7 and installing certain Applications will make the " tap-to-wake" but I don't know how to go about it. I need a step by step approach to make it work.; Thanks
Hi everyone...i have recently purchased htc one....i like to know how do i tranfer my old phone data to htc one..i m currently using nokia lumia 920...i need my contacts and sms from nokia to htc one..how can i do it..need help..; Hi everyone...i have recently purchased htc one....i like to know how do i tranfer my old phone data to htc one..i m currently using nokia lumia 920...i need my contacts and sms from nokia to htc one..how can i do it..need help..
Ohms, 27 Jun 2014I Checked for update on my m7 and upgraded to Sense6 but the double tap to wake is the only th... moreIt does not work for Htc One M7, even with Sense 6, due to software lumitations.; It does not work for Htc One M7, even with Sense 6, due to software lumitations.
i think it's just awesome , l have back one nw ^_^; i think it's just awesome , l have back one nw ^_^
I Checked for update on my m7 and upgraded to Sense6 but the double tap to wake is the only thing I noticed that is yet to function while every other functions better. This double tap to was majorly why I went for the upgrade. What am I to do? Is there anything am not setting right?; I Checked for update on my m7 and upgraded to Sense6 but the double tap to wake is the only thing I noticed that is yet to function while every other functions better. This double tap to was majorly why I went for the upgrade. What am I to do? Is there anything am not setting right?
Anonymous, 26 Jun 2014Where is the HTC Service Center in the Philippines? Purple tint >.Alimall Cubao look for Nokia center; Alimall Cubao look for Nokia center
HTC one ,Updated 2014 today... Phone is over Heating,And the battery also drain too fast,Screen on time gave me almost 1 Hour use.. our area temprature is bewteen 35 to 50 DEGREE c; HTC one ,Updated 2014 today... Phone is over Heating,And the battery also drain too fast,Screen on time gave me almost 1 Hour use.. our area temprature is bewteen 35 to 50 DEGREE c
Where is the HTC Service Center in the Philippines?
 Purple tint >.; Where is the HTC Service Center in the Philippines?; Purple tint >.
mike, 24 Jun 2014I've had mine since 12/31/13. It's a good phone, I'm on the latest update as of 5/29/14. The s... moreDid you eperience purple tint when using the camera??; Did you eperience purple tint when using the camera??
shayan, 24 Jun 2014I just got update in iran Apperance is so goooooood. Htc good job.tnx htcDo you have any purple tint on the camera?; Do you have any purple tint on the camera?
Blacky, 24 Jun 2014Waste of money! I cannot see anything in camera. Every picture is purple! I recommend you to b... moreIf in case of camera purple colour.. just go to service centre they will replace it.. many of the HTC ONE has camera problem..; If in case of camera purple colour.. just go to service centre they will replace it.. many of the HTC ONE has camera problem..
Waste of money! I cannot see anything in camera. Every picture is purple! I recommend you to buy M8. It has it!; Waste of money! I cannot see anything in camera. Every picture is purple! I recommend you to buy M8. It has it!
Shadow, 20 Jun 2014Battery life is quite good(i think so).I unplug at 7am every day, send or receive 2-300 texts a day on weekdays, and typically have 15-25% by midnight. To me, that is all I ask from a smartphone, to be able to be awake as long as I am. I've had the phone exactly 6 months, no loss in battery life.; I unplug at 7am every day, send or receive 2-300 texts a day on weekdays, and typically have 15-25% by midnight. To me, that is all I ask from a smartphone, to be able to be awake as long as I am. I've had the phone exactly 6 months, no loss in battery life.
Anonymous, 22 Jun 2014Well I have a same problem finding the solution if u find solution to it pls do tell me or I w... moreI've had mine since 12/31/13. It's a good phone, I'm on the latest update as of 5/29/14. The speaker quality is fantastic for music and for phone calls. 
 
 The only cons I've noticed are the 4MP camera resolution is exactly that, 4MP, and it drops calls in areas with very bad signal that my previous RAZR did not, maybe the RAZR was just exceptional, maybe this phone doesn't have enough signal, who knows, but it isn't a problem, I'm talking about wooded towns with no towers.
 
 The Pros make it worthwhile. Battery life is ideal, I text often, 2-4000 a month, and I usually have about 20% battery at the end of the day (7am-midnight). That 4MP camera is very good in lower light, better than iPhone 5s and in my opinion, better than GS4. The aluminum case is tough, I've dropped it on asphalt with cosmetic damage to the corners, but no cracked screen (unlike my friend's GS4 that cracked from a 3ft drop onto hardwood flooring). It has a great WIFI antenna, and can be used as a universal remote for regular television sets (it has an IR emitter, I turn off TVs at walmart every time I go using my phone).; I've had mine since 12/31/13. It's a good phone, I'm on the latest update as of 5/29/14. The speaker quality is fantastic for music and for phone calls.; The only cons I've noticed are the 4MP camera resolution is exactly that, 4MP, and it drops calls in areas with very bad signal that my previous RAZR did not, maybe the RAZR was just exceptional, maybe this phone doesn't have enough signal, who knows, but it isn't a problem, I'm talking about wooded towns with no towers.; The Pros make it worthwhile. Battery life is ideal, I text often, 2-4000 a month, and I usually have about 20% battery at the end of the day (7am-midnight). That 4MP camera is very good in lower light, better than iPhone 5s and in my opinion, better than GS4. The aluminum case is tough, I've dropped it on asphalt with cosmetic damage to the corners, but no cracked screen (unlike my friend's GS4 that cracked from a 3ft drop onto hardwood flooring). It has a great WIFI antenna, and can be used as a universal remote for regular television sets (it has an IR emitter, I turn off TVs at walmart every time I go using my phone).
I just got update in iran
 Apperance is so goooooood.
 Htc good job.tnx htc; I just got update in iran; Apperance is so goooooood.; Htc good job.tnx htc
I upgrade the software of my htc one, since then my camera has been having purple tint. Now I saw another alert for upgrade to 5.11.401.10 I don't know wat effect this will have on the phone. Anything I can do to remove or stop the purple tint?; I upgrade the software of my htc one, since then my camera has been having purple tint. Now I saw another alert for upgrade to 5.11.401.10 I don't know wat effect this will have on the phone. Anything I can do to remove or stop the purple tint?
Ras, 20 Jun 2014Bro thanks, just want to know since you were using the m7 did you experienced any purple tint ... moreYes last time I got purple tint on d camera. Now no more after sent for repair at HTC Service Center..; Yes last time I got purple tint on d camera. Now no more after sent for repair at HTC Service Center..
Camera Sucks @ night !!!; Camera Sucks @ night !!!
I love this but I dont have much money to buy; I love this but I dont have much money to buy
Maviraz, 20 Jun 2014Hi Guys, Does anyone of you guys experience the "Not Charging When Phone is Powered On... moreWell I have a same problem finding the solution if u find solution to it pls do tell me or I will have to sell my phone and I don't want to sell it; Well I have a same problem finding the solution if u find solution to it pls do tell me or I will have to sell my phone and I don't want to sell it
planning to buy this phone for my sister..? is it having issues after update and current users do tell the major pros and cons of this device .. please rply asap :)
 thankxx :*; planning to buy this phone for my sister..? is it having issues after update and current users do tell the major pros and cons of this device .. please rply asap :); thankxx :*
dk, 19 Jun 2014wich is best galaxy S3 galaxy S4 xperia Zdont but xperia z the battery is bad; dont but xperia z the battery is bad
I have blue :); I have blue :)
i bought tis model htc . i love it .but the camers ia not enough power because samsug glaxy s5 this camers 16 pixel; i bought tis model htc . i love it .but the camers ia not enough power because samsug glaxy s5 this camers 16 pixel
ketanxhi, 19 Jun 2014kindly suggest me goe puchase new phone i am from india. htc one or lg g2(32 GB).which one is... moreUmm htc one have better design(i think),aluminium body and ultrapixel camera.
 Lg g2 pieces is cheaper (like if u glass will broke it will be cheaper than htc one own),battery life is longer,CPU is much bigger 2.26Ghz quad.Screen is little bit larger.
 
 So i think you should take g2.; Umm htc one have better design(i think),aluminium body and ultrapixel camera.; Lg g2 pieces is cheaper (like if u glass will broke it will be cheaper than htc one own),battery life is longer,CPU is much bigger 2.26Ghz quad.Screen is little bit larger.; So i think you should take g2.
mahi123, 20 Jun 2014can anyone tell me how is the battery life ?? Battery life is quite good(i think so).; Battery life is quite good(i think so).
vijeyprasanna, 17 Jun 2014HTC one x or Samsung galaxy s3? Which one is best? Please help me friends.Hard question,beacause these phones are almost same performance ,but samsung galaxy s3 should be better ,should be stronger and longer battery life.So you should take s3.; Hard question,beacause these phones are almost same performance ,but samsung galaxy s3 should be better ,should be stronger and longer battery life.So you should take s3.
Rimau Malaya, 20 Jun 2014this is normal for HTC ONE M7, to solve it... send it back to HTC service centre (make a call)... moreI assume that you are malaysian, do you know where is htc service centre in malaysia?; I assume that you are malaysian, do you know where is htc service centre in malaysia?
olamidey2kng, 19 Jun 2014Am one of the heavy user on mobile phone and i want to share my experience with sense 6. I don... morefor me batery life not different between sense 5 and 6; for me batery life not different between sense 5 and 6
Ras, 20 Jun 2014Bro thanks, just want to know since you were using the m7 did you experienced any purple tint ... morethis is normal for HTC ONE M7, to solve it... send it back to HTC service centre (make a call) then camera become perfect...
 at the moment... only this way the solution; this is normal for HTC ONE M7, to solve it... send it back to HTC service centre (make a call) then camera become perfect...; at the moment... only this way the solution
Hi Guys,
 
 Does anyone of you guys experience the "Not Charging When Phone is Powered On" issue? I am experiencing it with my HTC ONE M7. if it is powered off, that is the time where i can charge my fone, also i cant connect to PC. Does anyone knows how to fix it?
 
 Thanks in advance.; Hi Guys,; Does anyone of you guys experience the "Not Charging When Phone is Powered On" issue? I am experiencing it with my HTC ONE M7. if it is powered off, that is the time where i can charge my fone, also i cant connect to PC. Does anyone knows how to fix it?; Thanks in advance.
can anyone tell me how is the battery life ??; can anyone tell me how is the battery life ??
Techno J, 12 Jun 2014You are welcome, ask any question regarding the HTC M8. I'm using it right now, M7 was my prev... moreBro thanks, just want to know since you were using the m7 did you experienced any purple tint on the camera?; Bro thanks, just want to know since you were using the m7 did you experienced any purple tint on the camera?
Drue, 16 Jun 2014I just updated my phone to sense 6.0. And it's reealllyyy more feel premium now. I enjoy every... morePlease do u see anything like purple tint when using the camera?; Please do u see anything like purple tint when using the camera?
olamidey2kng, 19 Jun 2014Am one of the heavy user on mobile phone and i want to share my experience with sense 6. I don... morekindly suggest me goe puchase new phone i am from india.
 htc one or lg g2(32 GB).which one is better?reply seriously with your personal use and with detail..; kindly suggest me goe puchase new phone i am from india.; htc one or lg g2(32 GB).which one is better?reply seriously with your personal use and with detail..
Am one of the heavy user on mobile phone and i want to share my experience with sense 6. I don't know you use the phone but i play music, fifa soccer game and check my blinkfeed and Facebook almost every time and my battery last longer. Some say when they update to sense 6 they get the pink or purple tint on the camera but i would say i never experience all that.; Am one of the heavy user on mobile phone and i want to share my experience with sense 6. I don't know you use the phone but i play music, fifa soccer game and check my blinkfeed and Facebook almost every time and my battery last longer. Some say when they update to sense 6 they get the pink or purple tint on the camera but i would say i never experience all that.
dk, 19 Jun 2014wich is best galaxy S3 galaxy S4 xperia ZWhy are you asking this in HTC ONE review section?; Why are you asking this in HTC ONE review section?
dk, 19 Jun 2014wich is best galaxy S3 galaxy S4 xperia ZWhy are you asking this in HTC ONE review section?; Why are you asking this in HTC ONE review section?
wich is best 
 
 galaxy S3
 galaxy S4
 xperia Z; wich is best; galaxy S3; galaxy S4; xperia Z
vijeyprasanna, 17 Jun 2014HTC one x or Samsung galaxy s3? Which one is best? Please help me friends.s3; s3
Anonymous, 17 Jun 2014We're not talking about number of features but best quality sound production. TTPOD is not eve... moreI don't know the sound quality you're talking about maybe you should enlighten me.... But please forget about people ratings because 98% people who rate music app doesn't know that TTPod exist because it's a Chinese app and it's free and most people don't believe that premium apps can also be offered for free. So they believe that TTPod is inferior because it's free.... But bro Am talking about reality here not paper work TTPod is the best.. If you have Home Theater at home plug it to your phone audio jack or if you have a very good headset try it and try setting the effects.... U will never stop thinking me for this.... I've used Poweramp but it's not comparable to TTPod.... I love music more than you can ever imagined (though: Country music, Blues, Gospel and Jazz) nd I go extra mile to look for the best; I don't know the sound quality you're talking about maybe you should enlighten me.... But please forget about people ratings because 98% people who rate music app doesn't know that TTPod exist because it's a Chinese app and it's free and most people don't believe that premium apps can also be offered for free. So they believe that TTPod is inferior because it's free.... But bro Am talking about reality here not paper work TTPod is the best.. If you have Home Theater at home plug it to your phone audio jack or if you have a very good headset try it and try setting the effects.... U will never stop thinking me for this.... I've used Poweramp but it's not comparable to TTPod.... I love music more than you can ever imagined (though: Country music, Blues, Gospel and Jazz) nd I go extra mile to look for the best
Meyi, 17 Jun 2014The best MUSIC app is TTPod with so many features and it's completely free TTPod features; 1... moreWe're not talking about number of features but best quality sound production. TTPOD is not even among the top 20. PlayerPro produces the best sound quality; We're not talking about number of features but best quality sound production. TTPOD is not even among the top 20. PlayerPro produces the best sound quality
HTC one x or Samsung galaxy s3? Which one is best? Please help me friends.; HTC one x or Samsung galaxy s3? Which one is best? Please help me friends.
Anonymous, 16 Jun 2014PlayerPro is the best music player. I tried power amp but PlayerPro is better The best MUSIC app is TTPod with so many features and it's completely free
 TTPod features;
 1. 100+ equalizer for almost all the music genre and so many sounds effects that will make enjoy your music in it fullest. Effects like; Hall, Theater, Live Concert, Stone house, Cave etc
 2. Free Unlimited music download and you can play the song online before downloading. 
 3. Scrolling lyrics with options to change the lyrics text size and color: the lyrics text shows even when you're out of the music app. It's shows when you're on your home screen, browsing the net or even playing games, in fact every where you are the lyrics text pops up. 
 Visit their Facebook fan page to learn more because their website is in Chinese but their Facebook page is in English http://www.facebook.com/TTPodMusicPlayer TTPod is awesome; The best MUSIC app is TTPod with so many features and it's completely free; TTPod features;; 1. 100+ equalizer for almost all the music genre and so many sounds effects that will make enjoy your music in it fullest. Effects like; Hall, Theater, Live Concert, Stone house, Cave etc; 2. Free Unlimited music download and you can play the song online before downloading.; 3. Scrolling lyrics with options to change the lyrics text size and color: the lyrics text shows even when you're out of the music app. It's shows when you're on your home screen, browsing the net or even playing games, in fact every where you are the lyrics text pops up.; Visit their Facebook fan page to learn more because their website is in Chinese but their Facebook page is in English; TTPod is awesome
vijeyprasanna, 16 Jun 2014Thanks drue.poweramp is best one.PlayerPro is the best music player. I tried power amp but PlayerPro is better; PlayerPro is the best music player. I tried power amp but PlayerPro is better
When we will receive android 4.4.3 update? I'm using m7.; When we will receive android 4.4.3 update? I'm using m7.
Drue, 16 Jun 2014I just updated my phone to sense 6.0. And it's reealllyyy more feel premium now. I enjoy every... moreThanks drue.poweramp is best one.; Thanks drue.poweramp is best one.
I just updated my phone to sense 6.0. And it's reealllyyy more feel premium now. I enjoy everything. For those who missed their old blinkfeed, you can still downgrade your Blinkfeed via Playstore. Mine, I love it more than before. :) #satisfied; I just updated my phone to sense 6.0. And it's reealllyyy more feel premium now. I enjoy everything. For those who missed their old blinkfeed, you can still downgrade your Blinkfeed via Playstore. Mine, I love it more than before. :) #satisfied
vijeyprasanna, 04 Jun 2014What is the best audio player for HTC one?I'm using Urbeats earphone.I need powerful sound qua... morefor me the mp3 player is poweramp full.; for me the mp3 player is poweramp full.
Hi guys. I just updated to I think sense 6 and I am having small issue... Since the update my ringtone has changed I used to have the stock one I don't know it's name. I got pretty used to it and I'd like to set it back on as am active ringtone... However I checked the available tones and none of them is the original. Anyone else having the same problem?; Hi guys. I just updated to I think sense 6 and I am having small issue... Since the update my ringtone has changed I used to have the stock one I don't know it's name. I got pretty used to it and I'd like to set it back on as am active ringtone... However I checked the available tones and none of them is the original. Anyone else having the same problem?
Since recent upgrade I am finding the print is faint and white on green hard to read, with poor eyesight. How do I go back to previous settings or improve the screen. Thanks.; Since recent upgrade I am finding the print is faint and white on green hard to read, with poor eyesight. How do I go back to previous settings or improve the screen. Thanks.
HI to all.I have one question.Since i got the update Sense 6 on my HTC ONE M7 I am losing network connection
 very often especially when i leave the town.And my phone never has fallen and it never been damage on any way.Does any one have this problem or now any solution?Tanks guys; HI to all.I have one question.Since i got the update Sense 6 on my HTC ONE M7 I am losing network connection; very often especially when i leave the town.And my phone never has fallen and it never been damage on any way.Does any one have this problem or now any solution?Tanks guys
my htc one is stuck on headphones mode,cannot have normal calls, how i can get out of this????; my htc one is stuck on headphones mode,cannot have normal calls, how i can get out of this????
Techno J, 14 Jun 2014I think you have to sign in to your Gmail account, otherwise, you won't able to use Google Play. Open settings/application manager/all/google playstore & then clear cache.
 You are done.
 Now open google playstore app. It will work like a charm; Open settings/application manager/all/google playstore & then clear cache.; You are done.; Now open google playstore app. It will work like a charm
Can somebody plz tell me .. Is there a difference b/w htc one and htc one dual sim except the memory card ? ? ? Please help; Can somebody plz tell me .. Is there a difference b/w htc one and htc one dual sim except the memory card ? ? ? Please help
Anonymous, 14 Jun 2014I got this phone yesterday and I have to say it's very good..however,I can't seem to open Goog... moreI think you have to sign in to your Gmail account, otherwise, you won't able to use Google Play.; I think you have to sign in to your Gmail account, otherwise, you won't able to use Google Play.
I got this phone yesterday and I have to say it's very good..however,I can't seem to open Google play..internet is working very fine but Google play says connection timed out..please help; I got this phone yesterday and I have to say it's very good..however,I can't seem to open Google play..internet is working very fine but Google play says connection timed out..please help
One of the best phones out there! By far the best android phone... Very fast and sleek design. Miles ahead of any samsung in terms of quality and looks. Gold is more like copper but the color that goes best with the M7. Best audio quality on a smart phone. Cannot stress the premium feel enough! Very satisfied!; One of the best phones out there! By far the best android phone... Very fast and sleek design. Miles ahead of any samsung in terms of quality and looks. Gold is more like copper but the color that goes best with the M7. Best audio quality on a smart phone. Cannot stress the premium feel enough! Very satisfied!
The phone's good; Sense 6 is not. Battery drain is so high that it loses charge while plugged in and playing music on the installed player. I factory reset and calibrated the battery. No difference. HTC support are pretending it's a glitch that needs repair. Mom it's Blinkfeed and other apps and widgets running when not being used. Blinkfeed Stocks and others can't be disabled any more and some run even though disabled.; The phone's good; Sense 6 is not. Battery drain is so high that it loses charge while plugged in and playing music on the installed player. I factory reset and calibrated the battery. No difference. HTC support are pretending it's a glitch that needs repair. Mom it's Blinkfeed and other apps and widgets running when not being used. Blinkfeed Stocks and others can't be disabled any more and some run even though disabled.
Hello everyone. Only good thing about htc one is its shape. Else it is worst. Battery timing is very bad. camera is good only in day light, in night there is purple tint in every htc one. So I not recommend to buy it. Just buy Samsung S4/ LG G2 / HUAWEI Ascend P7 instead of this. Thanks; Hello everyone. Only good thing about htc one is its shape. Else it is worst. Battery timing is very bad. camera is good only in day light, in night there is purple tint in every htc one. So I not recommend to buy it. Just buy Samsung S4/ LG G2 / HUAWEI Ascend P7 instead of this. Thanks
If I plan to buy HTC one mobile is US means whether this mobile support 3G network in india; If I plan to buy HTC one mobile is US means whether this mobile support 3G network in india
Ras , 12 Jun 2014Okay thank uYou are welcome, ask any question regarding the HTC M8. I'm using it right now, M7 was my previous phone.; You are welcome, ask any question regarding the HTC M8. I'm using it right now, M7 was my previous phone.
Techno J, 11 Jun 2014I recommend you to buy a HTC M8. Okay thank u; Okay thank u
Anonymous, 12 Jun 2014buy the new thc one m8 is excellent with no problem Okay thank u; Okay thank u
Ras, 11 Jun 2014Hi guys please this purple tint issue about the camera of htc one m7 is it a general fault? I ... morebuy the new thc one m8 is excellent with no problem; buy the new thc one m8 is excellent with no problem
Just got the Sense 6 update notification in the UK, will download it later :); Just got the Sense 6 update notification in the UK, will download it later :)
Ras, 11 Jun 2014Hi guys please this purple tint issue about the camera of htc one m7 is it a general fault? I ... moreI recommend you to buy a HTC M8.; I recommend you to buy a HTC M8.
Hi guys please this purple tint issue about the camera of htc one m7 is it a general fault? I want to know because I want buy this phone. Please help thank u.; Hi guys please this purple tint issue about the camera of htc one m7 is it a general fault? I want to know because I want buy this phone. Please help thank u.
HTC Sense 6.0 running in Kosovo...; HTC Sense 6.0 running in Kosovo...
first phone from htc that touched my heart!!!!!Although I don't like this brand!!!; first phone from htc that touched my heart!!!!!Although I don't like this brand!!!
overall its a nice phone.. but I feel some overheating and lagging mainly during skype calling..; overall its a nice phone.. but I feel some overheating and lagging mainly during skype calling..
Saif, 09 Jun 2014Update=Purple Tint... Get the camera replaced.it is covered n warranty; Get the camera replaced.it is covered n warranty
I recently updated my htc one to sense 6 UI.after update i am having a problem with ringtone. If i lower the volume during a call, (pls note, DURING A CALL WHILE TALKING), then after disconnecting the call the ringtone volume automatically goes lower. So, i have to manually increase the volume everytime. This was not there previously. Pls help me.; I recently updated my htc one to sense 6 UI.after update i am having a problem with ringtone. If i lower the volume during a call, (pls note, DURING A CALL WHILE TALKING), then after disconnecting the call the ringtone volume automatically goes lower. So, i have to manually increase the volume everytime. This was not there previously. Pls help me.
Update=Purple Tint...; Update=Purple Tint...
xyxy, 09 Jun 2014Please, write me where did u sent it? Directly in Taiwan?Hi,
 
 No, i didn't send back to Taiwan.
 
 In my country, Malaysia, HTC has 1 service centre which responsible to repair all HTC faulty phones...
 
 Where are u from? Anyway, u can email to HTC website & ask them where is the nearest centre u can send your phone for repair..; Hi,; No, i didn't send back to Taiwan.; In my country, Malaysia, HTC has 1 service centre which responsible to repair all HTC faulty phones...; Where are u from? Anyway, u can email to HTC website & ask them where is the nearest centre u can send your phone for repair..
HTCM7Owner, 08 Jun 2014Guys, Camera purple/pink/red tint is due to hardware problem & NOT software... My M7... morePlease, write me where did u sent it? Directly in Taiwan?; Please, write me where did u sent it? Directly in Taiwan?
Guys,
 
 Camera purple/pink/red tint is due to hardware problem & NOT software...
 
 My M7 didn't has this problem when i bought it. But after few months of use, it appeared...
 
 I sent back to HTC service centre & they repaired it for me without any charge coz its still under warranty.
 
 So, DON'T wait for software update! Send back your phone to the nearest HTC service centre BEFORE your warranty expired! But expect your phone will stuck there for WEEKS!
 
 Just be patient, HTC will get it fixed for u...; Guys,; Camera purple/pink/red tint is due to hardware problem & NOT software...; My M7 didn't has this problem when i bought it. But after few months of use, it appeared...; I sent back to HTC service centre & they repaired it for me without any charge coz its still under warranty.; So, DON'T wait for software update! Send back your phone to the nearest HTC service centre BEFORE your warranty expired! But expect your phone will stuck there for WEEKS!; Just be patient, HTC will get it fixed for u...
Hello all, I hope I have some fear of buy htc one 32gb and I do not know is it good or where there are problems please everyone carry this phone tell me is it good in durability and speed or not, and thank you; Hello all, I hope I have some fear of buy htc one 32gb and I do not know is it good or where there are problems please everyone carry this phone tell me is it good in durability and speed or not, and thank you
Anonymous, 07 Jun 2014Update? Purple tint? DAMN YES! I got the camera purple tint right after the update and the focusing is so damn bad. What the hell is this update? The update "Ur One M7 sucks now, go and buy One M8 now because we need money!". I am so freaking disappointed.; DAMN YES! I got the camera purple tint right after the update and the focusing is so damn bad. What the hell is this update? The update "Ur One M7 sucks now, go and buy One M8 now because we need money!". I am so freaking disappointed.
xyzxyz, 06 Jun 2014WHAT A HELL??? Ur new update just bringed me a purple tint that i never had before!!!??? Update? Purple tint?; Update? Purple tint?
Does the sense 6 solve the problem on its camera on low light?pink/blue,red tint do they manage to solve it?; Does the sense 6 solve the problem on its camera on low light?pink/blue,red tint do they manage to solve it?
WHAT A HELL??? Ur new update just bringed me a purple tint that i never had before!!!???; WHAT A HELL??? Ur new update just bringed me a purple tint that i never had before!!!???
my previous issue with the battery drain seems to go away by itself... it is so strange, i have not taken any action to fix (try to) the issue, but all in a sudden the battery life went back to normal... i had the phone on for over 25 hours with light usage,it still have 58%.
 i make 2 calls maybe last 5 mins in total, checked facebook updates 4 times, took 5 pics, alarm this morning, browse for 5 mins.... not bad i guess; my previous issue with the battery drain seems to go away by itself... it is so strange, i have not taken any action to fix (try to) the issue, but all in a sudden the battery life went back to normal... i had the phone on for over 25 hours with light usage,it still have 58%.; i make 2 calls maybe last 5 mins in total, checked facebook updates 4 times, took 5 pics, alarm this morning, browse for 5 mins.... not bad i guess
i've thought that this phone would be great to me. i just bought a month ago and it's the phone i've used before since iphone have arrived. doesn't bug me anything but the fact is this phone has better quality in it. rate it 8/10.; i've thought that this phone would be great to me. i just bought a month ago and it's the phone i've used before since iphone have arrived. doesn't bug me anything but the fact is this phone has better quality in it. rate it 8/10.
Super Phone; Super Phone
nizzy, 05 Jun 2014Hey guys! I'm just stuck with this problem.Please answer if you know this. Is there a 3G ve... moreI think there's none.; I think there's none.
I had it since it came out and I still love it.
 In my opinion it's very good phone 
 I have sense 6 on my phone and it's gergous; I had it since it came out and I still love it.; In my opinion it's very good phone; I have sense 6 on my phone and it's gergous
nizzy, 05 Jun 2014Hey guys! I'm just stuck with this problem.Please answer if you know this. Is there a 3G ve... morethe htc one x is 3g, this one supports 4g/3g; the htc one x is 3g, this one supports 4g/3g
Hey guys! 
 I'm just stuck with this problem.Please answer if you know this.
 Is there a 3G version from htc one???; Hey guys!; I'm just stuck with this problem.Please answer if you know this.; Is there a 3G version from htc one???
Anonymous, 05 Jun 2014OK, I know it's a little late, but I've got a review for the HTC One. I've owned the Galaxy S3... moreUmm maybe you got a faulty HTC ONE. Cause the LED notification and NFC supposed to work just like mine. Sell your HTC ONE and buy a Samsung phone,PROBLEM SOLVED!; Umm maybe you got a faulty HTC ONE. Cause the LED notification and NFC supposed to work just like mine. Sell your HTC ONE and buy a Samsung phone,PROBLEM SOLVED!
HTC ONE 16v, 04 Jun 2014After i upgrade my Htc one m7 to sense 6.0 , i noticed that when i charge it , it takes a long... moreI've experienced the same. Before it only took 2 1/2 hours to charge,now it takes almost 3 hours to make the battery full.; I've experienced the same. Before it only took 2 1/2 hours to charge,now it takes almost 3 hours to make the battery full.
OK, I know it's a little late, but I've got a review for the HTC One. I've owned the Galaxy S3, the S4 and for 2 weeks now, the HTC One. 
 
 First of all, great build quality, excellent in the hand and it looks awesome.
 
 Battery endurance, pretty bad to be honest. In the evening I usually got about 30% left on the S4, the HTC is down below 10%.
 
 I'm really missing the S4's button on the front, it's a little annoying to have to grab the phone just to see what time it is. Also, the LED Notification only seems to work when charging.
 
 Camera is also pretty bad, compared to the S4. I am however seeing an improvement in autofocus department.
 
 The Notification bar is strange to me, it's annoying to have to push another button after it's pulled down, just to access the controls. 
 
 NFC doesn't seem to work for sending pictures. I miss the S-Beam from Samsung to be honest.(I know that's something else)
 
 Overall it's a good phone, it's fast, it's better optimised than the S4, I've always got enough RAM, but I miss some features from the Galaxy. Like Comfort Level, the thing where you put your hand above the screen to see time and notifications, the LED Notifications. For me it's like an Android iPhone to be honest. I'll take a Samsung any day of the week. I'm sorry but this is my honest opinion.; OK, I know it's a little late, but I've got a review for the HTC One. I've owned the Galaxy S3, the S4 and for 2 weeks now, the HTC One.; First of all, great build quality, excellent in the hand and it looks awesome.; Battery endurance, pretty bad to be honest. In the evening I usually got about 30% left on the S4, the HTC is down below 10%.; I'm really missing the S4's button on the front, it's a little annoying to have to grab the phone just to see what time it is. Also, the LED Notification only seems to work when charging.; Camera is also pretty bad, compared to the S4. I am however seeing an improvement in autofocus department.; The Notification bar is strange to me, it's annoying to have to push another button after it's pulled down, just to access the controls.; NFC doesn't seem to work for sending pictures. I miss the S-Beam from Samsung to be honest.(I know that's something else); Overall it's a good phone, it's fast, it's better optimised than the S4, I've always got enough RAM, but I miss some features from the Galaxy. Like Comfort Level, the thing where you put your hand above the screen to see time and notifications, the LED Notifications. For me it's like an Android iPhone to be honest. I'll take a Samsung any day of the week. I'm sorry but this is my honest opinion.
Just update to 4.4.2 sense 6.0,
 features were improved but the display a bit bad.
 my main prob is what is the best data manager instead of HTC Sync Manager (HTC-SM), not much task/data can managed using HTC-SM.
 Any other program to share!?
 Thank you in advance...; Just update to 4.4.2 sense 6.0,; features were improved but the display a bit bad.; my main prob is what is the best data manager instead of HTC Sync Manager (HTC-SM), not much task/data can managed using HTC-SM.; Any other program to share!?; Thank you in advance...
going to get the htc one in about an hgour , any better phones or is this good enough?; going to get the htc one in about an hgour , any better phones or is this good enough?
please i find it difficult to transfer music into my HTC One; please i find it difficult to transfer music into my HTC One
Hello eveyone...i just wanna ask when sense 6 update will b available for htc one dual sim 802d in India ....is there any one who can tell..pls reply.... And i want to knw who are already using sense 6 ....whats ur experience guys???? Share ur experience pls ...thanks :); Hello eveyone...i just wanna ask when sense 6 update will b available for htc one dual sim 802d in India ....is there any one who can tell..pls reply.... And i want to knw who are already using sense 6 ....whats ur experience guys???? Share ur experience pls ...thanks :)
Download ttpod player from play store its the best audio player u can get from android....awesome bass,treble ... Try it u will love it....; Download ttpod player from play store its the best audio player u can get from android....awesome bass,treble ... Try it u will love it....
Keshav108, 04 Jun 2014Peter.yu I read something about clearing the partition cache and I did it. The battery now las... morethx! i also found something regarding the battery problem, but it wasn't due to sense 6... funny thing, just before i try or do anything, my phone seems back to normal (?; thx! i also found something regarding the battery problem, but it wasn't due to sense 6... funny thing, just before i try or do anything, my phone seems back to normal (?
After i upgrade my Htc one m7 to sense 6.0 , i noticed that when i charge it , it takes a long time to charge...Pls reply someone if has the same problem.. TNX!; After i upgrade my Htc one m7 to sense 6.0 , i noticed that when i charge it , it takes a long time to charge...Pls reply someone if has the same problem.. TNX!
This is a very good phone.
 I have it, very easy to root with cyanogenmod which upgrades it to kitkat.
 The only problem I had is the camera. It takes pink pictures. Some people say you should replace it with warranty to fix the camera, too bad I already rooted my phone...
 
 TL;DR: The phone is very good, the camera is not the best.; This is a very good phone.; I have it, very easy to root with cyanogenmod which upgrades it to kitkat.; The only problem I had is the camera. It takes pink pictures. Some people say you should replace it with warranty to fix the camera, too bad I already rooted my phone...; TL;DR: The phone is very good, the camera is not the best.
What is the best audio player for HTC one?I'm using Urbeats earphone.I need powerful sound quality with details.; What is the best audio player for HTC one?I'm using Urbeats earphone.I need powerful sound quality with details.
Keshav108, 03 Jun 2014Just updated to 4.4.2 and Sense 6.0 1. Battery With 4.3, battery life was a bit bad. But whe... morehow r u Keshav; how r u Keshav
Peter.yu I read something about clearing the partition cache and I did it. The battery now lasts approx. 17 hours to 18 hours tops. Give it a try.; Peter.yu I read something about clearing the partition cache and I did it. The battery now lasts approx. 17 hours to 18 hours tops. Give it a try.
Keshav108, 03 Jun 2014Just updated to 4.4.2 and Sense 6.0 1. Battery With 4.3, battery life was a bit bad. But whe... morei have the same problem, but it wasn't a bit bad... it is very bad.... the 1st two days after update to sense 6 was ok.... but starting from 3rd day, the battery drain like crazy... i had it fully charge and all power gone in about 10 hours... and i had not really use it at all, it was a quiet Sunday, all I did was checking time several times throughout the day; i have the same problem, but it wasn't a bit bad... it is very bad.... the 1st two days after update to sense 6 was ok.... but starting from 3rd day, the battery drain like crazy... i had it fully charge and all power gone in about 10 hours... and i had not really use it at all, it was a quiet Sunday, all I did was checking time several times throughout the day
vijeyprasanna, 03 Jun 2014I'm going to try camera kk. Is that better than HTC one default camera?It looks like it is slightly better than default camera. Some pictures i took with camera kk look better than same picture with default camera. Even image size is larger with kk. If image sizes are always larger then this might mean better photos. Please let camera professionals please help us out as camera is the biggest issue with this phone.; It looks like it is slightly better than default camera. Some pictures i took with camera kk look better than same picture with default camera. Even image size is larger with kk. If image sizes are always larger then this might mean better photos. Please let camera professionals please help us out as camera is the biggest issue with this phone.
Anonymous, 03 Jun 2014Camera kk seems to be the best 3rd party camera app for htc one. It produces the best quality ... moreI'm going to try camera kk. Is that better than HTC one default camera?; I'm going to try camera kk. Is that better than HTC one default camera?
What about sense 6.0 update in (East) Europe!?; What about sense 6.0 update in (East) Europe!?
Just updated to 4.4.2 and Sense 6.0
 1. Battery
 With 4.3, battery life was a bit bad. But when I updated to 4.4, I noticed the battery life had improved. The next day I update the Sense 5.5 to Sense 6.0. Battery life became a bit bad though (it's like it's in the middle before and after I updated to 4.4.). WIFI is on all day long and I still have around 40%-50% at the end of the day. M7 got Extreme Power Saving mode too but haven't used it till date.
 2. Performance
 I noticed a minor lag but nothing serious. You can notice it but in the long term, it will become normal. Except that I never had that in 4.3...
 3. Camera
 Interface changed, but since I recently bought the M7, I didn't really had the opportunity to take lots of photos. There seems to be an improvement though.
 4. Music
 Music player is 'colorful'. Other than that, I didn't find major changes nor improvements. Sound output is pretty much the same. 
 5.Blinkfeed
 Yeah it's changed too. I had deactivated it in 4.3 and did it too in 4.4. Just checked it out earlier and it seems a bit better.
 
 I think I covered all the general matters. Loved the M7 since it came out. M8 just came out and we can sort of experience it on the M7. Didn't see any major differences with the 4.4 update but the Sense 6.0 definitely changed the outlook because it's the updated UI, silly me...
 
 If you are satisfied with the 4.3 on your M7, you don't need to update. I did it 'cause I just wanted to know the 'real' differences. There were definitely improvements, though.; Just updated to 4.4.2 and Sense 6.0; 1. Battery; With 4.3, battery life was a bit bad. But when I updated to 4.4, I noticed the battery life had improved. The next day I update the Sense 5.5 to Sense 6.0. Battery life became a bit bad though (it's like it's in the middle before and after I updated to 4.4.). WIFI is on all day long and I still have around 40%-50% at the end of the day. M7 got Extreme Power Saving mode too but haven't used it till date.; 2. Performance; I noticed a minor lag but nothing serious. You can notice it but in the long term, it will become normal. Except that I never had that in 4.3...; 3. Camera; Interface changed, but since I recently bought the M7, I didn't really had the opportunity to take lots of photos. There seems to be an improvement though.; 4. Music; Music player is 'colorful'. Other than that, I didn't find major changes nor improvements. Sound output is pretty much the same.; 5.Blinkfeed; Yeah it's changed too. I had deactivated it in 4.3 and did it too in 4.4. Just checked it out earlier and it seems a bit better.; I think I covered all the general matters. Loved the M7 since it came out. M8 just came out and we can sort of experience it on the M7. Didn't see any major differences with the 4.4 update but the Sense 6.0 definitely changed the outlook because it's the updated UI, silly me...; If you are satisfied with the 4.3 on your M7, you don't need to update. I did it 'cause I just wanted to know the 'real' differences. There were definitely improvements, though.
hi friends,
 
 anyone noticed signal dropping issue after updating to htc 5.11.401.10 sense 6.0. my htc one experiencing signal coming and going issue every two minutes after this update released on 16 may 2014 in dubai.waiting your comments..; hi friends,; anyone noticed signal dropping issue after updating to htc 5.11.401.10 sense 6.0. my htc one experiencing signal coming and going issue every two minutes after this update released on 16 may 2014 in dubai.waiting your comments..
Camera kk seems to be the best 3rd party camera app for htc one. It produces the best quality photos for htc one. The image sizes is also larger say between 1.5 to 2.5mb. Anyone tried it?; Camera kk seems to be the best 3rd party camera app for htc one. It produces the best quality photos for htc one. The image sizes is also larger say between 1.5 to 2.5mb. Anyone tried it?
When will kit Kat 4.4.3 update release?; When will kit Kat 4.4.3 update release?
Anonymous, 31 May 2014Got the sence 6.0 updt in my HTC One. This is absolutely gorgeous. What I liked most are the n... moreTrue saga dat i am also going to keep ma HTC one cos now it's blazing.....; True saga dat i am also going to keep ma HTC one cos now it's blazing.....
Did any body provide the feedback about camera after updating from Jelly Bean to Kit Kat??????; Did any body provide the feedback about camera after updating from Jelly Bean to Kit Kat??????
Anonymous, 01 Jun 2014I already have android 4.4.3 and sense 6. Device is cool nowis 4.4.3 update available?; is 4.4.3 update available?
Aravind, 01 Jun 2014hi....im from srilanka too..can i know which sim you're using?Hi aravind,I'm using dialog. what about you?; Hi aravind,I'm using dialog. what about you?
vijeyprasanna, 20 May 2014Just got HTC sense 6.0 update in Sri Lanka. really superb.hi....im from srilanka too..can i know which sim you're using?; hi....im from srilanka too..can i know which sim you're using?
I already have android 4.4.3 and sense 6. Device is cool now; I already have android 4.4.3 and sense 6. Device is cool now
It's already got Android 4.4.2; It's already got Android 4.4.2
I love the HTC One. It is a fantastic phone. Yet the latest update makes me want to throw up in my mouth. The green and red colours are so tacky. Everything is sized so awkwardly. The font is weird now and BlinkFeed is disgusting. The keyboard doesn't have the same feel. I used to have a mad man crush on my phone but now it's gone. It annoys me to look at it. Please change it back the beautiful atmosphere is gone; I love the HTC One. It is a fantastic phone. Yet the latest update makes me want to throw up in my mouth. The green and red colours are so tacky. Everything is sized so awkwardly. The font is weird now and BlinkFeed is disgusting. The keyboard doesn't have the same feel. I used to have a mad man crush on my phone but now it's gone. It annoys me to look at it. Please change it back the beautiful atmosphere is gone
Got the sence 6.0 updt in my HTC One. This is absolutely gorgeous. What I liked most are the new color themes and the transparent taskbar. I think I am gonna keep this phone one more year. Well done HTC.; Got the sence 6.0 updt in my HTC One. This is absolutely gorgeous. What I liked most are the new color themes and the transparent taskbar. I think I am gonna keep this phone one more year. Well done HTC.
Its a good phone to flaunt amongst your friends and colleagues. It has got good features. The camera quality is also nice. Its 5.2 inch screen allows you to enjoy a movie with great pleasure. Love this phone. If you have HTC ONE, probably you will not even think of an iPhone.; Its a good phone to flaunt amongst your friends and colleagues. It has got good features. The camera quality is also nice. Its 5.2 inch screen allows you to enjoy a movie with great pleasure. Love this phone. If you have HTC ONE, probably you will not even think of an iPhone.
got the update with sense 6...downloading; got the update with sense 6...downloading
Anonymous, 29 May 2014Why would you do it...? If u have sense 6, trust me don't untilthere is a trustworthy person w... moreBecause i want the "tap to wake" feature. That's the only reason. Hehe. Actually,i have sense 6.0 version already.; Because i want the "tap to wake" feature. That's the only reason. Hehe. Actually,i have sense 6.0 version already.
speaknow, 27 May 2014I would want my phone to be rooted also but the problem is i don't know how to do it and I'm a... moreWhy would you do it...? If u have sense 6, trust me don't untilthere is a trustworthy person who rooted his HTC.; Why would you do it...? If u have sense 6, trust me don't untilthere is a trustworthy person who rooted his HTC.
ChrisVE, 29 May 2014I just updated to Sense 6, but i miss the old Blinkfeed.me too. the weather and clock also at the upper side of the app drawer and in the blink feed. but what i love about sense 6 is that now you can customize the fonts.; me too. the weather and clock also at the upper side of the app drawer and in the blink feed. but what i love about sense 6 is that now you can customize the fonts.
I just updated to Sense 6, but i miss the old Blinkfeed.; I just updated to Sense 6, but i miss the old Blinkfeed.
Again got stuck on 480mb, previous one was 2 mb; Again got stuck on 480mb, previous one was 2 mb
wonderful phone; wonderful phone
I am using htc one.but I facing some problem that it always appear a message write "com.htc.htcdialer is not responding" and then restart phone.that time I have not made any phone call and also my SIM card and network signal not display.so what can I do now.please anyone can help me.; I am using htc one.but I facing some problem that it always appear a message write "com.htc.htcdialer is not responding" and then restart phone.that time I have not made any phone call and also my SIM card and network signal not display.so what can I do now.please anyone can help me.
jorjepitpa, 26 May 2014As long as you are not too sorry for losing your warranty, go for it. I consider myself a self... moreI'll try to do it if I'm knowledgeable enough in rooting but i think this is not the right time yet cause i don't even understand the words or terms you mentioned. Hehe. I'm sorry cause I'm not so techie.hehe. Anyway thank you so much for your effort to help me. :); I'll try to do it if I'm knowledgeable enough in rooting but i think this is not the right time yet cause i don't even understand the words or terms you mentioned. Hehe. I'm sorry cause I'm not so techie.hehe. Anyway thank you so much for your effort to help me. :)
darkgamer, 27 May 2014My advice is to go for a magnetic flip cover that automatically unlocks the phone when you fli... moreI would want my phone to be rooted also but the problem is i don't know how to do it and I'm afraid that i might just cause some serious damage on my device.; I would want my phone to be rooted also but the problem is i don't know how to do it and I'm afraid that i might just cause some serious damage on my device.
Techno J, 26 May 2014Actually this was my previous phone, right now I'm using HTC M8. According to M8 you can activ... moreThere's no options like that on M7 settings. So i guess there's really no "tap to wake" feature on M7 unless it is rooted. Thanks anyway. :); There's no options like that on M7 settings. So i guess there's really no "tap to wake" feature on M7 unless it is rooted. Thanks anyway. :)
speaknow, 26 May 2014My phone is not rooted yet and i'm quite afraid to do so cause i don't have so much knowledge ... moreMy advice is to go for a magnetic flip cover that automatically unlocks the phone when you flip open the cover. It's better than to root your phone and lose your warranty. And FYI my phone is rooted.; My advice is to go for a magnetic flip cover that automatically unlocks the phone when you flip open the cover. It's better than to root your phone and lose your warranty. And FYI my phone is rooted.
speaknow, 26 May 2014My phone is not rooted yet and i'm quite afraid to do so cause i don't have so much knowledge ... moreAs long as you are not too sorry for losing your warranty, go for it. I consider myself a self-educated (power)user when it comes to rooting and installing custom roms (done my apprenticeship with an S3). If you want to take the "easy" way, use cyanogenmod installer, they will install superuser, recovery and their own nightly roms in less than 20 minutes (provided that your one is either unlocked from the beginning, or you unlock its bootloader yourself as per the steps on http://www.htcdev.com/bootloader). the problem with cyanogenmod is that they will install clockworkmod recovery, instead of TWRP (team win), which is the better choice for sense-based custom roms. something else to keep in mind: if you do go through all the steps above, elementalX kernel gave me headaches (some android process f***ed up), but lunar kernel installed ok. be brave, go custom :); As long as you are not too sorry for losing your warranty, go for it. I consider myself a self-educated (power)user when it comes to rooting and installing custom roms (done my apprenticeship with an S3). If you want to take the "easy" way, use cyanogenmod installer, they will install superuser, recovery and their own nightly roms in less than 20 minutes (provided that your one is either unlocked from the beginning, or you unlock its bootloader yourself as per the steps on; the problem with cyanogenmod is that they will install clockworkmod recovery, instead of TWRP (team win), which is the better choice for sense-based custom roms. something else to keep in mind: if you do go through all the steps above, elementalX kernel gave me headaches (some android process f***ed up), but lunar kernel installed ok. be brave, go custom :)
Sense 6 available in india.....; Sense 6 available in india.....
speaknow, 26 May 2014Can you teach me how to activate it? ThanksActually this was my previous phone, right now I'm using HTC M8. According to M8 you can activate it like this.
 
 Settings>>Display & Gestures>>Motion Gestures>>Double Tap
 
 That's all; Actually this was my previous phone, right now I'm using HTC M8. According to M8 you can activate it like this.; Settings>>Display & Gestures>>Motion Gestures>>Double Tap; That's all
sajith00, 24 May 2014Hello, Can I know how long are you using this phone & what do you think about the camera p... morehello; hello
Hello. Where can i find my files? I can't find the file manager anywhere. I'm a new HTC user. Please help.; Hello. Where can i find my files? I can't find the file manager anywhere. I'm a new HTC user. Please help.
Techno J, 26 May 2014Of course, this phone has the "Tap to Wake" feature. Can you teach me how to activate it? Thanks; Can you teach me how to activate it? Thanks
jorjepitpa, 25 May 2014Nope, there isn't. For One M7 you need to have root + custom recovery; you install a custom ro... moreMy phone is not rooted yet and i'm quite afraid to do so cause i don't have so much knowledge regarding that. Is it hard and risky to root the phone? I really want to have that "tap to wake" feature. Thanks for your reply. :); My phone is not rooted yet and i'm quite afraid to do so cause i don't have so much knowledge regarding that. Is it hard and risky to root the phone? I really want to have that "tap to wake" feature. Thanks for your reply. :)
speaknow, 25 May 2014Is there a "tap to wake" feature on HTC one just like with LG G2?Of course, this phone has the "Tap to Wake" feature.; Of course, this phone has the "Tap to Wake" feature.
Aaron, 24 May 2014This phone's camera is above 8 MP then why is written only 4 MPx.No its not its 4 million pixels that's it..All it has is slightly larger pixel to capture more photons..Some folk keep going on its equivalent of 12 megapixels and allsorts of untruths...Its 4 million pixels like 4 million loaves of bread is 4 million loaves of bread..; No its not its 4 million pixels that's it..All it has is slightly larger pixel to capture more photons..Some folk keep going on its equivalent of 12 megapixels and allsorts of untruths...Its 4 million pixels like 4 million loaves of bread is 4 million loaves of bread..
Aaron, 24 May 2014This phone's camera is above 8 MP then why is written only 4 MPx.Its not 4mp its 4 ultra pixels; Its not 4mp its 4 ultra pixels
speaknow, 25 May 2014Is there a "tap to wake" feature on HTC one just like with LG G2?Nope, there isn't. For One M7 you need to have root + custom recovery; you install a custom rom (insertcoin, android revolution or viperone) and then a custom kernel which has such gestures (lunar, elementalX...see xda developers). I've had the viperone rom + lunar kernel for a few days and doubletap2wake or swipe2wake make using the phone very convenient. I don't use the power button anymore, maybe only to restart the phone; Nope, there isn't. For One M7 you need to have root + custom recovery; you install a custom rom (insertcoin, android revolution or viperone) and then a custom kernel which has such gestures (lunar, elementalX...see xda developers). I've had the viperone rom + lunar kernel for a few days and doubletap2wake or swipe2wake make using the phone very convenient. I don't use the power button anymore, maybe only to restart the phone
I use iphone 5,5s, blackberry z10,samsung s3,s4, finally i buy htc one really this is number one very brillient phone i never seen xelent audio in bud head phones supet camara no doubt i fix to htc thanku htc; I use iphone 5,5s, blackberry z10,samsung s3,s4, finally i buy htc one really this is number one very brillient phone i never seen xelent audio in bud head phones supet camara no doubt i fix to htc thanku htc
Is there a "tap to wake" feature on HTC one just like with LG G2?; Is there a "tap to wake" feature on HTC one just like with LG G2?
vijeyprasanna, 20 May 2014Just got HTC sense 6.0 update in Sri Lanka. really superb.Where are you?; Where are you?
vijeyprasanna, 20 May 2014Just got HTC sense 6.0 update in Sri Lanka. really superb.Where are you?; Where are you?
scoobs, 24 May 2014If you watch things on ur phone then dont buy it.no flash player If you watch things on your phone, root it and instal dolphin browser + KitKat flashplayer (see xda)...and you're good to go for all web content.; If you watch things on your phone, root it and instal dolphin browser + KitKat flashplayer (see xda)...and you're good to go for all web content.
If you watch things on ur phone then dont buy it.no flash player; If you watch things on ur phone then dont buy it.no flash player
This phone's camera is above 8 MP then why is written only 4 MPx.; This phone's camera is above 8 MP then why is written only 4 MPx.
vijeyprasanna, 20 May 2014Just got HTC sense 6.0 update in Sri Lanka. really superb.Hello, Can I know how long are you using this phone & what do you think about the camera performance?; Hello, Can I know how long are you using this phone & what do you think about the camera performance?
dipotobi, 21 May 2014pls my htc one at nd t ,wont boot up to menu.after the phone powers on.stuck at htc one logo s... moreman you need to do a factory reset; man you need to do a factory reset
johnny, 22 May 2014how do i open the phone to replace batteryOh, you can't open the back side of this phone. Similarly, this phone has non removable battery.; Oh, you can't open the back side of this phone. Similarly, this phone has non removable battery.
This is the best phone design. The size and dimension are just perfect. The performance is excellent. The battery life is very good. I put on 3g all the time , ready to push emails, to surf the webs... It last 2 days easily. I highly recommend it to all users.; This is the best phone design. The size and dimension are just perfect. The performance is excellent. The battery life is very good. I put on 3g all the time , ready to push emails, to surf the webs... It last 2 days easily. I highly recommend it to all users.
hi just wanted to know whether htc one supports wireless charger? thnx; hi just wanted to know whether htc one supports wireless charger? thnx
Brynn, 22 May 2014Last time I had bootloop was when I was doing custom ROM on Galaxy S.. Someone on here will... morei just powered it ...dou i bought it from usa thinking i will used it outside USA ..getting here am stucked with thus problem....any help pls; i just powered it ...dou i bought it from usa thinking i will used it outside USA ..getting here am stucked with thus problem....any help pls
how do i open the phone to replace battery; how do i open the phone to replace battery
Saurav Ghosh, 13 May 2014Umm, not really sure what you mean about audio quality. Audio quality is great on M7, on par w... moreBetter you buy basic phone,don't waste your money.Those mobiles are for people who needs everything in palm , but for you basic mobile is must and best.Good luck; Better you buy basic phone,don't waste your money.Those mobiles are for people who needs everything in palm , but for you basic mobile is must and best.Good luck
i have an iphone 5 and i was thinking of selling it to buy htc m7,but i still have this troubled mind about selling my iphone 5 and buy htc m7,please guys help me out.........htc m7 and iphone 5 which is more better??; i have an iphone 5 and i was thinking of selling it to buy htc m7,but i still have this troubled mind about selling my iphone 5 and buy htc m7,please guys help me out.........htc m7 and iphone 5 which is more better??
Love everything about the phone except the camera. The results are not as great as they were thought to be.
 In low lights I am getting a pink/purple tint in the camera which is supposed to be a manufacturing fault. I saw many other complaints on google too. I have tried to contact HTC support but they just do not want to help and seems like HTC is not ready to own this manufacturing problem, atleast here in Pakisan.; Love everything about the phone except the camera. The results are not as great as they were thought to be.; In low lights I am getting a pink/purple tint in the camera which is supposed to be a manufacturing fault. I saw many other complaints on google too. I have tried to contact HTC support but they just do not want to help and seems like HTC is not ready to own this manufacturing problem, atleast here in Pakisan.
dipotobi, 21 May 2014pls my htc one at nd t ,wont boot up to menu.after the phone powers on.stuck at htc one logo s... moreLast time I had bootloop was when I was doing custom ROM on Galaxy S..
 
 Someone on here will know the trick to get out of this but you have to come clean about anything you did before this started.It is rare or never heard of in a smartphone for bootloader failure.Something you tampered with must have caused this and if not then its trip to repair center..Todays chips are very robust.; Last time I had bootloop was when I was doing custom ROM on Galaxy S..; Someone on here will know the trick to get out of this but you have to come clean about anything you did before this started.It is rare or never heard of in a smartphone for bootloader failure.Something you tampered with must have caused this and if not then its trip to repair center..Todays chips are very robust.
pls my htc one at nd t ,wont boot up to menu.after the phone powers on.stuck at htc one logo screen and restart continously with the same thing happening.what can i do?; pls my htc one at nd t ,wont boot up to menu.after the phone powers on.stuck at htc one logo screen and restart continously with the same thing happening.what can i do?
Techno J, 21 May 2014EV setting is for adjust the exposure level. It's not directly affect the picture quality but ... moreThanks for reply I picked one up on way home 32gig silver second hand..
 
 Started charging it whilst setting up and then went out and it sunny in UK.Took some photos and video just using auto to see how things are..My pics were bit blurred on left side but video ok.Anyhow its lot better now had grease smears on lens.
 
 I think photos come out ok they will do for me all I want is a clear crisp shot with good contrast..Dont care about colour perfection etc..Video was clear and fluid..
 
 What is a shock is how bare the phone is compared to Samsung (had an S5 recently but returned it)..It is almost stock Android..I thought speakers would be a lot louder than what HTC are promoting as booming sound..Screen is pin sharp and that's it for now need to set up properly..It does get warm but that does not bother me one bit,,quadcore and transistors switching on and off 1.6 biilion times a second and no fan or heatsink except aluminium housing its masterpiece.
 
 I wonder how long I will keep this? Need to do full charge now then do audio,battery and more camera tests.; Thanks for reply I picked one up on way home 32gig silver second hand..; Started charging it whilst setting up and then went out and it sunny in UK.Took some photos and video just using auto to see how things are..My pics were bit blurred on left side but video ok.Anyhow its lot better now had grease smears on lens.; I think photos come out ok they will do for me all I want is a clear crisp shot with good contrast..Dont care about colour perfection etc..Video was clear and fluid..; What is a shock is how bare the phone is compared to Samsung (had an S5 recently but returned it)..It is almost stock Android..I thought speakers would be a lot louder than what HTC are promoting as booming sound..Screen is pin sharp and that's it for now need to set up properly..It does get warm but that does not bother me one bit,,quadcore and transistors switching on and off 1.6 biilion times a second and no fan or heatsink except aluminium housing its masterpiece.; I wonder how long I will keep this? Need to do full charge now then do audio,battery and more camera tests.
Brynn, 21 May 2014Can we not improve daylight pictures by dropping EV settings or is this not possible..Fancy tr... moreEV setting is for adjust the exposure level. It's not directly affect the picture quality but light level of the photo. The daylight photos taken from this phone camera are quite darker than other phone cameras. So, I recommend to adjust the EV level. But it has lot of amazing camera features. Picture quality is not too bad as folk say also not great too. 
 
 If you looking for a good camera, this is not ideal for you. Other than the camera, everything is perfect on this phone.; EV setting is for adjust the exposure level. It's not directly affect the picture quality but light level of the photo. The daylight photos taken from this phone camera are quite darker than other phone cameras. So, I recommend to adjust the EV level. But it has lot of amazing camera features. Picture quality is not too bad as folk say also not great too.; If you looking for a good camera, this is not ideal for you. Other than the camera, everything is perfect on this phone.
gilbert, 20 May 2014got the update of sense 6 here in the philippinesreally? how come i have not received an upgrade yet?; really? how come i have not received an upgrade yet?
Can we not improve daylight pictures by dropping EV settings or is this not possible..Fancy trying one of these out second hand..I hear so many storys of folk catching moments due to the Zoe feature plus speakers and build quality make me want to try one..; Can we not improve daylight pictures by dropping EV settings or is this not possible..Fancy trying one of these out second hand..I hear so many storys of folk catching moments due to the Zoe feature plus speakers and build quality make me want to try one..
Just got HTC sense 6.0 update in Sri Lanka. really superb.; Just got HTC sense 6.0 update in Sri Lanka. really superb.
Genghis, 19 May 2014I see many of you are complaining about the HTC One M7 camera and I wonder how much the camera... moreSorry but here is one that is ok 
 LG Optimus G Pro E985. It's features are awesome and so you know i had Sensation and i still think it's one of the best phones ever. But this ones rocks 2 thinks are wrong first (camera should be 8MP), second (memory there is no SD card). Well that is my opinion, don't badger me to much. Bye.; Sorry but here is one that is ok; LG Optimus G Pro E985. It's features are awesome and so you know i had Sensation and i still think it's one of the best phones ever. But this ones rocks 2 thinks are wrong first (camera should be 8MP), second (memory there is no SD card). Well that is my opinion, don't badger me to much. Bye.
when i will be getting sense 6 update in Bahrain; when i will be getting sense 6 update in Bahrain
got the update of sense 6 here in the philippines; got the update of sense 6 here in the philippines
Genghis, 19 May 2014I see many of you are complaining about the HTC One M7 camera and I wonder how much the camera... moreThat's true bro, the only weakness of HTC is its camera. As HTC promised Ultrapixel really work on low-light but its daylight performance not really perfect. HTC should take step to improve the daylight performance of their cameras. Then, HTC haters got nothing to bash towards HTC phones.; That's true bro, the only weakness of HTC is its camera. As HTC promised Ultrapixel really work on low-light but its daylight performance not really perfect. HTC should take step to improve the daylight performance of their cameras. Then, HTC haters got nothing to bash towards HTC phones.
I see many of you are complaining about the HTC One M7 camera and I wonder how much the camera is used compared to other plenty of features offered by this grate phone. There is no other mobile phone offering the screen with the quality of HTC and the liveliness of the phone in general without doubt makes him the best phone available in the market. This is an artistic mobile phone and is suitable for people with refined taste for aesthetics...; I see many of you are complaining about the HTC One M7 camera and I wonder how much the camera is used compared to other plenty of features offered by this grate phone. There is no other mobile phone offering the screen with the quality of HTC and the liveliness of the phone in general without doubt makes him the best phone available in the market. This is an artistic mobile phone and is suitable for people with refined taste for aesthetics...
faris k, 17 May 2014what should be looked before buying used htc one>? PLS HELP ME>>>Dear 
 firstly u have to know the new item price
 some times the diff not cover the risk of buying used one; Dear; firstly u have to know the new item price; some times the diff not cover the risk of buying used one
faris k, 17 May 2014what should be looked before buying used htc one>? PLS HELP ME>>>Sorry, I'm not an htc one m7 owner. But I know fully about it as I've used it for one week. I own an s4 octa. 
 
 Last summer I needed to buy a new phone and was confused between htc one and s4. Both are great phones. I did a lot of research and finally chose a product which suited me. 
 
 If you are eyeing for htc one m7, the only other phone you should look for is the s4. Now s4 also has 2 versions. I9500 or octa and i9505 or the LTE version. 
 
 Build quality and design: htc one is better. 
 
 UI: I prefer Samsung's touchwiz over htc sense. But your choice may be different. 
 
 Battery life: s4 is better
 
 Screen: s4 has a better screen with adjustable color gamut, perfect blacks and whites and more sunlight legibility. 
 
 Performance: both are quite good. But I prefer m7 as it is slightly faster. But s4 has a better processor. So it will play games and high end apps better. 
 
 Speaker: htc one has a better sound. But s4 is louder. In the end I'll prefer htc one in speaker as it sounds just great.
 
 Audio quality: The htc one is better than i9505 s4 but worse than i9500 s4. Anyways, all the three are very good.
 
 Camera: s4 obviously. The m7 is garbage in camera compared to s4.
 
 Take up your choice and choose the best phone for you. Both phones are really good.; Sorry, I'm not an htc one m7 owner. But I know fully about it as I've used it for one week. I own an s4 octa.; Last summer I needed to buy a new phone and was confused between htc one and s4. Both are great phones. I did a lot of research and finally chose a product which suited me.; If you are eyeing for htc one m7, the only other phone you should look for is the s4. Now s4 also has 2 versions. I9500 or octa and i9505 or the LTE version.; Build quality and design: htc one is better.; UI: I prefer Samsung's touchwiz over htc sense. But your choice may be different.; Battery life: s4 is better; Screen: s4 has a better screen with adjustable color gamut, perfect blacks and whites and more sunlight legibility.; Performance: both are quite good. But I prefer m7 as it is slightly faster. But s4 has a better processor. So it will play games and high end apps better.; Speaker: htc one has a better sound. But s4 is louder. In the end I'll prefer htc one in speaker as it sounds just great.; Audio quality: The htc one is better than i9505 s4 but worse than i9500 s4. Anyways, all the three are very good.; Camera: s4 obviously. The m7 is garbage in camera compared to s4.; Take up your choice and choose the best phone for you. Both phones are really good.
peter, 16 May 2014i have the HTC One, and the camera is garbage compared to my wifes Iphone 5. the difference in... morethe camera is totaly useless compared to the price of the phone; the camera is totaly useless compared to the price of the phone
darkgamer, 16 May 2014The camera of m7 is worse than s3. Simple enough. It just has a 4mp camera. And that too with ... morewhat should be looked before buying used htc one>? PLS HELP ME>>>; what should be looked before buying used htc one>? PLS HELP ME>>>
I decided to buy a Htc One M7 Silver from an online store. They can test the phone for me before they send it. What should I ask them to test? Camera? Conectivity? What?; I decided to buy a Htc One M7 Silver from an online store. They can test the phone for me before they send it. What should I ask them to test? Camera? Conectivity? What?
In North America the HTC One (M7) just got an Update to HTC Sense 6. 
 
 Now the M7 has most of the Software Features that the M8 has (obviously the added Features for the second "Aperture" (on the Back) are not available on the M7).
 
 The default Theme (after Update and ReBoot) is ugly flat green, so go into your Personalization and change your Theme (and reset your Wallpaper).
 
 The "Weather" (Main Screen) seems broken and will not update (hopefully it is a temporary Server problem and we will not need yet another Update to fix it). If you do not like the Weather well now you are set !
 
 The Camera adds a BUNCH of new Features including the STRANGE "Make-up Level" (which I will not use for Selfies, nor take Selfies in any event). ;) .
 
 More Info here: http://www.androidcentral.com/htc-sense-6 
 
 YT: http://www.youtube.com/user/LowLightVideos; In North America the HTC One (M7) just got an Update to HTC Sense 6.; Now the M7 has most of the Software Features that the M8 has (obviously the added Features for the second "Aperture" (on the Back) are not available on the M7).; The default Theme (after Update and ReBoot) is ugly flat green, so go into your Personalization and change your Theme (and reset your Wallpaper).; The "Weather" (Main Screen) seems broken and will not update (hopefully it is a temporary Server problem and we will not need yet another Update to fix it). If you do not like the Weather well now you are set !; The Camera adds a BUNCH of new Features including the STRANGE "Make-up Level" (which I will not use for Selfies, nor take Selfies in any event). ;) .; More Info here:; YT:
Anonymous, 15 May 2014i am using galaxy s3 but i am planing to buy this htc one(m7) i love it's build quality but i ... morei have the HTC One, and the camera is garbage compared to my wifes Iphone 5. the difference in the photo quality is night and day!!! I dont know if the phone I have is an M7 or M8 to tell you the truth because I got it from Sprint in America about 10 months ago when it had first been released here and it was just marketed as an HTC One with no mention of M7 or M8.; i have the HTC One, and the camera is garbage compared to my wifes Iphone 5. the difference in the photo quality is night and day!!! I dont know if the phone I have is an M7 or M8 to tell you the truth because I got it from Sprint in America about 10 months ago when it had first been released here and it was just marketed as an HTC One with no mention of M7 or M8.
Techno J, 16 May 2014Actually Lumia phones are the best camera phones. No phone can reach the camera quality of the... moreDon't say lumia phones. Say 1020. It's a beast in camera. But there are other things too to look for in a phone. The 1020 falters there. 
 
 The 1520 and icon are decent but they are no match for 1020. They are more like equal to s5.
 
 I find that galaxies take decent photos.
 
 I have a great album from my s4. Oh and I live to take panoramas. No one can beat s4 at that. It takes amazing 60 MP panoramas. 
 
 I admit that s4 isn't even close to 1020 but that has a 1/1.6 inch sensor. Almost 3 times bigger than s4. So let's not compare a smartphone with camera phone.
 
 Have a nice day; Don't say lumia phones. Say 1020. It's a beast in camera. But there are other things too to look for in a phone. The 1020 falters there.; The 1520 and icon are decent but they are no match for 1020. They are more like equal to s5.; I find that galaxies take decent photos.; I have a great album from my s4. Oh and I live to take panoramas. No one can beat s4 at that. It takes amazing 60 MP panoramas.; I admit that s4 isn't even close to 1020 but that has a 1/1.6 inch sensor. Almost 3 times bigger than s4. So let's not compare a smartphone with camera phone.; Have a nice day
This phone does not have 900 Mhz on the 3G/HSDPA band (for AT&T phones), please, fix this issue or be more specific.
 
 Should be like this:
 3G Network HSDPA 850 / 1900 / 2100; This phone does not have 900 Mhz on the 3G/HSDPA band (for AT&T phones), please, fix this issue or be more specific.; Should be like this:; 3G Network	HSDPA 850 / 1900 / 2100
Not to get confused...This phone have one of best cameras...Ppl look for mpx and that is wrong... Reason u should get thin phone and u like taking photos is because this phone have ultra-pixel camera(2micro meters pixels)with advanced sensors... This technology provides to capture 300% more lights and information on 1 pixel than standard phones cameras...So dont get confused...; Not to get confused...This phone have one of best cameras...Ppl look for mpx and that is wrong... Reason u should get thin phone and u like taking photos is because this phone have ultra-pixel camera(2micro meters pixels)with advanced sensors... This technology provides to capture 300% more lights and information on 1 pixel than standard phones cameras...So dont get confused...
usnawaz, 16 May 2014How to send/share any file in the phone or external sd via BLUETOOTH ?? bcoz unlike samsung p... moreBluetooth file transfer app.; Bluetooth file transfer app.
usnawaz, 16 May 2014How to send/share any file in the phone or external sd via BLUETOOTH ?? bcoz unlike samsung p... morei never find any trouble with ES File Explorer; i never find any trouble with ES File Explorer
How to send/share any file in the phone or external sd via BLUETOOTH ??
 bcoz unlike samsung phones,its bluetooth doesnot appear in Sharing option of any file in any Explorer..?
 What is the solution,
 or which file explorer can give option of
 Sharing via Bluetooth ???
 Plz reply; How to send/share any file in the phone or external sd via BLUETOOTH ??; bcoz unlike samsung phones,its bluetooth doesnot appear in Sharing option of any file in any Explorer..?; What is the solution,; or which file explorer can give option of; Sharing via Bluetooth ???; Plz reply
darkgamer, 16 May 2014The camera of m7 is worse than s3. Simple enough. It just has a 4mp camera. And that too with ... moreActually Lumia phones are the best camera phones. No phone can reach the camera quality of the Lumia devices. Galaxy S4 or even S5 camera only good at daylight photography. Its indoor and low-light performances not really good. But Lumia phones are good at any condition.; Actually Lumia phones are the best camera phones. No phone can reach the camera quality of the Lumia devices. Galaxy S4 or even S5 camera only good at daylight photography. Its indoor and low-light performances not really good. But Lumia phones are good at any condition.
Anonymous, 15 May 2014i am using galaxy s3 but i am planing to buy this htc one(m7) i love it's build quality but i ... moreThe camera of m7 is worse than s3. Simple enough. It just has a 4mp camera. And that too with processing issues such as overexposure. Plus it has a purple hue defect in most of the pieces in low light. That's a major issue and I saw it on many m7 pieces. 
 
 But m7 is a much better phone than s3 if you leave the camera. The build quality, the speakers, speed of the ui and many things. If you look for a good camera, then see the s4 or a Samsung phone.; The camera of m7 is worse than s3. Simple enough. It just has a 4mp camera. And that too with processing issues such as overexposure. Plus it has a purple hue defect in most of the pieces in low light. That's a major issue and I saw it on many m7 pieces.; But m7 is a much better phone than s3 if you leave the camera. The build quality, the speakers, speed of the ui and many things. If you look for a good camera, then see the s4 or a Samsung phone.
i am using galaxy s3 but i am planing to buy this htc one(m7) i love it's build quality but i want to know about its camera is it better than s3 plz tell me guys; i am using galaxy s3 but i am planing to buy this htc one(m7) i love it's build quality but i want to know about its camera is it better than s3 plz tell me guys
Saurav Ghosh, 13 May 2014I think you have missed that part on my post about build quality. Nexus 5 is a super fragile p... moreWhat about the built qualities for the two handsets?; What about the built qualities for the two handsets?
Bad but not so bad. Bad battery. Heat problems. Beautiful design.; Bad but not so bad. Bad battery. Heat problems. Beautiful design.
Saurav Ghosh, 13 May 2014What phone are you using now?I'm currently using a HTC M8. I'm really happy with it. Only issue is, it's quite heavy for me, I don't like the heavy phones. Its size doesn't really bother me, but I still prefer the size & weight of my previous M7. I think M8 Mini has to release in the second quarter of this year. If it has a 1080p display I will buy it.; I'm currently using a HTC M8. I'm really happy with it. Only issue is, it's quite heavy for me, I don't like the heavy phones. Its size doesn't really bother me, but I still prefer the size & weight of my previous M7. I think M8 Mini has to release in the second quarter of this year. If it has a 1080p display I will buy it.
Saurav Ghosh, 13 May 2014You made a typo, I said you choose quantity over quality, and I stick with my comment. For ... moreI consider advanced user as the one who uses the phone much more and explores practically every feature. 
 
 Except the smart stay, smart pause and those air crap, I use each and every feature of phone. Pedometer, temp and humidity sensor, group play, s beam, multi window. I take full use of them. I just use each and every feature of a phone. I consider this as an advanced user. 
 
 And I didn't make a typo. I also prefer quality over quantity. Just I want a quality camera, screen, audio and features and you want quality Call, vibration and built. 
 
 BTW when and at what price are you getting m7?; I consider advanced user as the one who uses the phone much more and explores practically every feature.; Except the smart stay, smart pause and those air crap, I use each and every feature of phone. Pedometer, temp and humidity sensor, group play, s beam, multi window. I take full use of them. I just use each and every feature of a phone. I consider this as an advanced user.; And I didn't make a typo. I also prefer quality over quantity. Just I want a quality camera, screen, audio and features and you want quality Call, vibration and built.; BTW when and at what price are you getting m7?
Techno J, 13 May 2014If I need a fully functional phone, I would rather buy a LG phone. What phone are you using now?; What phone are you using now?
shubham yadav, 13 May 2014You have a very different and simple usage. However my conditions and needs are totally differ... moreYou made a typo, I said you choose quantity over quality, and I stick with my comment.
 
 For your usage pattern S4 is definitely the better phone. However I still don't know the definition of 'advanced' user though.
 
 Samsung or Apple, they were never about quality. The last quality phone Samsung ever released was the S2.; You made a typo, I said you choose quantity over quality, and I stick with my comment.; For your usage pattern S4 is definitely the better phone. However I still don't know the definition of 'advanced' user though.; Samsung or Apple, they were never about quality. The last quality phone Samsung ever released was the S2.
Techno J, 13 May 2014If I need a fully functional phone, I would rather buy a LG phone. LG's ui looks horrible, their phones don't get updates and they pack lcd screens and no microsd cards. So they aren't fully functional after all. 
 
 I consider every phone and till now only Samsung phones can satisfy me. That's just my opinion and needs though. 
 
 For each his own. M8 is perfect for you. Samsung for me atleast for now. Next time will tell.; LG's ui looks horrible, their phones don't get updates and they pack lcd screens and no microsd cards. So they aren't fully functional after all.; I consider every phone and till now only Samsung phones can satisfy me. That's just my opinion and needs though.; For each his own. M8 is perfect for you. Samsung for me atleast for now. Next time will tell.
shubham yadav, 13 May 2014You have a very different and simple usage. However my conditions and needs are totally differ... moreIf I need a fully functional phone, I would rather buy a LG phone.; If I need a fully functional phone, I would rather buy a LG phone.
temp, 11 May 2014hi mu phone cannot update over wifi, it shows download unsuccessful... You can definitely update your phone through wifi. Download successful means it has been finished the downloading process. Next step is, automatically installing the downloaded file and it will restart your phone.; You can definitely update your phone through wifi. Download successful means it has been finished the downloading process. Next step is, automatically installing the downloaded file and it will restart your phone.
Nadski29, 12 May 2014Is it possible to change the battery and upgrade to much higher mah or mucht stronger htc batt... moreThis phone hasn't the removable battery option as the Galaxy phones. Obviously you can't remove the battery.; This phone hasn't the removable battery option as the Galaxy phones. Obviously you can't remove the battery.
Saurav Ghosh, 13 May 2014Umm, not really sure what you mean about audio quality. Audio quality is great on M7, on par w... moreYou have a very different and simple usage. However my conditions and needs are totally different and I can justify that s4 is still better phone for me. 
 
 As you might know, I live in a hostel far from the huge tv of home. So I have just 2 options for watching movies. Laptop and phone. Both are at 1080p. But I prefer dark movies/tv shows on phone in darkness and sleeping in bed. OLED helps a great deal here. I need media on the go and hence loads of storage. So the 32 gb m7 can't work for me. And for the audio quality, the m7 and i9505 come with qualcomm DAC whereas i9500 comes with an advanced wolfson DAC which is better and I'm an audiophile so it's important for me. I've done some tweaks in developer settings and my s4 is now quite fast. Is not on par with m7 though. But I don't care. As I previously said, multi window, group play and s health are must haves for me. Plus the notification area on s4 is useful. 
 
 I don't care about battery life and speakers. My laptop will blow m7 out of water. The most important feature is camera for me as I am a college student and don't own a dslr or mirrorless cam. I take a lot of pics. To give an idea, my album since I purchased the phone is 17.8 GB. And the m7's camera is utter crap. 
 
 I don't call at all. My 50 INR talktime lasts a month. The calls are just where you are type 10 sec calls and I don't care as the s4 is sufficiently good at it. 
 
 That's how I justify my purchase. So stop telling that I prefer quality. I also prefer quality over quantity but I need the phone to be good at what I do. I am a very advanced user and hence expect a lot from my phone. 
 
 In the end, to each its own. M7 is good for you and s4 works good for me. 
 
 Have a good time with your new phone.; You have a very different and simple usage. However my conditions and needs are totally different and I can justify that s4 is still better phone for me.; As you might know, I live in a hostel far from the huge tv of home. So I have just 2 options for watching movies. Laptop and phone. Both are at 1080p. But I prefer dark movies/tv shows on phone in darkness and sleeping in bed. OLED helps a great deal here. I need media on the go and hence loads of storage. So the 32 gb m7 can't work for me. And for the audio quality, the m7 and i9505 come with qualcomm DAC whereas i9500 comes with an advanced wolfson DAC which is better and I'm an audiophile so it's important for me. I've done some tweaks in developer settings and my s4 is now quite fast. Is not on par with m7 though. But I don't care. As I previously said, multi window, group play and s health are must haves for me. Plus the notification area on s4 is useful.; I don't care about battery life and speakers. My laptop will blow m7 out of water. The most important feature is camera for me as I am a college student and don't own a dslr or mirrorless cam. I take a lot of pics. To give an idea, my album since I purchased the phone is 17.8 GB. And the m7's camera is utter crap.; I don't call at all. My 50 INR talktime lasts a month. The calls are just where you are type 10 sec calls and I don't care as the s4 is sufficiently good at it.; That's how I justify my purchase. So stop telling that I prefer quality. I also prefer quality over quantity but I need the phone to be good at what I do. I am a very advanced user and hence expect a lot from my phone.; In the end, to each its own. M7 is good for you and s4 works good for me.; Have a good time with your new phone.
Saurav Ghosh, 13 May 2014I think you have missed that part on my post about build quality. Nexus 5 is a super fragile p... moreNexus 5 is much much faster than m7 though. Yes, m7 was also not on kitkat but m7 hasn't had a performance boost as s4 had. It's almost constant and has the same speed after kitkat. But it(nexus 5) has the poorest and lowest quality speaker on a phone. 
 
 But the i9505 is valid though. The i9505 is around 25% slower than i9500 so the videos really don't go justice. 
 
 Then m7 it is. Go for it friend. It fits your needs perfectly. Just don't forget to do a review on your impressions on this phone and what are the upgrades/downgrades you felt.
 
 Have a nice day; Nexus 5 is much much faster than m7 though. Yes, m7 was also not on kitkat but m7 hasn't had a performance boost as s4 had. It's almost constant and has the same speed after kitkat. But it(nexus 5) has the poorest and lowest quality speaker on a phone.; But the i9505 is valid though. The i9505 is around 25% slower than i9500 so the videos really don't go justice.; Then m7 it is. Go for it friend. It fits your needs perfectly. Just don't forget to do a review on your impressions on this phone and what are the upgrades/downgrades you felt.; Have a nice day
shubham yadav, 13 May 2014Ohh. Yes that's true to some extent. But with the kitkat update and doing some tweaks in deve... moreUmm, not really sure what you mean about audio quality. Audio quality is great on M7, on par with S4, I mean with headphones obviously.
 
 And one more HUGE plus of the M7 is the call quality. The top speaker of it provides a brilliant in call experience, S4 or any Samsung phone, or Z2, can't even come anywhere near it!
 
 My main purpose of using this phone is definitely for business, but that doesn't mean I won't use it for multimedia purposes. Yes, I don't watch videos on my mobile screen, find them horrible small, nor I hear music via speakers, but I browse a lot.
 
 To me, I am not seeing this phone as a downgrade from S4 at all! I honestly don't know why I kept purchasing Samsung, maybe it was for the OLED display, God knows!
 
 I never used Smart Stay, Smart Pause, Smart Scroll, practically they never worked! I never used that multi window feature, however I like the idea. I rarely used the the camera! The only feature which I used was the Screen Mirroring, not by a huge extent though. And that later was killed with root after KitKat release. Samsung R&D should be fired right now, they release stuffs first, test it later.
 
 Not a single feature of TouchWiz was polished, nor I used them, don't really get the point. User experience is the only thing I care about, and that was horribly lacking from S4. What CPU it is running, Octa core or dual core was irrelevant, same goes for GPU.
 
 There are two types of need for two types of people, one believe and go with the idea of quantity over quality and the other choose quality over quantity. I definitely belong to the latter category, always did, always will.; Umm, not really sure what you mean about audio quality. Audio quality is great on M7, on par with S4, I mean with headphones obviously.; And one more HUGE plus of the M7 is the call quality. The top speaker of it provides a brilliant in call experience, S4 or any Samsung phone, or Z2, can't even come anywhere near it!; My main purpose of using this phone is definitely for business, but that doesn't mean I won't use it for multimedia purposes. Yes, I don't watch videos on my mobile screen, find them horrible small, nor I hear music via speakers, but I browse a lot.; To me, I am not seeing this phone as a downgrade from S4 at all! I honestly don't know why I kept purchasing Samsung, maybe it was for the OLED display, God knows!; I never used Smart Stay, Smart Pause, Smart Scroll, practically they never worked! I never used that multi window feature, however I like the idea. I rarely used the the camera! The only feature which I used was the Screen Mirroring, not by a huge extent though. And that later was killed with root after KitKat release. Samsung R&D should be fired right now, they release stuffs first, test it later.; Not a single feature of TouchWiz was polished, nor I used them, don't really get the point. User experience is the only thing I care about, and that was horribly lacking from S4. What CPU it is running, Octa core or dual core was irrelevant, same goes for GPU.; There are two types of need for two types of people, one believe and go with the idea of quantity over quality and the other choose quality over quantity. I definitely belong to the latter category, always did, always will.
shubham yadav, 13 May 2014Regarding videos, s4 has become quite smooth due to the firmware updates and the videos are qu... moreI think you have missed that part on my post about build quality. Nexus 5 is a super fragile phone. Very poorly built!
 
 And as I said, Snpadragon 800, 600, doesn't matter to me, not any more.
 
 Those videos are old. But back at that time the M7 was also not on KitKat!; I think you have missed that part on my post about build quality. Nexus 5 is a super fragile phone. Very poorly built!; And as I said, Snpadragon 800, 600, doesn't matter to me, not any more.; Those videos are old. But back at that time the M7 was also not on KitKat!
sam58, 13 May 2014Hi shubham yadav bro!! I need ur help. . I knw its a htc forum bt I wnt to ask u a question re... moreYou should've asked this on i9500 forum.
 
 But you've asked it here. So yes, they'll receive those features which will be compatible. Like ultra power saving mode requires amoled screen, so it will be there. But don't expect the new camera ui or hybrid AF as they are hardware dependent. The new touchwiz will obviously come as soon as we get the update and it will be great as it will clear 3 gb bloat as well as the new touchwiz is much much smoother and fast. 
 
 Don't expect all features but all which are compatible will come and the ui will obviously change. That's the only reason why I'm keeping my phone for 1 year more. 
 
 The sane thing happened when s4 released and some features were given to s3 along with the ui but not all. That's Samsung's policy. 
 
 Have a nice day; You should've asked this on i9500 forum.; But you've asked it here. So yes, they'll receive those features which will be compatible. Like ultra power saving mode requires amoled screen, so it will be there. But don't expect the new camera ui or hybrid AF as they are hardware dependent. The new touchwiz will obviously come as soon as we get the update and it will be great as it will clear 3 gb bloat as well as the new touchwiz is much much smoother and fast.; Don't expect all features but all which are compatible will come and the ui will obviously change. That's the only reason why I'm keeping my phone for 1 year more.; The sane thing happened when s4 released and some features were given to s3 along with the ui but not all. That's Samsung's policy.; Have a nice day
Saurav Ghosh, 12 May 2014Lol, no pal, didn't hit any stone. I am going for this after an super extensive search for ... moreYeh, you are correct. Just buy what you feel is right. Brand is doesn't matter, whether it is an Apple, Samsung, HTC, Sony or even OnePlus. I used this phone around 9 months. It's really a great phone.; Yeh, you are correct. Just buy what you feel is right. Brand is doesn't matter, whether it is an Apple, Samsung, HTC, Sony or even OnePlus. I used this phone around 9 months. It's really a great phone.
Hi shubham yadav bro!! I need ur help. . I knw its a htc forum bt I wnt to ask u a question regarding galaxy s4 & galaxy note 3. Well I own a s4 & my friend own a note 3, my question is WILL THE GALAXY S4 & NOTE 3 get a new UI OR TOUCHWIZ features like(extreme power mode) etc being introduced in this year flagship GALAXY S5??? Is is possible shubham bro!! Waiting for your positive response. THANKS!!!; Hi shubham yadav bro!! I need ur help. . I knw its a htc forum bt I wnt to ask u a question regarding galaxy s4 & galaxy note 3. Well I own a s4 & my friend own a note 3, my question is WILL THE GALAXY S4 & NOTE 3 get a new UI OR TOUCHWIZ features like(extreme power mode) etc being introduced in this year flagship GALAXY S5??? Is is possible shubham bro!! Waiting for your positive response. THANKS!!!
Saurav Ghosh, 12 May 2014Lol, no pal, didn't hit any stone. I am going for this after an super extensive search for ... moreRegarding videos, s4 has become quite smooth due to the firmware updates and the videos are quite old. Plus those videos have the i9505 which is quite slower than i9500. So they don't do justice. Plus I've used m7 myself and it's not much faster. It's faster no doubt, but not by much after kitkat.
 
 according to your needs, performance and vanilla android, did you look at nexus 5. It's much faster than m7 and the camera is also ok. Plus it'll heat up less than m7 as m7 heats up due to less efficient s600 SoC. The nexus 5 has snapdragon 800 and is a real speed beast. If any phone can match the speed and smoothness of m8 and s5, is nexus 5. You should consider it at least.; Regarding videos, s4 has become quite smooth due to the firmware updates and the videos are quite old. Plus those videos have the i9505 which is quite slower than i9500. So they don't do justice. Plus I've used m7 myself and it's not much faster. It's faster no doubt, but not by much after kitkat.; according to your needs, performance and vanilla android, did you look at nexus 5. It's much faster than m7 and the camera is also ok. Plus it'll heat up less than m7 as m7 heats up due to less efficient s600 SoC. The nexus 5 has snapdragon 800 and is a real speed beast. If any phone can match the speed and smoothness of m8 and s5, is nexus 5. You should consider it at least.
Saurav Ghosh, 12 May 2014Lol, no pal, didn't hit any stone. I am going for this after an super extensive search for ... moreOhh. Yes that's true to some extent. But with the kitkat update and doing some tweaks
 in developer options, my s4 has become quite smooth. Actually I exchanged my s4 with a friend's m7 for a week and the experience was kinda bad. The screen is small and not upto the mark and the camera has a purple hue in low light and is practically unusable in most scenarios. Battery life is also slight less and ui Has just too less options. I missed the notification bar too much. Audio quality was not on par with s4 as the adapt sound is much better than that beats audio. 
 
 The one had quite good advantages though. It doesn't lag in system apps and it's fast. The speakers are great for calls and casual use and the design, absolutely great. I fell in love with it. 
 
 I use all of the features like multi window, group play and s health and simply can't leave them. Additionally, the bloat in touchwiz is quite less in the new touchwiz(s5) and I'll get an update soon. The s5 is as smooth as an m8 just the animations are slower which can be fastened in dev options. 
 
 Ohh, and that great cpu opens apps faster, does video decoding much better and captures 120 fps 720p video and can play that at any speed. The octa core heats up but provides an awful amount of RAW power that opens and plays non system apps faster. Touchwiz can only make system apps slower but the downloaded apps will be faster on s4 due to cortex a15.
 
 You are completely right, 
 To each is own. HTC is not for me. I use my smartphone much for multimedia and you for your business. So we both have completely different needs and hence need different phones. I need a seriously powerful ui and touchwiz is the only one that offers such power like the floating video player, brightness slider in notifications and these small features make my life really easy. 
 
 Moto x is just fast and these features take a great hit on battery life. Plus a 720p screen and selling it at a high price are not very great decisions by Moto. 
 
 You have made a right decision. Have a good time. Don't mind sharing your experience once you get it. 
 
 Have a nice day; Ohh. Yes that's true to some extent. But with the kitkat update and doing some tweaks; in developer options, my s4 has become quite smooth. Actually I exchanged my s4 with a friend's m7 for a week and the experience was kinda bad. The screen is small and not upto the mark and the camera has a purple hue in low light and is practically unusable in most scenarios. Battery life is also slight less and ui Has just too less options. I missed the notification bar too much. Audio quality was not on par with s4 as the adapt sound is much better than that beats audio.; The one had quite good advantages though. It doesn't lag in system apps and it's fast. The speakers are great for calls and casual use and the design, absolutely great. I fell in love with it.; I use all of the features like multi window, group play and s health and simply can't leave them. Additionally, the bloat in touchwiz is quite less in the new touchwiz(s5) and I'll get an update soon. The s5 is as smooth as an m8 just the animations are slower which can be fastened in dev options.; Ohh, and that great cpu opens apps faster, does video decoding much better and captures 120 fps 720p video and can play that at any speed. The octa core heats up but provides an awful amount of RAW power that opens and plays non system apps faster. Touchwiz can only make system apps slower but the downloaded apps will be faster on s4 due to cortex a15.; You are completely right,; To each is own. HTC is not for me. I use my smartphone much for multimedia and you for your business. So we both have completely different needs and hence need different phones. I need a seriously powerful ui and touchwiz is the only one that offers such power like the floating video player, brightness slider in notifications and these small features make my life really easy.; Moto x is just fast and these features take a great hit on battery life. Plus a 720p screen and selling it at a high price are not very great decisions by Moto.; You have made a right decision. Have a good time. Don't mind sharing your experience once you get it.; Have a nice day
[deleted post]Lol, no pal, didn't hit any stone.
 
 I am going for this after an super extensive search for four days, and I was literally shocked to see how could a device like Moto X, which is just 370 USD could outperform a top line flagship like S4, M7, G2 etc. That was just the most surprising thing I have ever seen. So that was the turning point for me. I kept defending Samsung and their TouchWiz for too long, but they do know how to frak up a device with their insanely heavy and bloated TouchWiz. I hated Android because of lags, but I simply had no idea that it lags because of TouchWiz. Sense isn't perfect either, it definitely is worse than Vanilla Android pure experience, but in comparison with TW, well YouTube has plenty videos comparing S4 and M7, kindly see those.
 
 I was going for Moto X to be honest. That is one beautiful piece of idea. Active notification, WOW. A compact and beautiful design, so easy to hold and all, but it let me down with it's really bad camera, 720p display and no root for KitKat yet. So I went for M7. Cause M8 is way too big for me. I need a phone which I will be able to use with one hand comfortably. Also I wanted a sturdy built phone, which M7 is, I don't think there is any other phone other than M8 which could come even close to these. Build quality is a huge thing for me, I don't baby my phones. I needed a strong vibrating device. It seems by reviews M7 is just that. I don't care what specs it have, what's the point of having an octa, or double octa core CPU if it can't perform fluidly? At least it doesn't make any sense to me, nor it will in future. To me the only 'downgrade' happened in the camera section from S4 to M7, that won't have any impact on me as I take around ten photos in a month, sometimes not even that.
 
 To each his own. To me, I am done with features. Performance is the main thing, always was for me, I just didn't know what I was missing! Thanks to the S4 for giving me horrible experience so that I did some research further. Jeez Samsung, focus on Tizen will ya? Android isn't your cup of tea, at all.
 
 I will use the M7 for around six to seven months, then I will check the newer version of Moto X whatever it will be called, whatever it is, it will be a pure Android phone for me.
 
 Other than the size of M8, the ongoing topics about the build quality concern and cheap lens drove me off from it, also on reddit people said M8 has lower vibration intensity than M7! Also I valued the money, paying 80% extra than what I got for S4 to upgrade to M8 was just ridiculous for me.
 
 The above are all my view. I did take a hit on my head, but not with any stone, with some practicality ;) Thanks to all the great reviewers of YouTube.
 
 Anyone can buy anything. If you like S5 go buy it, if someone else like M8 go buy it, heck buy even iPhone if you want, I certainly don't care any more.; Lol, no pal, didn't hit any stone.; I am going for this after an super extensive search for four days, and I was literally shocked to see how could a device like Moto X, which is just 370 USD could outperform a top line flagship like S4, M7, G2 etc. That was just the most surprising thing I have ever seen. So that was the turning point for me. I kept defending Samsung and their TouchWiz for too long, but they do know how to frak up a device with their insanely heavy and bloated TouchWiz. I hated Android because of lags, but I simply had no idea that it lags because of TouchWiz. Sense isn't perfect either, it definitely is worse than Vanilla Android pure experience, but in comparison with TW, well YouTube has plenty videos comparing S4 and M7, kindly see those.; I was going for Moto X to be honest. That is one beautiful piece of idea. Active notification, WOW. A compact and beautiful design, so easy to hold and all, but it let me down with it's really bad camera, 720p display and no root for KitKat yet. So I went for M7. Cause M8 is way too big for me. I need a phone which I will be able to use with one hand comfortably. Also I wanted a sturdy built phone, which M7 is, I don't think there is any other phone other than M8 which could come even close to these. Build quality is a huge thing for me, I don't baby my phones. I needed a strong vibrating device. It seems by reviews M7 is just that. I don't care what specs it have, what's the point of having an octa, or double octa core CPU if it can't perform fluidly? At least it doesn't make any sense to me, nor it will in future. To me the only 'downgrade' happened in the camera section from S4 to M7, that won't have any impact on me as I take around ten photos in a month, sometimes not even that.; To each his own. To me, I am done with features. Performance is the main thing, always was for me, I just didn't know what I was missing! Thanks to the S4 for giving me horrible experience so that I did some research further. Jeez Samsung, focus on Tizen will ya? Android isn't your cup of tea, at all.; I will use the M7 for around six to seven months, then I will check the newer version of Moto X whatever it will be called, whatever it is, it will be a pure Android phone for me.; Other than the size of M8, the ongoing topics about the build quality concern and cheap lens drove me off from it, also on reddit people said M8 has lower vibration intensity than M7! Also I valued the money, paying 80% extra than what I got for S4 to upgrade to M8 was just ridiculous for me.; The above are all my view. I did take a hit on my head, but not with any stone, with some practicality ;) Thanks to all the great reviewers of YouTube.; Anyone can buy anything. If you like S5 go buy it, if someone else like M8 go buy it, heck buy even iPhone if you want, I certainly don't care any more.
[deleted post]Dont like the M8 design, the One have a way better design, for my opinion.; Dont like the M8 design, the One have a way better design, for my opinion.
Saurav Ghosh, 11 May 2014It will NOT have better battery life than S4. But aside battery life and camera, there is not ... moreHi Saurav Ghosh,
 
 Did you change your mind? Are you going to buy this instead of M8?; Hi Saurav Ghosh,; Did you change your mind? Are you going to buy this instead of M8?
Is it possible to change the battery and upgrade to much higher mah or mucht stronger htc battery for one.. Eventhough i pay i feel not contented in this battery in internet used.. I felt bastard and stupid with a battery performance in internet use...i ask if a company have a possible to change or upgrade the battery to much strong one or higher mah?thanks; Is it possible to change the battery and upgrade to much higher mah or mucht stronger htc battery for one.. Eventhough i pay i feel not contented in this battery in internet used.. I felt bastard and stupid with a battery performance in internet use...i ask if a company have a possible to change or upgrade the battery to much strong one or higher mah?thanks
hi mu phone cannot update over wifi, it shows download unsuccessful...; hi mu phone cannot update over wifi, it shows download unsuccessful...
just iphone 5s and lg g pro2; just iphone 5s and lg g pro2
z1 is better than htc one .ui is not as good as z1 and poor resolution camera in htc 1; z1 is better than htc one .ui is not as good as z1 and poor resolution camera in htc 1
Hey guys help me plz 
 Whether i can buy z1compact or htc 1? 
 My preferences are awesume camera,gud battery backup great ui.............. 
 Help me plz; Hey guys help me plz; Whether i can buy z1compact or htc 1?; My preferences are awesume camera,gud battery backup great ui..............; Help me plz
amirfaiz95, 05 May 2014how about the battery life on this phone compared to galaxy s4?im decided to have this phone b... moreIt will NOT have better battery life than S4. But aside battery life and camera, there is not a single thing S4 could even come close to this.
 
 I am, or was an S4 owner for eight months. And I will get this tomorrow.; It will NOT have better battery life than S4. But aside battery life and camera, there is not a single thing S4 could even come close to this.; I am, or was an S4 owner for eight months. And I will get this tomorrow.
Does HTC one has the background blur feature in its camera app like the M8; Does HTC one has the background blur feature in its camera app like the M8
Yaa, 08 May 2014I am using HTC one and it freezes. I asked people using the same type of phone, problems that ... moreHi! I have HTC One and I don't have any problems. One day battery life, running smoothly, amazing camera Ultra Pixel, I'm pleased!; Hi! I have HTC One and I don't have any problems. One day battery life, running smoothly, amazing camera Ultra Pixel, I'm pleased!
good phone i like it 
 but low light camera is not good 
 please fix the low light camera bugs; good phone i like it; but low light camera is not good; please fix the low light camera bugs
i buy htc one blck 1 month before.phone is totlly gud. but the batey life is very poor.normal using time also battery life is very bad.; i buy htc one blck 1 month before.phone is totlly gud. but the batey life is very poor.normal using time also battery life is very bad.
what does the simlock option do in the htc one m8 recovery mode?; what does the simlock option do in the htc one m8 recovery mode?
I am using HTC one and it freezes. I asked people using the same type of phone, problems that they face and I was surprise to hear the same from them. It is a very user friendly phone and nice looking so please try and improve upon it. That is the only problem so far.; I am using HTC one and it freezes. I asked people using the same type of phone, problems that they face and I was surprise to hear the same from them. It is a very user friendly phone and nice looking so please try and improve upon it. That is the only problem so far.
I brought HTC one 801e but I got problem after some tym then I went to service centre he repair the set nd Bill was 15000/_ I paid it then after some days it got same prob back the technician repair it again at free cost but it is doing problem again what is this ,now I am thinking I have done mistakes to buy this set so plz don't buy this set it is wrost thing u r buying at about am45000/- rs; I brought HTC one 801e but I got problem after some tym then I went to service centre he repair the set nd Bill was 15000/_ I paid it then after some days it got same prob back the technician repair it again at free cost but it is doing problem again what is this ,now I am thinking I have done mistakes to buy this set so plz don't buy this set it is wrost thing u r buying at about am45000/- rs
I brought HTC one 801e but I got problem after some tym then I went to service centre he repair the set nd Bill was 15000/_ I paid it then after some days it got same prob back the technician repair it again at free cost but it is doing problem again what is this ,now I am thinking I have done mistakes to buy this set so plz don't buy this set it is wrost thing u r buying at about am45000/- rs; I brought HTC one 801e but I got problem after some tym then I went to service centre he repair the set nd Bill was 15000/_ I paid it then after some days it got same prob back the technician repair it again at free cost but it is doing problem again what is this ,now I am thinking I have done mistakes to buy this set so plz don't buy this set it is wrost thing u r buying at about am45000/- rs
htc fan, 06 May 2014upgrade to 3000 mAh battery.. i hate only the battery life..please tell how to upgrade the battery?please; please tell how to upgrade the battery?please
modo3, 19 Apr 2014please advice htc one or z1 z1.. no question; z1.. no question
upgrade to 3000 mAh battery.. i hate only the battery life..; upgrade to 3000 mAh battery.. i hate only the battery life..
best phone i have ever 
 beauty 
 and body made of al
 and sense 
 and speakers 
 and fast fast fast no bug ever; best phone i have ever; beauty; and body made of al; and sense; and speakers; and fast fast fast no bug ever
I know that HTC one m7 will get sense 6 but is it worth the upgrade to m8 just for the faster processor and other features because the m8 is expensive and I need help to see whether if I get the m7, will it still be worth? Thanks in advance.; I know that HTC one m7 will get sense 6 but is it worth the upgrade to m8 just for the faster processor and other features because the m8 is expensive and I need help to see whether if I get the m7, will it still be worth? Thanks in advance.
Fox I'm interested in getting Htc One after I had a really bad experience wz Samsung Note 3, would u recommend for me this device or should I get iphone ?
 Noting that I live in a pretty warm country so I m gonna be extra bothered if it has over heating probs ! thanks in advance...; Fox I'm interested in getting Htc One after I had a really bad experience wz Samsung Note 3, would u recommend for me this device or should I get iphone ?; Noting that I live in a pretty warm country so I m gonna be extra bothered if it has over heating probs ! thanks in advance...
joelesnar, 04 May 2014can we uprage android to 4.2.2 kitkat? pls answerits 4.4.2 Kitkat !; its 4.4.2 Kitkat !
what if my touch starts to give prooblem; what if my touch starts to give prooblem
how about the battery life on this phone compared to galaxy s4?im decided to have this phone but im afraid about the battery life..is this phone much longer on battery life compared to galaxy s4?anyone please help me..tq; how about the battery life on this phone compared to galaxy s4?im decided to have this phone but im afraid about the battery life..is this phone much longer on battery life compared to galaxy s4?anyone please help me..tq
What is the camera capacity; What is the camera capacity
Anonymous, 05 May 2014I face the similar problem.. :( if ur phone is in warranty...go to service centre and get the camera unit replaced.i also had the same prob..and i got it replaced and now its working fine.. :); if ur phone is in warranty...go to service centre and get the camera unit replaced.i also had the same prob..and i got it replaced and now its working fine.. :)
When will HTC sense 6.0 update release?; When will HTC sense 6.0 update release?
After a year of using HTC One and two software upgrades, it still works perfectly fine. Mine is an open line O2 UK version.; After a year of using HTC One and two software upgrades, it still works perfectly fine. Mine is an open line O2 UK version.
Jeff.., 03 May 2014Hi.. Anyone experiencing the purple tint on htc one camera after updated with 4.4 Kit Kat? Th... moreI face the similar problem..
 :(; I face the similar problem..; :(
Jeff.., 03 May 2014Hi.. Anyone experiencing the purple tint on htc one camera after updated with 4.4 Kit Kat? Th... moreIt was same in my phone , I send it to HTC repairing centre ( under warranty ). They replace the camera modul and now is OK.; It was same in my phone , I send it to HTC repairing centre ( under warranty ). They replace the camera modul and now is OK.
My daughter and I bought the HTC ONE the day it was released last year. I started having issues right away with mine. They didn't clear up do I exchanged it for the S4 which I love.
 My daughter opted to keep her HTC ONE and now it is completely dead. It acts as though it is charging and gets hot but it will not come back on.
 I feel it is the battery. However, anyone who has had experience with this phone knows you cannot open it to replace the battery. It is sealed and needs to be sent to the manufacturer for whatever repairs are needed. Including a battery replacement.
 Dumb!!!!!
 This phone started getting bad about as soon as she had it for a year and was part the time to send it in and out course beyond exchange time of 30 days. After a year I took the insurance... (BIG MISTAKE on my part for this phone!!)...off because we paid off the $600.00 phone (not worth the price imo)
 It definitely had the best features that is one reason we waited until the day it was released to purchase it!
 I/we will NEVER buy another HTC product! 
 I would not recommend this phone to anyone.
 R. ALLEN; My daughter and I bought the HTC ONE the day it was released last year. I started having issues right away with mine. They didn't clear up do I exchanged it for the S4 which I love.; My daughter opted to keep her HTC ONE and now it is completely dead. It acts as though it is charging and gets hot but it will not come back on.; I feel it is the battery. However, anyone who has had experience with this phone knows you cannot open it to replace the battery. It is sealed and needs to be sent to the manufacturer for whatever repairs are needed. Including a battery replacement.; Dumb!!!!!; This phone started getting bad about as soon as she had it for a year and was part the time to send it in and out course beyond exchange time of 30 days. After a year I took the insurance... (BIG MISTAKE on my part for this phone!!)...off because we paid off the $600.00 phone (not worth the price imo); It definitely had the best features that is one reason we waited until the day it was released to purchase it!; I/we will NEVER buy another HTC product!; I would not recommend this phone to anyone.; R. ALLEN
Its a great smart phone havindg all the featurres which one smart phone should have . I particularly admire its majaor plus like
 Beatufiful Metal body,Boom speakers Sound,screen display and lag free performnce 
 I am just waitimg for to replace with new HTC M8; Its a great smart phone havindg all the featurres which one smart phone should have . I particularly admire its majaor plus like; Beatufiful Metal body,Boom speakers Sound,screen display and lag free performnce; I am just waitimg for to replace with new HTC M8
joelesnar, 04 May 2014can we uprage android to 4.2.2 kitkat? pls answer4.2.2 Kitkat upgrade has come to this phone months ago. No worries.; 4.2.2 Kitkat upgrade has come to this phone months ago. No worries.
guys! its camera is not an ordinary 4mp... its 4 ultra pixels.... 4 ultra pixels is aprox 13mp... so dont get confuse about its camera!..you can confirm my above information on www.htc.com; guys! its camera is not an ordinary 4mp... its 4 ultra pixels.... 4 ultra pixels is aprox 13mp... so dont get confuse about its camera!..you can confirm my above information on www.htc.com
can we uprage android to 4.2.2 kitkat? pls answer; can we uprage android to 4.2.2 kitkat? pls answer
Hi.. Anyone experiencing the purple tint on htc one camera after updated with 4.4 Kit Kat?
 This purple tint show on photo taking indoor or low light environment; Hi.. Anyone experiencing the purple tint on htc one camera after updated with 4.4 Kit Kat?; This purple tint show on photo taking indoor or low light environment
It never lags for taking contacts or application. Only pblm i found is with camera..very difficult to take picture in low light. Picture should come with pink backgrounnd.; It never lags for taking contacts or application. Only pblm i found is with camera..very difficult to take picture in low light. Picture should come with pink backgrounnd.
It has 4 mp camera that's not good... pl do t compare with VGA camera output...this set is not of that category for me this set has only one flaw and that is its camera; It has 4 mp camera that's not good... pl do t compare with VGA camera output...this set is not of that category for me this set has only one flaw and that is its camera
Camera is indeed AWESOME!
 That's my opinion and it should be respected.; Camera is indeed AWESOME!; That's my opinion and it should be respected.
Anonymous, 01 May 2014Its Amazing PHone ,and Camera Is Also Awesum :) The camera is awesome if you are used with a VGA resolution camera from 2002 or something.
 Don't misinform people, have the guts to speak the truth at least.; The camera is awesome if you are used with a VGA resolution camera from 2002 or something.; Don't misinform people, have the guts to speak the truth at least.
basi, 01 May 2014i would like to buy a htc one tomarrow my demand in a phone is long battery back up and downlo... moreLong is a relative term, so I don't know that's the definition of long in your dictionary, thus can't comment. But knowing it has a 2300 mAh battery I don't expect wonders.
 
 About YouTube videos, any droid where you will be able to install Tube Mate or several other YouTube video downloadable apps will be able to download YouTube videos. You seem to be new in Android world.; Long is a relative term, so I don't know that's the definition of long in your dictionary, thus can't comment. But knowing it has a 2300 mAh battery I don't expect wonders.; About YouTube videos, any droid where you will be able to install Tube Mate or several other YouTube video downloadable apps will be able to download YouTube videos. You seem to be new in Android world.
i would like to buy a htc one tomarrow my demand in a phone is long battery back up and download youtube vedios it is possible in this phone?? pls help me reply fast; i would like to buy a htc one tomarrow my demand in a phone is long battery back up and download youtube vedios it is possible in this phone?? pls help me reply fast
Anonymous, 01 May 2014planing to buy this what about its camera qualityIts Amazing PHone ,and Camera Is Also Awesum :); Its Amazing PHone ,and Camera Is Also Awesum :)
tsecreto, 29 Apr 2014Had my ONE for about 7 months and it is still the best of the best. My phone, as long as I use... morePeople bashing this device have not used.One is still the best around.; People bashing this device have not used.One is still the best around.
boon, 01 May 2014Best Audio in the market. Best screen display in the market Most beautiful Android phone in ... moreDamn right you are but camera is a big let down.; Damn right you are but camera is a big let down.
Anonymous, 01 May 2014planing to buy this what about its camera qualitySame here. I sold my S4 yesterday after using it for eight months. I was seeing the picture comparison between the M7 and S4 for a long time yesterday, and for day photos the difference is almost night and day. The S4 captures way more details than the M7, so if you are a person who crops images then there's no doubt that M7 will not do the job at all. If your photos end up at Facebook or some community site then M7 photos will pass.
 
 However the night shots were really good, less noise than S4, but again the captured details are lost. What I found great though were the close up / macro shots, they were brilliant, and you will be able to focus really close to the subject, with my S4 I could never do that.
 At the end of the day it depends how much cell phone camera matters to you, if it has a good amount of usage and is the only camera then you might wanna think twice before getting this. I for myself don't care about camera, but even after that I am thinking twice about getting this phone, undoubtedly it's a great device, but the camera surely is a let down. Don't know what went through hTC's head to go for the Ultra Pixel thing but sometimes you need to go with the flow, all mobile camera sensors are tiny, they can NEVER match the quality of a large sized P&S sensor, let alone the m4/3 and SLRs, so the only way mobile cameras can make up for the image quality are by putting a high resolution sensor, which S4 has done, Z1,Z2 has done, all the Lumia line-up has done, but hTC, well they were arrogant, and that will cost them some good amount of market share. If the M7 had a 8 megapixel decent snapper I'd happily get it and proudly say the eff word to my S4.
 
 At the end of the day, you can't have everything.; Same here. I sold my S4 yesterday after using it for eight months. I was seeing the picture comparison between the M7 and S4 for a long time yesterday, and for day photos the difference is almost night and day. The S4 captures way more details than the M7, so if you are a person who crops images then there's no doubt that M7 will not do the job at all. If your photos end up at Facebook or some community site then M7 photos will pass.; However the night shots were really good, less noise than S4, but again the captured details are lost. What I found great though were the close up / macro shots, they were brilliant, and you will be able to focus really close to the subject, with my S4 I could never do that.; At the end of the day it depends how much cell phone camera matters to you, if it has a good amount of usage and is the only camera then you might wanna think twice before getting this. I for myself don't care about camera, but even after that I am thinking twice about getting this phone, undoubtedly it's a great device, but the camera surely is a let down. Don't know what went through hTC's head to go for the Ultra Pixel thing but sometimes you need to go with the flow, all mobile camera sensors are tiny, they can NEVER match the quality of a large sized P&S sensor, let alone the m4/3 and SLRs, so the only way mobile cameras can make up for the image quality are by putting a high resolution sensor, which S4 has done, Z1,Z2 has done, all the Lumia line-up has done, but hTC, well they were arrogant, and that will cost them some good amount of market share. If the M7 had a 8 megapixel decent snapper I'd happily get it and proudly say the eff word to my S4.; At the end of the day, you can't have everything.
planing to buy this what about its camera quality; planing to buy this what about its camera quality
nalex, 29 Apr 2014Its great phone.I really like it.But i have an question.Which is the best phone of this:sony x... morei would say the lg g2; i would say the lg g2
Best Audio in the market.
 Best screen display in the market
 Most beautiful Android phone in the market.
 -Only Android phone with pure metallic design.
 This phone has the right size 4.7" display.
 Big enough to play games and watch video.
 Smaill enough to text with one hand.
 Qiuetly brillant !!!; Best Audio in the market.; Best screen display in the market; Most beautiful Android phone in the market.; -Only Android phone with pure metallic design.; This phone has the right size 4.7" display.; Big enough to play games and watch video.; Smaill enough to text with one hand.; Qiuetly brillant !!!
I own one more than a year now and I can say for me it's perfect. Super fast and updates are coming really fast so far. Beats Audio just rocks.; I own one more than a year now and I can say for me it's perfect. Super fast and updates are coming really fast so far. Beats Audio just rocks.
nalex, 29 Apr 2014Its great phone.I really like it.But i have an question.Which is the best phone of this:sony x... moreThe M7. Z1's display is awful. I'm an S4 owner and will only recommend if you wanna waste your money. G2 is value for money.; The M7. Z1's display is awful. I'm an S4 owner and will only recommend if you wanna waste your money. G2 is value for money.
Its great phone.I really like it.But i have an question.Which is the best phone of this:sony xperia z1,lg g2,galaxy s4,this phone or nexus5?I need phone with great design,phone with caracter,fast phone,multimedia phone and phone with amaizing performances and good ui.....Can you help me please?; Its great phone.I really like it.But i have an question.Which is the best phone of this:sony xperia z1,lg g2,galaxy s4,this phone or nexus5?I need phone with great design,phone with caracter,fast phone,multimedia phone and phone with amaizing performances and good ui.....Can you help me please?
Its a Great looking phone, but that's all it is.
 It has worst Hardware Quality i have ever experienced in a premium electronic device.
 
 Unlike other mobile manufacturers HTC has the most reddiculas Customer Service Policy.
 
 My Experience:
 
 1. Hardware issues occoured in the first month of purchase.
 2. The device had too many issues and has gone through a very heavy hardware repaire and replacement since purchase.
 3. Misleading information by HTC sales in the first week of purchase about a hardware issue being a software, to avoide refund/replacement.
 4. Multiple Service center repair caused more damage instead of fixing the issues.
 5. Customer service people never have any case history to refer to. Which leads to a new start every time you call.
 6. Customer service reps are hopeless and yet they are the only one a customer can contact, supervisors are never available, and when they are you hardly can make out the difference.
 7. Fake promises made by customer service about escalating the matter to concerned team and arranging a call back or arrangin a standby device. Out of 50 calls I've made , only once I received the callback.
 8. when asked for supervisor at customer service people say that we are the escalation managers and there is none of us.
 9. no or nonsense reply to e-mails, massages, complaints whatsoever.
 
 10. After approval of replacement, they sent low quality- duplicate looking phone, when refused to accept the sent another. 6 time in a row i was given that duplicate material and finally i had to loudge a complaint with consumer court. 
 
 Inshort: Their product and service SUCKS. Its another Chinese phone company.
 
 Better go for some relible vendors like NOKIA, IPHONE, 
 SONY ECT... i would even recommend micromax anyday over HTC. :); Its a Great looking phone, but that's all it is.; It has worst Hardware Quality i have ever experienced in a premium electronic device.; Unlike other mobile manufacturers HTC has the most reddiculas Customer Service Policy.; My Experience:; 1. Hardware issues occoured in the first month of purchase.; 2. The device had too many issues and has gone through a very heavy hardware repaire and replacement since purchase.; 3. Misleading information by HTC sales in the first week of purchase about a hardware issue being a software, to avoide refund/replacement.; 4. Multiple Service center repair caused more damage instead of fixing the issues.; 5. Customer service people never have any case history to refer to. Which leads to a new start every time you call.; 6. Customer service reps are hopeless and yet they are the only one a customer can contact, supervisors are never available, and when they are you hardly can make out the difference.; 7. Fake promises made by customer service about escalating the matter to concerned team and arranging a call back or arrangin a standby device. Out of 50 calls I've made , only once I received the callback.; 8. when asked for supervisor at customer service people say that we are the escalation managers and there is none of us.; 9. no or nonsense reply to e-mails, massages, complaints whatsoever.; 10. After approval of replacement, they sent low quality- duplicate looking phone, when refused to accept the sent another. 6 time in a row i was given that duplicate material and finally i had to loudge a complaint with consumer court.; Inshort: Their product and service SUCKS. Its another Chinese phone company.; Better go for some relible vendors like NOKIA, IPHONE,; SONY ECT... i would even recommend micromax anyday over HTC. :)
Had my ONE for about 7 months and it is still the best of the best. My phone, as long as I use the HTC charger, charges to full in no time. The phone is so fast that it has never had even a stutter and scrolls very smooth.; Had my ONE for about 7 months and it is still the best of the best. My phone, as long as I use the HTC charger, charges to full in no time. The phone is so fast that it has never had even a stutter and scrolls very smooth.
Htc one m7 is a nice model..for me theres no problem with it..the charging si faster if you use 2A charger..; Htc one m7 is a nice model..for me theres no problem with it..the charging si faster if you use 2A charger..
Avinash K, 22 Apr 2014I bought this mobile two months ago and experience is very awesome.Here is my pros and cons li... morelet me know where do u live so I can indicate the heating problem comparing to where I live, coz I got Note 3 N9005 and it was a piece of crap that heat up all the time so I sold it and wanna check on Htc ! thx.; let me know where do u live so I can indicate the heating problem comparing to where I live, coz I got Note 3 N9005 and it was a piece of crap that heat up all the time so I sold it and wanna check on Htc ! thx.
it takes long time to charge the phone; it takes long time to charge the phone
Andy, 28 Apr 2014Hi, just wanna check whether any htc one user update the phone to the latest version ? Can the... moreyes, exactly; yes, exactly
Hi, just wanna check whether any htc one user update the phone to the latest version ? Can the system support kit kat; Hi, just wanna check whether any htc one user update the phone to the latest version ? Can the system support kit kat
Shelley Tyler, 25 Apr 2014I'd only had my phone a few weeks when my son had his wedding. Assured there would be a photog... moreI understand ur issue but probably u can take the screenshot of ur homescreen with that wallpaper which u want. Taking screenshot wil save ur picture wherever u want (in gallery or in folder of ur choice.) I am sure it Will help.; I understand ur issue but probably u can take the screenshot of ur homescreen with that wallpaper which u want. Taking screenshot wil save ur picture wherever u want (in gallery or in folder of ur choice.) I am sure it Will help.
PcFish, 25 Apr 2014If you're stock (nothing custom/modified), The order of the Bootloader menu: FASTBOOT RECOV... moreThanks alot. It helped me indeed.
 But my phone seems rooted for Google play installation. So its boot loader shows 9 options in Chinese,all in same color.
 What they can be. ? Guide in similar way; Thanks alot. It helped me indeed.; But my phone seems rooted for Google play installation. So its boot loader shows 9 options in Chinese,all in same color.; What they can be. ? Guide in similar way
Vikram , 25 Apr 2014what is d moral of the story?...what u want?He seeks a solution for his problem, and now if you want to know what that is, please ask one of your friends to read his post and explain it to you.; He seeks a solution for his problem, and now if you want to know what that is, please ask one of your friends to read his post and explain it to you.
Shelley Tyler, 25 Apr 2014I'd only had my phone a few weeks when my son had his wedding. Assured there would be a photog... morewhat is d moral of the story?...what u want?; what is d moral of the story?...what u want?
usnawaz, 23 Apr 2014How to factory reset phone ? Through settings option it shows recovery mode in Chinese langua... moreIf you're stock (nothing custom/modified),
 The order of the Bootloader menu:
 FASTBOOT
 RECOVERY (This should be Colored Green)
 FACTORY RESET (Red)
 CLEAR STORAGE
 SIMLOCK
 IMAGE CRC
 SHOW BARCODE
 
 As far as updates go, you need to verify if you are stock and not on a custom rom. Go to Settings/About/Software Updates.
 
 If not on stock, you'll have to install manually.; If you're stock (nothing custom/modified),; The order of the Bootloader menu:; FASTBOOT; RECOVERY (This should be Colored Green); FACTORY RESET (Red); CLEAR STORAGE; SIMLOCK; IMAGE CRC; SHOW BARCODE; As far as updates go, you need to verify if you are stock and not on a custom rom. Go to Settings/About/Software Updates.; If not on stock, you'll have to install manually.
I'd only had my phone a few weeks when my son had his wedding. Assured there would be a photographer, I didn't bring a camera, the photographer didn't show. We were all using our phones and sending the pictures to each other and the bride. In all of the craziness I received this one picture of my son on my lap, and while I thought we were hugging he was kissing me on my cheek!!! I hadn't had a kiss like that since he was 5! Here is my problem:
 1) In using my new phone, I chose an option, which was one of the only 2 it gave me.
 2) The phone gave me an option of saving it as wallpaper or emailing it. (At the time I should have emailed it to myself, but I was getting hit with tons of pictures at that moment so I said 'wallpaper' & now I can't get it from there onto my gallery, to email, nothing. The others I sent to my email.
 3) Everytime I see the picture and think I might lose it I almost cry. Please help me.
 4) I called the HTC number AT&T gave me and stayed on hold for 67 minutes and 04 seconds. The AT&T guy said he didn't even know what to do so he gave me the number and wished me luck.
 I was learning many things about my phone at the time and did not backup anything for fear of erasing it after I did so. I only knew one other person with a phone like mine and she was no help.
 Recently, I was sent a pic via Facebook and when I clicked on it I was given the option of wallpaper or email. The wedding was in July 2013, and I cannot find who sent it to me.
 Help me PLEASE!!!!; I'd only had my phone a few weeks when my son had his wedding. Assured there would be a photographer, I didn't bring a camera, the photographer didn't show. We were all using our phones and sending the pictures to each other and the bride. In all of the craziness I received this one picture of my son on my lap, and while I thought we were hugging he was kissing me on my cheek!!! I hadn't had a kiss like that since he was 5! Here is my problem:; 1) In using my new phone, I chose an option, which was one of the only 2 it gave me.; 2) The phone gave me an option of saving it as wallpaper or emailing it. (At the time I should have emailed it to myself, but I was getting hit with tons of pictures at that moment so I said 'wallpaper' & now I can't get it from there onto my gallery, to email, nothing. The others I sent to my email.; 3) Everytime I see the picture and think I might lose it I almost cry. Please help me.; 4) I called the HTC number AT&T gave me and stayed on hold for 67 minutes and 04 seconds. The AT&T guy said he didn't even know what to do so he gave me the number and wished me luck.; I was learning many things about my phone at the time and did not backup anything for fear of erasing it after I did so. I only knew one other person with a phone like mine and she was no help.; Recently, I was sent a pic via Facebook and when I clicked on it I was given the option of wallpaper or email. The wedding was in July 2013, and I cannot find who sent it to me.; Help me PLEASE!!!!
can we also order those fones?we live in africa(gabon); can we also order those fones?we live in africa(gabon)
How to factory reset phone ?
 Through settings option it shows recovery mode in Chinese language with 9 different options .And with first option it just reeboot without reset..??? 
 How to update android and sense 5..I m not getting update option in about device tab.. Plz help
 Anyone plz reply; How to factory reset phone ?; Through settings option it shows recovery mode in Chinese language with 9 different options .And with first option it just reeboot without reset..???; How to update android and sense 5..I m not getting update option in about device tab.. Plz help; Anyone plz reply
israar, 22 Apr 2014How can I improve my camera everything is pink l no im not able to take clear picturesIf your phone is still in warranty, take it to the nearest HTC service centre (details on HTC India website). The camera will be replaced free for cost, unless upon opening the phone they find traces of water or some other damage (this will be explained to you at the time of handling over the phone to the service centre staff). This is a known manufacturing defect as far as I know based on my reading of a lot of blogs, etc.; If your phone is still in warranty, take it to the nearest HTC service centre (details on HTC India website). The camera will be replaced free for cost, unless upon opening the phone they find traces of water or some other damage (this will be explained to you at the time of handling over the phone to the service centre staff). This is a known manufacturing defect as far as I know based on my reading of a lot of blogs, etc.
what do i do when my phone hangs,ie showsthe no service display on screen yet everything else is ok &is still operational on wi-fi?; what do i do when my phone hangs,ie showsthe no service display on screen yet everything else is ok &is still operational on wi-fi?
How can I improve my camera everything is pink l no im not able to take clear pictures; How can I improve my camera everything is pink l no im not able to take clear pictures
I bought this mobile two months ago and experience is very awesome.Here is my pros and cons list.
 Pros.
 * Good battery back up.Lasts for 1 day and can be stretched up to 2 days in battery saving mode.
 
 * Awesome display.This is the best mobile display I have ever seen and viewing almost is really good.
 
 * No software lags and runs very smoothly.
 
 * Camera at night mode is awesome.
 
 * One of the best catchy design.
 
 * Fights in pocket.
 
 Cons
 
 * Not so awesome day light camera Pics.
 
 * Phone heats up due to use use of metallic body it can be felt.; I bought this mobile two months ago and experience is very awesome.Here is my pros and cons list.; Pros.; * Good battery back up.Lasts for 1 day and can be stretched up to 2 days in battery saving mode.; * Awesome display.This is the best mobile display I have ever seen and viewing almost is really good.; * No software lags and runs very smoothly.; * Camera at night mode is awesome.; * One of the best catchy design.; * Fights in pocket.; Cons; * Not so awesome day light camera Pics.; * Phone heats up due to use use of metallic body it can be felt.
Sheikh, 10 Apr 2014I got HTC One a couple of months back. All is well with the phone except it just shuts down on... moreThere is a common problem with all htc phones pls. Don't buy these bullshit mobiles . The problem is it shut down on its own n unable to restart untill it is connected to a charger . I don't know why still HTC launches so many models; There is a common problem with all htc phones pls. Don't buy these bullshit mobiles . The problem is it shut down on its own n unable to restart untill it is connected to a charger . I don't know why still HTC launches so many models
HectorPA, 06 Apr 2014I've been using HTC One for several months now. So far, so good except that since the KitKat u... moreYa second that...its like 10%/Hr; Ya second that...its like 10%/Hr
Anonymous, 18 Apr 2014Galaxy s4 is cheaper & better than this overpriced phone. You must be joking, read specifications.Try comparing over the S5...; You must be joking, read specifications.Try comparing over the S5...
Hajjaj, 14 Apr 2014besides an HTC Sync Manager (SM), is there any other programe can be used to manage all data ... moreNeed advised from someone who expert with HTC data management in, as my question before, the `HTC Sync Manager' nothing much could do to manage the data in phone (mine is HTC One). 
 
 EXPERT HTC, PLEASE ADVISE...; Need advised from someone who expert with HTC data management in, as my question before, the `HTC Sync Manager' nothing much could do to manage the data in phone (mine is HTC One).; EXPERT HTC, PLEASE ADVISE...
modo3, 19 Apr 2014please advice htc one or z1 sony xpirea z1 is better than htc one; sony xpirea z1 is better than htc one
Hw is the quality of htc one i want to buy; Hw is the quality of htc one i want to buy
please advice htc one or z1; please advice htc one or z1
anex, 17 Apr 2014pls friend dont buy this phone ... i have htc one afyer 1 month my camera in low light show on... moreYeah. They wanted to change it because it was faulty. Yours was broken, so they wanted to open your phone and replace the broken camera with a new one. Shame on them, how dare they.; Yeah. They wanted to change it because it was faulty. Yours was broken, so they wanted to open your phone and replace the broken camera with a new one. Shame on them, how dare they.
anex, 17 Apr 2014pls friend dont buy this phone ... i have htc one afyer 1 month my camera in low light show on... moreYeah. They wanted to change it because it was faulty. Yours was broken, so they wanted to open your phone and replace the broken camera with a new one. Shame on them, how dare they.; Yeah. They wanted to change it because it was faulty. Yours was broken, so they wanted to open your phone and replace the broken camera with a new one. Shame on them, how dare they.
Galaxy s4 is cheaper & better than this overpriced phone.; Galaxy s4 is cheaper & better than this overpriced phone.
pls friend dont buy this phone ... i have htc one afyer 1 month my camera in low light show only purple colur picture and background... camera is too bad.. i will go service center they are told me .. we want chamge the camera on your phone this this all htc one camera problem ....; pls friend dont buy this phone ... i have htc one afyer 1 month my camera in low light show only purple colur picture and background... camera is too bad.. i will go service center they are told me .. we want chamge the camera on your phone this this all htc one camera problem ....
adaekpes, 14 Apr 2014Hello Please can somebody help me? my camera has gone purple, how do I resetMy camera gone purple; My camera gone purple
Htc one is better than the s4,xperia Z,because very faster the touch screen very responsive.; Htc one is better than the s4,xperia Z,because very faster the touch screen very responsive.
Still very expensive, got cheaper phones with much better camera & specs, wake up htc.; Still very expensive, got cheaper phones with much better camera & specs, wake up htc.
Bala, 11 Apr 2014You have to press power + volume down button simultaneously.Hold power and press home button; Hold power and press home button
The camera is not good... my mytouch phone even better... I used mytouch b4 use front camera is all good but when I change to htc one.. the front camera turn orange and the quality is cheap... the picture come out not the same... the phone look great but I dont recommend for camera..; The camera is not good... my mytouch phone even better... I used mytouch b4 use front camera is all good but when I change to htc one.. the front camera turn orange and the quality is cheap... the picture come out not the same... the phone look great but I dont recommend for camera..
Hello Please can somebody help me? my camera has gone purple, how do I reset; Hello Please can somebody help me? my camera has gone purple, how do I reset
In india....S4=rs.27000 htc one=37000 nexus 5=28000 lg g2= 31000 wit latest specs! so....byebye htc!; In india....S4=rs.27000 htc one=37000 nexus 5=28000 lg g2= 31000 wit latest specs! so....byebye htc!
besides an HTC Sync Manager (SM), is there any other programe can be used to manage all data in HTC Internal Storage. HTC SM for me not much can do.
 
 Anybody can share with me esp on int. data management how to sync, backup, restore, restore from factory reset etc.; besides an HTC Sync Manager (SM), is there any other programe can be used to manage all data in HTC Internal Storage. HTC SM for me not much can do.; Anybody can share with me esp on int. data management how to sync, backup, restore, restore from factory reset etc.
All the problems are only with the Black one, I search so far.
 
 Any Silver one experience common problems?; All the problems are only with the Black one, I search so far.; Any Silver one experience common problems?
Sheikh, 10 Apr 2014I got HTC One a couple of months back. All is well with the phone except it just shuts down on... more-mine got the same problem too. auto-shutdown and refuse to turn on only when connect to charger. the service center said problem mainly due to faulty battery caused by overcharging. 
 -overcharging the phone every night will affects the lifespan of the battery greatly. firstly i didn't believe them, but later i start to do some research about li-ion polymer battery, and the experts says overcharged of li-ion will greatly reduced/damaged the li-po batttery. 
 -back in the day i always let the phone charged at night and let it overcharged till morning..but in your case i didn't know if you always let your phone overcharged or not..if didn't, maybe something other than the battery had gone wrong.; -mine got the same problem too. auto-shutdown and refuse to turn on only when connect to charger. the service center said problem mainly due to faulty battery caused by overcharging.; -overcharging the phone every night will affects the lifespan of the battery greatly. firstly i didn't believe them, but later i start to do some research about li-ion polymer battery, and the experts says overcharged of li-ion will greatly reduced/damaged the li-po batttery.; -back in the day i always let the phone charged at night and let it overcharged till morning..but in your case i didn't know if you always let your phone overcharged or not..if didn't, maybe something other than the battery had gone wrong.
Its a Hardware Issue which is very common with HTC one m7
 Hi I am using HTC one M7 since August 2013, I faced the exact problem till I got my camera module replaced.
 Go to the nearest HTC service center and get your Camera module replaced ...Its the only solution, NO Software Upgrade is going to resolve the issue...!; Its a Hardware Issue which is very common with HTC one m7; Hi I am using HTC one M7 since August 2013, I faced the exact problem till I got my camera module replaced.; Go to the nearest HTC service center and get your Camera module replaced ...Its the only solution, NO Software Upgrade is going to resolve the issue...!
My camera is not in center what can I do and in my ones display some line pattens just like
 
 -------------------------
 -------------------------
 -------------------------
 -------------------------
 Help me please; My camera is not in center what can I do and in my ones display some line pattens just like; -------------------------; -------------------------; -------------------------; -------------------------; Help me please
My Htc One Has Only One Problem.....'Purple Camera Hue'...; My Htc One Has Only One Problem.....'Purple Camera Hue'...
ryan, 13 Apr 2014I noticed when charging or gaming the phone heats up a lot and this is partially due to the al... moreTry these to conserve battery and reduce heating.
 1) Settings > Location > Mode > Battery Saver
 2) Settings > Wifi > Menu > Advanced > Uncheck Scanning always available.; Try these to conserve battery and reduce heating.; 1) Settings > Location > Mode > Battery Saver; 2) Settings > Wifi > Menu > Advanced > Uncheck Scanning always available.
I noticed when charging or gaming the phone heats up a lot and this is partially due to the aluminum body but can anything be done to avoid the overheating problem?; I noticed when charging or gaming the phone heats up a lot and this is partially due to the aluminum body but can anything be done to avoid the overheating problem?
I want to buy HTC One M7, but am confused betwen Single SIM and the Dual SIM. Though in my Country HTC One Dual SIM is more expensive than the HTC One Single SIM. but the price is not my problem. Please advice me with reason; I want to buy HTC One M7, but am confused betwen Single SIM and the Dual SIM. Though in my Country HTC One Dual SIM is more expensive than the HTC One Single SIM. but the price is not my problem. Please advice me with reason
I am in love with this phone; I am in love with this phone
Can someone please help me?
 I have my HTC one for about 2 months now, and in the beginning everything was great, battery life great, i was really impressed.
 In the last two weeks or so, my battery has gone crazy. I charge it to 100% (overnight) and as soon as i unplug it in a few hours it will be down to 0 even though the use was normal (mainly texting on whatsapp or it was on standby) 
 Another thing that happened was i put it to charge, and i woke up in the middle of the night and saw it was fully charged, I left it on the charger and continued sleeping. When i woke up in the morning my phone was off and it was charging 10% 
 Also, unrelated to the battery the Camera app sometimes has a bugg and when i try to open it it will open, and close and a notification will appear that says "battery unable to open"
 
 Is anybody else having these problems??
 Id greatly appreciate any advice. :); Can someone please help me?; I have my HTC one for about 2 months now, and in the beginning everything was great, battery life great, i was really impressed.; In the last two weeks or so, my battery has gone crazy. I charge it to 100% (overnight) and as soon as i unplug it in a few hours it will be down to 0 even though the use was normal (mainly texting on whatsapp or it was on standby); Another thing that happened was i put it to charge, and i woke up in the middle of the night and saw it was fully charged, I left it on the charger and continued sleeping. When i woke up in the morning my phone was off and it was charging 10%; Also, unrelated to the battery the Camera app sometimes has a bugg and when i try to open it it will open, and close and a notification will appear that says "battery unable to open"; Is anybody else having these problems??; Id greatly appreciate any advice. :)
abeg guys, am abouta buy 1 of dis phone tomorrow and i wanna know if it does freeze lyk dat of de v2.3 phones? abeg help; abeg guys, am abouta buy 1 of dis phone tomorrow and i wanna know if it does freeze lyk dat of de v2.3 phones? abeg help
me, 10 Apr 2014How do you take screen shots using this phone? can can swipe the notification bar from top to bottom which shows your setting shortcut at top right corner. There is an option called "ScreenShot" which when clicked will capture whats on your home screen; can can swipe the notification bar from top to bottom which shows your setting shortcut at top right corner. There is an option called "ScreenShot" which when clicked will capture whats on your home screen
me, 10 Apr 2014How do you take screen shots using this phone? You have to press power + volume down button simultaneously.; You have to press power + volume down button simultaneously.
your product is a dock made and one one more thing in night your camera images will not be as fine as it should be; your product is a dock made and one one more thing in night your camera images will not be as fine as it should be
me, 10 Apr 2014How do you take screen shots using this phone? Just keep press powet button & press home key.; Just keep press powet button & press home key.
any body can help with this charging issue after 4.4.2
 i put the on charger at 5% and after sleeping for 3 hours it is only 58%
 every time if i put it under 15% it don't give me full charging,i cant live with it ,i wan't 4.3 back; any body can help with this charging issue after 4.4.2; i put the on charger at 5% and after sleeping for 3 hours it is only 58%; every time if i put it under 15% it don't give me full charging,i cant live with it ,i wan't 4.3 back
How do you take screen shots using this phone?; How do you take screen shots using this phone?
Camera getting on screen get purple color at low lighting condition.
 
 if possible give me a solution.; Camera getting on screen get purple color at low lighting condition.; if possible give me a solution.
I got HTC One a couple of months back. All is well with the phone except it just shuts down on its own and will not start back unless i plug in the charger. Battery level shows 30-40% charged when i plug in. Anybody has a solution for that ? and how to fix the PINK screen at night on camera. Thanks.; I got HTC One a couple of months back. All is well with the phone except it just shuts down on its own and will not start back unless i plug in the charger. Battery level shows 30-40% charged when i plug in. Anybody has a solution for that ? and how to fix the PINK screen at night on camera. Thanks.
Prince, 07 Apr 2014my Htc one having some problem in radio its stop automatically after 4 to 5 min these started ... more4.4.2 is giving problem on all phones not only HTC One... bear with it, no option...!! :p; 4.4.2 is giving problem on all phones not only HTC One... bear with it, no option...!! :p
my Htc one having some problem in radio its stop automatically after 4 to 5 min these started happening from the update 4.4.2; my Htc one having some problem in radio its stop automatically after 4 to 5 min these started happening from the update 4.4.2
worst phone if u r using cdma network. it has compatability issue with cdma network and company customer care is not helpful in solving the issue.despite repeated requests.; worst phone if u r using cdma network. it has compatability issue with cdma network and company customer care is not helpful in solving the issue.despite repeated requests.
vijeyprasanna, 07 Apr 2014When will we receive HTC sense 6.0 update?Confirmed around May-June 2014.; Confirmed around May-June 2014.
HectorPA, 06 Apr 2014I've been using HTC One for several months now. So far, so good except that since the KitKat u... moreTry these
 1) Settings > Location > Mode > Battery Saver
 2) Settings > Wifi > Menu > Advanced > Uncheck Scanning always available.; Try these; 1) Settings > Location > Mode > Battery Saver; 2) Settings > Wifi > Menu > Advanced > Uncheck Scanning always available.
When will we receive HTC sense 6.0 update?; When will we receive HTC sense 6.0 update?
I've been using HTC One for several months now. So far, so good except that since the KitKat upgrade the battery seems to drain faster and takes longer to charge. The camera's focusing is slowed too -- it spends a lot of time trying to focus on even still objects. Hopefully they'll come out with a fix.; I've been using HTC One for several months now. So far, so good except that since the KitKat upgrade the battery seems to drain faster and takes longer to charge. The camera's focusing is slowed too -- it spends a lot of time trying to focus on even still objects. Hopefully they'll come out with a fix.
Anonymous, 05 Apr 2014sucks camera... i used this phone for 2 days.. phone performance was much better, but it was g... moreHow can u say that u cant take picture at night. For your info, visit the mentioned link
 https://www.flickr.com/photos/77173783@N00/sets/72157636086615266/with/9923099823/; How can u say that u cant take picture at night. For your info, visit the mentioned link
sucks camera... i used this phone for 2 days.. phone performance was much better, but it was getting heated very fast & u can not take picture at night. all the pink screen coming while taking picture...; sucks camera... i used this phone for 2 days.. phone performance was much better, but it was getting heated very fast & u can not take picture at night. all the pink screen coming while taking picture...
why when i get a call the caller cant hear me but i csn hear them? The only way they can hear me i have to put my phone on speaker.; why when i get a call the caller cant hear me but i csn hear them? The only way they can hear me i have to put my phone on speaker.
why my htc one show me a text message that,DAIL 789 DOCTOR????; why my htc one show me a text message that,DAIL 789 DOCTOR????
I've been using HTC One M7 more than 6 months by now... 
 
 After solving the camera purple tint problem (by HTC service centre without any charge), i can say i'm very happy with it...
 
 Great design & build quality, amazing display, best audio output, UI is snappy & stable... camera also above my expectation... Well done HTC!
 
 * Note: I'm still using Android 4.3 Jelly Bean... don't feel like wanna upgrade to Android 4.4 Kitkat coz many users are facing wifi & battery problems after upgrade...; I've been using HTC One M7 more than 6 months by now...; After solving the camera purple tint problem (by HTC service centre without any charge), i can say i'm very happy with it...; Great design & build quality, amazing display, best audio output, UI is snappy & stable... camera also above my expectation... Well done HTC!; * Note: I'm still using Android 4.3 Jelly Bean... don't feel like wanna upgrade to Android 4.4 Kitkat coz many users are facing wifi & battery problems after upgrade...
Htc one pliz..drop ur prices in india. Itz way too costly for real....n with ur new htc one m8 cmin in india. Pliz make sure u price it correctly or else it will b a big fail. Samsung phones r dominating as well as nokia phones. Love htc...phones but jst ur prices or else it vl a hit here. All the best....!!!; Htc one pliz..drop ur prices in india. Itz way too costly for real....n with ur new htc one m8 cmin in india. Pliz make sure u price it correctly or else it will b a big fail. Samsung phones r dominating as well as nokia phones. Love htc...phones but jst ur prices or else it vl a hit here. All the best....!!!
Sony Z1 compact or the HTC one??? which one is more durable??; Sony Z1 compact or the HTC one??? which one is more durable??
Prateek, 25 Mar 2014after the kitkat update my phone's battery performance has got reduced. now from 100% to 88% i... moreyes, even my charging time is longer!; yes, even my charging time is longer!
this phone is a beast! sense ui is unbearable but handling and performance with a custom rom is breathtaking!; this phone is a beast! sense ui is unbearable but handling and performance with a custom rom is breathtaking!
The wifi works perfect as it has with all my HTC phones. The speakers are the loudest and clearest of any phone I've seen.; The wifi works perfect as it has with all my HTC phones. The speakers are the loudest and clearest of any phone I've seen.
hero, 30 Mar 2014i wanna buy a phone n m really confused between s4 and the htc one.. what to buy ? plz advise .ultimate phone to buy..awesome camera and sound quality.; ultimate phone to buy..awesome camera and sound quality.
mishu873, 02 Apr 2014i got a new one. now, in about section it shows i have a new software update (4.4.2). but when... moreDo not download it, it's KitKat and it drains the battery and overheats the phone. I upgraded and it sucks I want to revert but I don't know how.; Do not download it, it's KitKat and it drains the battery and overheats the phone. I upgraded and it sucks I want to revert but I don't know how.
Good Phone In many Ways, But As with Most HTCs the WIFI dont work, so if you dont have a Data Plan, stay Clear; Good Phone In many Ways, But As with Most HTCs the WIFI dont work, so if you dont have a Data Plan, stay Clear
i got a new one. now, in about section it shows i have a new software update (4.4.2). but whenever i am trying to download the update, it shows 'download unsuccessful'
 
 anyone have any solution regarding the issue?
 
 btw, the phone is superb.
 i'm loving it; i got a new one. now, in about section it shows i have a new software update (4.4.2). but whenever i am trying to download the update, it shows 'download unsuccessful'; anyone have any solution regarding the issue?; btw, the phone is superb.; i'm loving it
Shi14, 31 Mar 2014I cant connect the device with my PC, after installing the software also it is showing that th... moresame thing was happend on me...u have to use genuie windows...when i updated my windows 7 ..that problem was end so......latest update your windows via internet; same thing was happend on me...u have to use genuie windows...when i updated my windows 7 ..that problem was end so......latest update your windows via internet
Nexus 5.....!!!! All d way in india. With the price in d market htc one so sad so lovely yet so costly...n specs nt upto d mark..!!! So drop ur bullshit price!!!; Nexus 5.....!!!! All d way in india. With the price in d market htc one so sad so lovely yet so costly...n specs nt upto d mark..!!! So drop ur bullshit price!!!
I cant connect the device with my PC, after installing the software also it is showing that there is no device connected. anybody hav the solution???; I cant connect the device with my PC, after installing the software also it is showing that there is no device connected. anybody hav the solution???
I want new htc.one. If any problem for it please suggest me. Thanks; I want new htc.one. If any problem for it please suggest me. Thanks
hero, 30 Mar 2014i wanna buy a phone n m really confused between s4 and the htc one.. what to buy ? plz advise .I've tried a lot of phones recently; Nexus 5, HTC One, S4, Moto X, etc, and I have to say the best phone I've used so far is the HTC One. It's a little heavier, but it feels good, and the metal body feels great when it's cold. Go for the HTC; I've tried a lot of phones recently; Nexus 5, HTC One, S4, Moto X, etc, and I have to say the best phone I've used so far is the HTC One. It's a little heavier, but it feels good, and the metal body feels great when it's cold. Go for the HTC
Annas, 30 Mar 2014I m also using ths supperb phone. I have not faced any problem yet its been a month using it..... moreIs it better than g2?; Is it better than g2?
i wanna buy a phone n m really confused between s4 and the htc one.. what to buy ? plz advise .; i wanna buy a phone n m really confused between s4 and the htc one.. what to buy ? plz advise .
I m also using ths supperb phone. I have not faced any problem yet its been a month using it.. Yeah there's only the problem of battery's fast drainage.. Overall i will rate it the best phone.:; I m also using ths supperb phone. I have not faced any problem yet its been a month using it.. Yeah there's only the problem of battery's fast drainage.. Overall i will rate it the best phone.:
Bassam, 29 Mar 2014I have the same isue, but first it have difficulties since I have updated to 4.3 and now is ev... morebut for me it was perfect on 4.3
 now i update and things get wrong
 oh god :(; but for me it was perfect on 4.3; now i update and things get wrong; oh god :(
I have buy this super smartphone today it is truly the best smartphone of the year it is fantastic the best phone i ever had; I have buy this super smartphone today it is truly the best smartphone of the year it is fantastic the best phone i ever had
AAG, 29 Mar 2014after kitkat update if the battery where too low and i put the phone in the charger and sleep ... moreI have the same isue, but first it have difficulties since I have updated to 4.3 and now is even worst like you said.; I have the same isue, but first it have difficulties since I have updated to 4.3 and now is even worst like you said.
galilioglal , 27 Mar 2014What should i buy ..xperia z1 or HTC one or LG2LG G2 better than HTC M7; LG G2 better than HTC M7
rohit, 29 Mar 2014hi i am using htc one and while using camera in dark places the screen is a bit reddish colour... moreyour phone is suffering from purple tint effect,hardware problem get it change at once if still under warranty; your phone is suffering from purple tint effect,hardware problem get it change at once if still under warranty
Guys,
 
 Anyway to disable the 4.4 update notification?
 
 I'm still using 4.3 & don't feel like wanna go for 4.4..; Guys,; Anyway to disable the 4.4 update notification?; I'm still using 4.3 & don't feel like wanna go for 4.4..
after kitkat update if the battery where too low and i put the phone in the charger and sleep for 6 hours,the battery when i awake be like 70% and it is still charging,please help cause this is not acceptable at all; after kitkat update if the battery where too low and i put the phone in the charger and sleep for 6 hours,the battery when i awake be like 70% and it is still charging,please help cause this is not acceptable at all
hi i am using htc one and while using camera in dark places the screen is a bit reddish colour... is this my phones problem or is it the actual camera... reply plz...; hi i am using htc one and while using camera in dark places the screen is a bit reddish colour... is this my phones problem or is it the actual camera... reply plz...
the camera is bad :D; the camera is bad :D
camera in dark place screen get purple color; camera in dark place screen get purple color
galilioglal , 27 Mar 2014What should i buy ..xperia z1 or HTC one or LG2me 3; me 3
galilioglal , 27 Mar 2014What should i buy ..xperia z1 or HTC one or LG2Practically, you should buy G2. better camera cheaper price and more features.; Practically, you should buy G2. better camera cheaper price and more features.
What should i buy ..xperia z1 or HTC one or LG2; What should i buy ..xperia z1 or HTC one or LG2
Prateek, 25 Mar 2014after the kitkat update my phone's battery performance has got reduced. now from 100% to 88% i... morei have the same situation !!!; i have the same situation !!!
hi im from uae also.before i have htc one x made in china and made in taiwan.i think they are the same quality and both original.made taiwan is a little less expensive i guess.; hi im from uae also.before i have htc one x made in china and made in taiwan.i think they are the same quality and both original.made taiwan is a little less expensive i guess.
guys I'm really confused which to buy HTC One 801e or 802d .. what is the difference ????; guys I'm really confused which to buy HTC One 801e or 802d .. what is the difference ????
should i buy HTC one??? 
 as i read the below comments that when it is upgraded to kitkat its battery gets drain fast ??
 i m confussed which is best in htc ??; should i buy HTC one???; as i read the below comments that when it is upgraded to kitkat its battery gets drain fast ??; i m confussed which is best in htc ??
a siam, 23 Mar 2014it's a great device I'm using it since 5 months ago till now and there's nothing wrong with it... morei updated the same version
 but i have issues with the range
 its goes of and on evritym
 its not my sim isuue,its coz of the new update
 does anyone know y???; i updated the same version; but i have issues with the range; its goes of and on evritym; its not my sim isuue,its coz of the new update; does anyone know y???
vai, 25 Mar 2014friends i am confused within htc one,samsung galaxy note 3 & motorolla moto x. pls tell m... moreGo for htc one..if u want smooth user experience..along with gorgeous feel and looks..
 If ur a gamer...and 720p screen is ok..go for moto x...
 Allround good phone note 3 ..though the phone lags bcoz of very heavy touchwiz..and crappy plastic
 but if u want phone with good looks..premium feel..never lagging..good gaming...go for htc one; Go for htc one..if u want smooth user experience..along with gorgeous feel and looks..; If ur a gamer...and 720p screen is ok..go for moto x...; Allround good phone note 3 ..though the phone lags bcoz of very heavy touchwiz..and crappy plastic; but if u want phone with good looks..premium feel..never lagging..good gaming...go for htc one
Anonymous, 22 Mar 2014My ONE camera was working fine with 4.2.2 But got dat purple tint whn i updated to 4.3. I tot ... morehello man 
 i have the same problem i can;t fix it pls how to fix this ?; hello man; i have the same problem i can;t fix it pls how to fix this ?
after the kitkat update my phone's battery performance has got reduced. now from 100% to 88% it goes in 15 min. does someone else is facing same kind of problem? i gave my phone for servicing for the same issue twice but no result.:(; after the kitkat update my phone's battery performance has got reduced. now from 100% to 88% it goes in 15 min. does someone else is facing same kind of problem? i gave my phone for servicing for the same issue twice but no result.:(
friends i am confused within htc one,samsung galaxy note 3 & motorolla moto x.
 pls tell me right option.....
 pls..; friends i am confused within htc one,samsung galaxy note 3 & motorolla moto x.; pls tell me right option.....; pls..
hi my htc one is getting restart and is not showing the dialer pad , i tried to do the factory reset many times but it did not solve the problem, com.htc.dialer somthing like this is comming as an error, any idea what sort of an issue is this?
 how it can be solved.; hi my htc one is getting restart and is not showing the dialer pad , i tried to do the factory reset many times but it did not solve the problem, com.htc.dialer somthing like this is comming as an error, any idea what sort of an issue is this?; how it can be solved.
Apple phones: 4s and 5s are best phones
 Pros: Best built in Quality and gives some status. IOS (Unique)
 Cons: Too Costly, Almost you have to buy every App. 
 Nokia: All lumia series
 Pros: Known for best camera and windows phones.
 Cons: Less Apps, slightly difficult to use & thicker phones.
 Samsung: S3, Note 2 & Note 3 are best. (S4 is also good but not that great it is having some lags).
 Pros: Number of models in all Price range. Lot of features like smart stay, sensors & etc.,
 Cons: All looks like same no matter how much money you invest.
 Sony: SP and Z series
 Pros: Good Built in Quality, slightly cheaper than others, having good camera.
 Cons: If you got repairs, simple you have to go for new one means individual parts are too costly.
 HTC: One and desire series
 Pros: Good built in Quality, great touch sense UI, good speakers and having beat audio.
 Cons: very sensitive, battery backup is not good.
 LG: Only G series and Nexus series are the best in LG.
 Motorola: Moto G and Moto X are the best mobiles.
 And other companies I never used them so I am unable to tell.
 Note : This is only just my view.; Apple phones: 4s and 5s are best phones; Pros: Best built in Quality and gives some status. IOS (Unique); Cons: Too Costly, Almost you have to buy every App.; Nokia: All lumia series; Pros: Known for best camera and windows phones.; Cons: Less Apps, slightly difficult to use & thicker phones.; Samsung: S3, Note 2 & Note 3 are best. (S4 is also good but not that great it is having some lags).; Pros: Number of models in all Price range. Lot of features like smart stay, sensors & etc.,; Cons: All looks like same no matter how much money you invest.; Sony: SP and Z series; Pros: Good Built in Quality, slightly cheaper than others, having good camera.; Cons: If you got repairs, simple you have to go for new one means individual parts are too costly.; HTC: One and desire series; Pros: Good built in Quality, great touch sense UI, good speakers and having beat audio.; Cons: very sensitive, battery backup is not good.; LG: Only G series and Nexus series are the best in LG.; Motorola: Moto G and Moto X are the best mobiles.; And other companies I never used them so I am unable to tell.; Note : This is only just my view.
vijeyprasanna, 25 Mar 2014Yes,it's the best. but it's expensive. Nokia lumia 820 & Samsung galaxy s2 plus are same p... moreS2 has more apps, but the Nokia is newer and faster with a better processor. 
 
 I'd probably go for the Nokia if I had to choose as the S2 hardware is pretty old now.; S2 has more apps, but the Nokia is newer and faster with a better processor.; I'd probably go for the Nokia if I had to choose as the S2 hardware is pretty old now.
Anonymous, 24 Mar 2014tell him to buy an HTC ONE!! its the best.Yes,it's the best. but it's expensive. Nokia lumia 820 & Samsung galaxy s2 plus are same price in here. Which one is the best?tell me the best one. Pls help.; Yes,it's the best. but it's expensive. Nokia lumia 820 & Samsung galaxy s2 plus are same price in here. Which one is the best?tell me the best one. Pls help.
vijeyprasanna, 24 Mar 2014I need your help. My brother going to buy a phone. he likes Nokia lumia 820 & Samsung gala... moretell him to buy an HTC ONE!! its the best.; tell him to buy an HTC ONE!! its the best.
Anonymous, 22 Mar 2014My ONE camera was working fine with 4.2.2 But got dat purple tint whn i updated to 4.3. I tot ... moreI need your help. My brother going to buy a phone. he likes Nokia lumia 820 & Samsung galaxy s2 plus. Which is the best one among these models?; I need your help. My brother going to buy a phone. he likes Nokia lumia 820 & Samsung galaxy s2 plus. Which is the best one among these models?
Anonymous, 22 Mar 2014My ONE camera was working fine with 4.2.2 But got dat purple tint whn i updated to 4.3. I tot ... moreI need your help. My brother going to buy a phone. he likes Nokia lumia 820 & Samsung galaxy s2 plus. Which is the best one among these models?; I need your help. My brother going to buy a phone. he likes Nokia lumia 820 & Samsung galaxy s2 plus. Which is the best one among these models?
Anonymous, 22 Mar 2014My ONE camera was working fine with 4.2.2 But got dat purple tint whn i updated to 4.3. I tot ... moreI need your help. My brother going to buy a phone. he likes Nokia lumia 820 & Samsung galaxy s2 plus. Which is the best one among these models?; I need your help. My brother going to buy a phone. he likes Nokia lumia 820 & Samsung galaxy s2 plus. Which is the best one among these models?
after the recent kitkat upgrade the htc one is overheating both at the battery side as well on the display side. Is there any solution to this? Pls. post it.; after the recent kitkat upgrade the htc one is overheating both at the battery side as well on the display side. Is there any solution to this? Pls. post it.
Sprint users , have you guys got the new update ?
 What is the speciality of that update ? It says that ur phone is updated to 4.06.651.9 software version and i couldn't find out what is the difference . 
 Can anyone tell me what was that update about ?; Sprint users , have you guys got the new update ?; What is the speciality of that update ? It says that ur phone is updated to 4.06.651.9 software version and i couldn't find out what is the difference .; Can anyone tell me what was that update about ?
Dear Al,
 
 Could you please help me to findout the genuine HTC One from UAE local market. Because i have noticed that there is two makes are available Taiwan & China. For both the makes there is to many packing types are available.
 Eg: If made in taiwan, below differences are noticed.
 1. Some of them having sticker of LTE,there is nothing mentioned regarding LTE for other types.
 2. Some packing box found with 801n, 801e, 801s,801w.
 3. for some taiwan made, backside of packing case having details in 3 languages.
 4. for some cases Platform mentioned as Android*Mit Sense, Android with sense, Android C with sense.
 
 I am totally confused, please help me to pick the right quality.. please forgive me if my language is not correct.; Dear Al,; Could you please help me to findout the genuine HTC One from UAE local market. Because i have noticed that there is two makes are available Taiwan & China. For both the makes there is to many packing types are available.; Eg: If made in taiwan, below differences are noticed.; 1. Some of them having sticker of LTE,there is nothing mentioned regarding LTE for other types.; 2. Some packing box found with 801n, 801e, 801s,801w.; 3. for some taiwan made, backside of packing case having details in 3 languages.; 4. for some cases Platform mentioned as Android*Mit Sense, Android with sense, Android C with sense.; I am totally confused, please help me to pick the right quality.. please forgive me if my language is not correct.
what is 801n, 801s, 801e stands for??? what is the number for original htc one??; what is 801n, 801s, 801e stands for??? what is the number for original htc one??
dear all,
 could you please help me to pick the genuine htc one from UAE market. I had found many of them both china n taiwan makes. how we can differentiate them without breaking the seal of package. also noticed some packages mentioned as LTE. Please help me how i can avoid the fraud one.; dear all,; could you please help me to pick the genuine htc one from UAE market. I had found many of them both china n taiwan makes. how we can differentiate them without breaking the seal of package. also noticed some packages mentioned as LTE. Please help me how i can avoid the fraud one.
it's a great device I'm using it since 5 months ago till now and there's nothing wrong with it at all 
 i got the the new update 4.4.2 and still doing well .... no issue found; it's a great device I'm using it since 5 months ago till now and there's nothing wrong with it at all; i got the the new update 4.4.2 and still doing well .... no issue found
Anonymous, 22 Mar 2014My ONE camera was working fine with 4.2.2 But got dat purple tint whn i updated to 4.3. I tot ... moreI got mine fixed,giving it to an Authorized HTC Service Center in Chennai,India.
 They took only one day to fix it.; I got mine fixed,giving it to an Authorized HTC Service Center in Chennai,India.; They took only one day to fix it.
Im using HTC one. I'm really happy with it. my brother going to buy a phone. he likes Nokia lumia 820,lumia 625,Samsung galaxy s2 plus & Samsung galaxy s2. Please tell us, which is the best one among these models.; Im using HTC one. I'm really happy with it. my brother going to buy a phone. he likes Nokia lumia 820,lumia 625,Samsung galaxy s2 plus & Samsung galaxy s2. Please tell us, which is the best one among these models.
My ONE camera was working fine with 4.2.2 But got dat purple tint whn i updated to 4.3. I tot it wld be fix whn i got it to 4.4.2. But its still there. Tried so many ways to fix from the forums, but still d same. End up send it to HTC for repairs. Problem solved.; My ONE camera was working fine with 4.2.2 But got dat purple tint whn i updated to 4.3. I tot it wld be fix whn i got it to 4.4.2. But its still there. Tried so many ways to fix from the forums, but still d same. End up send it to HTC for repairs. Problem solved.
H.T.C, 21 Mar 2014Guys I'm willing to buy this phone, since its getting cheaper, i love everything about it but ... morethe camera on my unit works absolutely fine..i dont have the purple/pink issue...probably its country dependent...buy one ..if it has the issue give it to htc customer service center the phone they fix the sensor...one of my friend had the issue but htc fixed it...also image quality is pretty nice..; the camera on my unit works absolutely fine..i dont have the purple/pink issue...probably its country dependent...buy one ..if it has the issue give it to htc customer service center the phone they fix the sensor...one of my friend had the issue but htc fixed it...also image quality is pretty nice..
LCJ92, 21 Mar 2014The tint has not been resolved, but rummors say that the kit kat update should solve the issue. :)No No No might is already on kitkat update bu still the pink tint was still there.; No No No might is already on kitkat update bu still the pink tint was still there.
H.T.C, 21 Mar 2014Guys I'm willing to buy this phone, since its getting cheaper, i love everything about it but ... moreThe tint has not been resolved, but rummors say that the kit kat update should solve the issue. :); The tint has not been resolved, but rummors say that the kit kat update should solve the issue. :)
H.T.C, 21 Mar 2014Guys I'm willing to buy this phone, since its getting cheaper, i love everything about it but ... moreCamera is good.Its not just 4 MP.Its ultra pixel and you can take perfect shot out of it.I have checked with camera of S4 and this is pretty Impressive.Battery not more than a day.If you use continously it will be over in a day itself.; Camera is good.Its not just 4 MP.Its ultra pixel and you can take perfect shot out of it.I have checked with camera of S4 and this is pretty Impressive.Battery not more than a day.If you use continously it will be over in a day itself.
H.T.C, 21 Mar 2014Guys I'm willing to buy this phone, since its getting cheaper, i love everything about it but ... morecamera is good..you will enjoy; camera is good..you will enjoy
Guys I'm willing to buy this phone, since its getting cheaper, i love everything about it but my only concern is the camera...
 
 
 I really want an honest opinion from users who used this phone, 
 
 Thanks in advance :); Guys I'm willing to buy this phone, since its getting cheaper, i love everything about it but my only concern is the camera...; I really want an honest opinion from users who used this phone,; Thanks in advance :)
niemal29, 19 Mar 2014i guys..im using iphone 5c...overall okay....one of the most irritating thing in iphone and bl... moreHey brother, though iphones & blackberry's doesnt have torrent Client, but its not the only way to download high resolution movies. U can very well download movies of 720p & now even 1080p through youtube downloader. So, just because these phones doesnt have this one particular thing, it cannot be made basis for rejecting the phones offering highest security (blackberry) & revolutionarily famous (iphones); Hey brother, though iphones & blackberry's doesnt have torrent Client, but its not the only way to download high resolution movies. U can very well download movies of 720p & now even 1080p through youtube downloader. So, just because these phones doesnt have this one particular thing, it cannot be made basis for rejecting the phones offering highest security (blackberry) & revolutionarily famous (iphones)
my htc has pattern lock i have no net to open gmail id wht can ido ?; my htc has pattern lock i have no net to open gmail id wht can ido ?
harry, 19 Mar 2014Hello guys It's Harry here ...I have purchased the HTC one today from abroad n using it in In... moreIf you've a laptop then download your phone's official firmware which is for India and then flash it with that Indian firmware and SEE THE MAGIC. Or if you're still confused then you can also go to service centre and ask them to flash your phone and that's it. Now you can enjoy each and every feature of your phone without a hitch.; If you've a laptop then download your phone's official firmware which is for India and then flash it with that Indian firmware and SEE THE MAGIC. Or if you're still confused then you can also go to service centre and ask them to flash your phone and that's it. Now you can enjoy each and every feature of your phone without a hitch.
Hello guys
 It's Harry here ...I have purchased the HTC one today from abroad n using it in India...I m facing the that it is not accepting my play store id .. I hav tried so amny times with different id but is same..can one help me what to do ??; Hello guys; It's Harry here ...I have purchased the HTC one today from abroad n using it in India...I m facing the that it is not accepting my play store id .. I hav tried so amny times with different id but is same..can one help me what to do ??
today kitkat released here in UAE
 any opinions about what to do before update ?
 i here about stupid things like let the battery full before to improve battery after update etc.; today kitkat released here in UAE; any opinions about what to do before update ?; i here about stupid things like let the battery full before to improve battery after update etc.
I just bought HTC One last week. The battery drain so fast. Is it normal? Should I go to the service centre?; I just bought HTC One last week. The battery drain so fast. Is it normal? Should I go to the service centre?
i guys..im using iphone 5c...overall okay....one of the most irritating thing in iphone and blackberry is, you could not able to download any movies because both of the smart phones doesnt have a torrent client,,..so i recommended that htc one is a best android mobile which could do many features for you..im saying this because i have use my fren's htc...its better and good...; i guys..im using iphone 5c...overall okay....one of the most irritating thing in iphone and blackberry is, you could not able to download any movies because both of the smart phones doesnt have a torrent client,,..so i recommended that htc one is a best android mobile which could do many features for you..im saying this because i have use my fren's htc...its better and good...
Hi people,
 I want to upgrade my s3. Its been a great phone for me. No issues at all. Now I want to change it. How is htc one dual sim? Because in India we dont have htc one single sim. Please suggest friends. 
 Thanks in advance.; Hi people,; I want to upgrade my s3. Its been a great phone for me. No issues at all. Now I want to change it. How is htc one dual sim? Because in India we dont have htc one single sim. Please suggest friends.; Thanks in advance.
I live in Iran but yet there is no kit Kat update available for my HTC One. What should I do!; I live in Iran but yet there is no kit Kat update available for my HTC One. What should I do!
does this phone runs great with 4.4 kitkat? is it compatible? some said tht they encounter lags and battery issues upon upgrading to 4.4; does this phone runs great with 4.4 kitkat? is it compatible? some said tht they encounter lags and battery issues upon upgrading to 4.4
htc make best phone,s best display best design best ui best quality best speakers and more important best suport 
 best brand in market one; htc make best phone,s best display best design best ui best quality best speakers and more important best suport; best brand in market one
Dee Bond, 17 Mar 2014I have the same issue of purple tint in d same camera... hw long the service center take time... moreits a max 7 days in htc service care to fix the purple tint issue..i gt fixed mine even dey change my whole scratch cabinet even replaced with a new one...mine was pretty rough before sending to htc care after i gt it its like a new one..; its a max 7 days in htc service care to fix the purple tint issue..i gt fixed mine even dey change my whole scratch cabinet even replaced with a new one...mine was pretty rough before sending to htc care after i gt it its like a new one..
Ahmed Muhammad Alam, 18 Mar 2014Day before yesterday, I have purchased HTC One the master piece of HTC till date. I have came ... moreBy the way they have change the unit on same time. Thanks to HTC.; By the way they have change the unit on same time. Thanks to HTC.
Day before yesterday, I have purchased HTC One the master piece of HTC till date. I have came across the problem of purple tint in the camera and the battery was draining so fast. After applied all the updates the purple tint color was fade but still persist. 
 
 Anyhow I went to the HTC Care and thank Allah subhan-o-Tala they have recommend to change the unit. The device is awesome and I love it.......; Day before yesterday, I have purchased HTC One the master piece of HTC till date. I have came across the problem of purple tint in the camera and the battery was draining so fast. After applied all the updates the purple tint color was fade but still persist.; Anyhow I went to the HTC Care and thank Allah subhan-o-Tala they have recommend to change the unit. The device is awesome and I love it.......
Saubhagya, 17 Mar 2014Hello friends, I am facing the camera problem of purple tint... And now its getting really... moreAny thing, It might be car or electronic device once its opened it will be not go back to original condition. So the best thing is HTC should replaced our unit (BRAND NEW) Since its their fault not ours. They sell or faulty cameras. HTC wake up.Now you have the guts to introduce your new HTC One.; Any thing, It might be car or electronic device once its opened it will be not go back to original condition. So the best thing is HTC should replaced our unit (BRAND NEW) Since its their fault not ours. They sell or faulty cameras. HTC wake up.Now you have the guts to introduce your new HTC One.
I have the same issue of purple tint in d same camera...
 hw long the service center take time to repair the phone...; I have the same issue of purple tint in d same camera...; hw long the service center take time to repair the phone...
I have the same issue of purple tint in d same camera...
 hw long the service center take time to repair the phone...; I have the same issue of purple tint in d same camera...; hw long the service center take time to repair the phone...
Hello friends, 
 I am facing the camera problem of purple tint... 
 And now its getting really annoying.. 
 I know its a hardware problem but am worried in giving the phone at the service center.. 
 As they say it will take 10 days... 
 Those who have got the unit replaced.. Is the job done of opening and assembling the phone back done neatly.... 
 Or it has dents....????? 
 Pls help....; Hello friends,; I am facing the camera problem of purple tint...; And now its getting really annoying..; I know its a hardware problem but am worried in giving the phone at the service center..; As they say it will take 10 days...; Those who have got the unit replaced.. Is the job done of opening and assembling the phone back done neatly....; Or it has dents....?????; Pls help....
ali, 15 Mar 2014Poll for camera problem,, how many facing purple tint in camera,, specially without flash?? I... morethis is a hardware problem bro...you mustgo to the customer service and give it for the repair.....
 
 they take no charges if u have warranty.....
 
 if not then it will cost you....
 
 this is the hardware defect ....
 
 mine also return the set to customer service and after 15 days they give me the new camera module installed.....; this is a hardware problem bro...you mustgo to the customer service and give it for the repair.....; they take no charges if u have warranty.....; if not then it will cost you....; this is the hardware defect ....; mine also return the set to customer service and after 15 days they give me the new camera module installed.....
ali, 15 Mar 2014Poll for camera problem,, how many facing purple tint in camera,, specially without flash?? I... morei have d same issue of purple tint in d same camrea; i have d same issue of purple tint in d same camrea
Super smart phone ever; Super smart phone ever
This Mobile more wonderful ... this is my impression of my experience to Mobile for about two weeks 
 
 * Excellent screen 
 * Pure sound, but it is not up to the extent that some people think may, of course, but easily audible 
 * Voice calls gorgeous and very clear, whatever the crowds or noise 
 * A very stylish and the perfect size and high quality materials 
 * Battery lasts me a full day and probably last for a day and a half depending on usage .. I use the Web via Wi-Fi for a period of 4 to 6 hours a day with some of the calls and sometimes some photos 
 In any case, the battery life is the same duration of the Galaxy Note 3 I use the same but I did not try any games, because I do not care generally 
 * The camera is very good too, but in Note 3 was better 
 * Smoothness and lack of halos and speed in the open any application, as well as surfing the net 
 * Android experience on this mobile and htc devices are generally quite different 
 * Technical support from htc very respectable, and I have a problem in the touch buttons below the screen were not issued vibration when touched .. sent email and the next day was the reply solution, something more wonderful 
 
 Overall, the Mobile .. Excellent in all respects; This Mobile more wonderful ... this is my impression of my experience to Mobile for about two weeks; * Excellent screen; * Pure sound, but it is not up to the extent that some people think may, of course, but easily audible; * Voice calls gorgeous and very clear, whatever the crowds or noise; * A very stylish and the perfect size and high quality materials; * Battery lasts me a full day and probably last for a day and a half depending on usage .. I use the Web via Wi-Fi for a period of 4 to 6 hours a day with some of the calls and sometimes some photos; In any case, the battery life is the same duration of the Galaxy Note 3 I use the same but I did not try any games, because I do not care generally; * The camera is very good too, but in Note 3 was better; * Smoothness and lack of halos and speed in the open any application, as well as surfing the net; * Android experience on this mobile and htc devices are generally quite different; * Technical support from htc very respectable, and I have a problem in the touch buttons below the screen were not issued vibration when touched .. sent email and the next day was the reply solution, something more wonderful; Overall, the Mobile .. Excellent in all respects
Poll for camera problem,, how many facing purple tint in camera,, specially without flash??
 I am facing camera problem.; Poll for camera problem,, how many facing purple tint in camera,, specially without flash??; I am facing camera problem.
jack, 12 Mar 2014If you are person who loves photography lumia 1020 is the answer to your questions but then ag... moreSo if anyone love photography y lumia.go for a camera with better quality.; So if anyone love photography y lumia.go for a camera with better quality.
This phone is superb , i must say.
 It has the perfect balance between usablity ,performance , build quality,and awesome user interface coupled with a striling aluminium body.
 Its also now at Rs36000...or 470$..for the price its a perfect phone highly recommended; This phone is superb , i must say.; It has the perfect balance between usablity ,performance , build quality,and awesome user interface coupled with a striling aluminium body.; Its also now at Rs36000...or 470$..for the price its a perfect phone highly recommended
twist3r, 13 Mar 2014htc one or lg nexus 5?only htc one i have it and it,s make me happy every day sooooooooooooo lovely; only htc one i have it and it,s make me happy every day sooooooooooooo lovely
very niceeeee; very niceeeee
htc one or lg nexus 5?; htc one or lg nexus 5?
htc one or lg nexus 5?; htc one or lg nexus 5?
I am person who travels a lot. I dont know so much about processors or screen but i must say the user interface(the most important in a phone) is the best .i have used sony phones and samsung but i have found that this phone performs very well .very good design and build quality is so good. I sometimes love the looks of my phone so much; I am person who travels a lot. I dont know so much about processors or screen but i must say the user interface(the most important in a phone) is the best .i have used sony phones and samsung but i have found that this phone performs very well .very good design and build quality is so good. I sometimes love the looks of my phone so much
Anonymous, 11 Mar 2014thanks for your view feedback, I am looking for a change from blackberry 9900 and i feel that ... moreGood for you buddy,even i have had excellent experience with the htc one, never hangs or freezes, smooth browsing and multitasking,excellent premium design and the user interface is by far the snappiest around.go for this phone you wont regret.; Good for you buddy,even i have had excellent experience with the htc one, never hangs or freezes, smooth browsing and multitasking,excellent premium design and the user interface is by far the snappiest around.go for this phone you wont regret.
My HTC one is heating up after kit Kat update. What should I do? 
 Please help me out.; My HTC one is heating up after kit Kat update. What should I do?; Please help me out.
richard21, 09 Mar 2014HTC One or LG G2 which phone should i buy please help .. as both phones are costly i need to s... moreas a smartphon, I think htc one is one of the best, it does what you want and when you want, no lags. it has a verry nice design, a verry hard case. if you need a phone for games, maybe in future, lg g2 will rulles games more complex than htc...so if you need a smartphone choose htc, if you need a toy, choose lg g2; as a smartphon, I think htc one is one of the best, it does what you want and when you want, no lags. it has a verry nice design, a verry hard case. if you need a phone for games, maybe in future, lg g2 will rulles games more complex than htc...so if you need a smartphone choose htc, if you need a toy, choose lg g2
jack, 12 Mar 2014If you are person who loves photography lumia 1020 is the answer to your questions but then ag... moreThe HTC one has a very sensitive light sensor which gets damaged if flash is not used for low light shots...kindly take it to a service centre and the problem will be fixed free if under warranty...; The HTC one has a very sensitive light sensor which gets damaged if flash is not used for low light shots...kindly take it to a service centre and the problem will be fixed free if under warranty...
vijeyprasanna, 12 Mar 2014Thanks for your reply. so,please tell me that which is the best one.If you are person who loves photography lumia 1020 is the answer to your questions but then again if you wants tons of application go for htc.mine has purple tint that's why i am very dissapointed with htc one.; If you are person who loves photography lumia 1020 is the answer to your questions but then again if you wants tons of application go for htc.mine has purple tint that's why i am very dissapointed with htc one.
best phone of the brand..in htc.; best phone of the brand..in htc.
When is Australia start rolling out their KitKat Update for HTC One? Cmon Ausie your too slow.; When is Australia start rolling out their KitKat Update for HTC One? Cmon Ausie your too slow.
Jack, 12 Mar 2014Base on my experience the Only Diffrence is in Applications you have so many to choose from An... moreThanks for your reply. so,please tell me that which is the best one.; Thanks for your reply. so,please tell me that which is the best one.
vijeyprasanna, 11 Mar 2014Lumia 1020 is better than HTC one? I know lumia 1020 camera is best. What about performance of... moreBase on my experience the Only Diffrence is in Applications you have so many to choose from Android. But i find most are are not useful at all.; Base on my experience the Only Diffrence is in Applications you have so many to choose from Android. But i find most are are not useful at all.
jack, 11 Mar 2014Nokia lumia 1020 u will not regret it mind blowing camera.i have both htc one n nokia lumia 10... moreLumia 1020 is better than HTC one? I know lumia 1020 camera is best. What about performance of lumia 1020? Windows is better than android? What about internet browsing in lumia 1020?; Lumia 1020 is better than HTC one? I know lumia 1020 camera is best. What about performance of lumia 1020? Windows is better than android? What about internet browsing in lumia 1020?
i buy new htc one phone .but i updating this phone android version 4.4.2 . bt this phone now restart and hang . pls help me .; i buy new htc one phone .but i updating this phone android version 4.4.2 . bt this phone now restart and hang . pls help me .
joseph86, 08 Mar 2014Htc one over s4 1.faster an more fluider performance due to very light ui.. 2.simple ,polish... morethanks for your view feedback, I am looking for a change from blackberry 9900 and i feel that android cud be experienced well thru HTC One...; thanks for your view feedback, I am looking for a change from blackberry 9900 and i feel that android cud be experienced well thru HTC One...
Dinna, 11 Mar 2014Guys Nokia Lumia 1520 or the HTC one ?........ confused on what to buy...Nokia lumia 1020 u will not regret it mind blowing camera.i have both htc one n nokia lumia 1020.i love lumia 1020 most.; Nokia lumia 1020 u will not regret it mind blowing camera.i have both htc one n nokia lumia 1020.i love lumia 1020 most.
Guys Nokia Lumia 1520 or the HTC one ?........ confused on what to buy...; Guys Nokia Lumia 1520 or the HTC one ?........ confused on what to buy...
Anybody here from Australia? Just asking if Kitkat update start rolling out there?; Anybody here from Australia? Just asking if Kitkat update start rolling out there?
Everything's spectacular...jst consumes hell lot of battery; Everything's spectacular...jst consumes hell lot of battery
JOHN T, 09 Mar 2014Where can I found this phone in NigeriaSlotlimited or buy London used; Slotlimited or buy London used
Ithere any one who used galaxy s4i9500 and HTC one both?
 Which one is batter?
 galaxy s4 hangs alot even i upgraded and did hard reset.
 How is its battery backup.; Ithere any one who used galaxy s4i9500 and HTC one both?; Which one is batter?; galaxy s4 hangs alot even i upgraded and did hard reset.; How is its battery backup.
vijeyprasanna, 10 Mar 2014Which brand earphones are best for HTC one?I want sounds with details. Pls tell me a best model.I'm currently using Urbanears. My pair of earphones are actually complimenting my phone quite well. :); I'm currently using Urbanears. My pair of earphones are actually complimenting my phone quite well. :)
vijeyprasanna, 10 Mar 2014Which brand earphones are best for HTC one?I want sounds with details. Pls tell me a best model.Dr. Dry; Dr. Dry
Which brand earphones are best for HTC one?I want sounds with details. Pls tell me a best model.; Which brand earphones are best for HTC one?I want sounds with details. Pls tell me a best model.
Walid Elsaid, 09 Mar 2014hello Manuver Please .. I want to know is the touch keys beneath the screen is supposed to g... moreI think because you on the power save mode..
 
 Try turn it off and see..; I think because you on the power save mode..; Try turn it off and see..
hello Manuver 
 Please .. I want to know is the touch keys beneath the screen is supposed to give vibrated when touched, 
 
 but it does not happen I adjust the settings, but these keys Do not give any feedback
 any solution ... Sorry for my bad English; hello Manuver; Please .. I want to know is the touch keys beneath the screen is supposed to give vibrated when touched,; but it does not happen I adjust the settings, but these keys Do not give any feedback; any solution ... Sorry for my bad English
Where can I buy a htc one in pretoria and a huawei fhone
 please answer fast; Where can I buy a htc one in pretoria and a huawei fhone; please answer fast
richard21, 09 Mar 2014HTC One or LG G2 which phone should i buy please help .. as both phones are costly i need to s... moreHtc one is the better...dont always go by specs...htc one with s600 is still as smooth and perhaps more smoother than lg g2...specs just make a phone..it doesnt make the phone..good...go for the htc one..u wont be dissapointed...u will really love the metal and sleeknesd..the sense ui is also excellent..htc one will also get sense 6.0 ... Within two months..that shud make the deal better...i have good experience of htc one..highly recommended; Htc one is the better...dont always go by specs...htc one with s600 is still as smooth and perhaps more smoother than lg g2...specs just make a phone..it doesnt make the phone..good...go for the htc one..u wont be dissapointed...u will really love the metal and sleeknesd..the sense ui is also excellent..htc one will also get sense 6.0 ... Within two months..that shud make the deal better...i have good experience of htc one..highly recommended
Where can I found this phone in Nigeria; Where can I found this phone in Nigeria
HTC One or LG G2 which phone should i buy please help .. as both phones are costly i need to select it cautiously as i need to use the phone for a long time , may be around 2 years ...; HTC One or LG G2 which phone should i buy please help .. as both phones are costly i need to select it cautiously as i need to use the phone for a long time , may be around 2 years ...
It is, Hands down, THE BEST phone available in the market today. Far better than the Dual core i5 piece of junk; It is, Hands down, THE BEST phone available in the market today. Far better than the Dual core i5 piece of junk
AbenHezryl, 07 Mar 2014i'm looking for a new handphone ... i am facing a problem in choosing this HTC ONE or the NOT... moreI have the HTC One as a personal phone for a year now and absolutely love it, smooth and no issues, IMO faultless. I have just received the Samsung Note 3 as my work phone, very disappointed... For a start it's far too big, secondly the ui is almost childish, no polish or useful things, it's like using something designed for babies.
 
 I just cannot get on with Samsung phones as they seem to put no thought in to their UIs.; I have the HTC One as a personal phone for a year now and absolutely love it, smooth and no issues, IMO faultless. I have just received the Samsung Note 3 as my work phone, very disappointed... For a start it's far too big, secondly the ui is almost childish, no polish or useful things, it's like using something designed for babies.; I just cannot get on with Samsung phones as they seem to put no thought in to their UIs.
Htc one over s4
 1.faster an more fluider performance due to very light ui..
 2.simple ,polished,neat,elegant,cleaner,lighter user interface(trust me use it and u will love it)
 3.awesome build materials and quality .. Also better looks
 4.awesome speakers .. They are PHENOMENAL...not only in loudness but in richness and quality
 5.if u are a gamer sort of guy the 32 gb internal can store more apps whereas on s4 apps cant be installed on sd card..
 6.better low light photography and video recording...
 7.software never lags... I found the ui of s4 touchwiz to lag and drop frame rates under heavy use or if the homw screen has widgets...gallery lags also
 8.better screen..slightly higher ppi... And also better viewing angles. And more accurate color representation bcoz of lcd screen ..amoled provide a bit warmer saturated color
 9.wider angle front lens which provide almost twice the width of photos ..also the the back camera has more width...
 ....s4 over one...
 1.better daylight photos under heavy zooming (but in normal daylight daylight there is no difference
 2.expansion of memory only for music movies
 3.removable battery
 4.too much feature packed but i found most of
 them gimmicky..smart pause doesnt work very well
 ....i found battery life of s4 slighly better though no big difference...and if u use smart pause nd gesture features of s4 battery life reduces like hell...also if u disable blinkfeed...the battery is better on htc one.....not one point is false..i have experienced both phones...both are good phones but decide on ur priorities..but my personal pick is htc one; Htc one over s4; 1.faster an more fluider performance due to very light ui..; 2.simple ,polished,neat,elegant,cleaner,lighter user interface(trust me use it and u will love it); 3.awesome build materials and quality .. Also better looks; 4.awesome speakers .. They are PHENOMENAL...not only in loudness but in richness and quality; 5.if u are a gamer sort of guy the 32 gb internal can store more apps whereas on s4 apps cant be installed on sd card..; 6.better low light photography and video recording...; 7.software never lags... I found the ui of s4 touchwiz to lag and drop frame rates under heavy use or if the homw screen has widgets...gallery lags also; 8.better screen..slightly higher ppi... And also better viewing angles. And more accurate color representation bcoz of lcd screen ..amoled provide a bit warmer saturated color; 9.wider angle front lens which provide almost twice the width of photos ..also the the back camera has more width...; ....s4 over one...; 1.better daylight photos under heavy zooming (but in normal daylight daylight there is no difference; 2.expansion of memory only for music movies; 3.removable battery; 4.too much feature packed but i found most of; them gimmicky..smart pause doesnt work very well; ....i found battery life of s4 slighly better though no big difference...and if u use smart pause nd gesture features of s4 battery life reduces like hell...also if u disable blinkfeed...the battery is better on htc one.....not one point is false..i have experienced both phones...both are good phones but decide on ur priorities..but my personal pick is htc one
Hw does this phone work? I have used two htc and they developed problems in d same way and i dont know this HTC ONE work. Pls i need a feed back; Hw does this phone work? I have used two htc and they developed problems in d same way and i dont know this HTC ONE work. Pls i need a feed back
AbenHezryl, 07 Mar 2014i'm looking for a new handphone ... i am facing a problem in choosing this HTC ONE or the NOT... morebuy samsung note 3 its better choice for you bcz htc one is old...samsung note 3 loaded a lot of new feature.; buy samsung note 3 its better choice for you bcz htc one is old...samsung note 3 loaded a lot of new feature.
vijeyprasanna, 07 Mar 2014Hai,what about Nokia lumia? Is that better than android phones?which model is best?Nokia Lumia 1020 Bro.camera is superb.; Nokia Lumia 1020 Bro.camera is superb.
Evangelist, 06 Mar 2014I bought my "HTC One Quality Brilliant" just 3 days ago, without user's manual, I am... moreGo to. Settings/Language and keyboard/HTC Sense input/Advanced. There uncheck the next word predictionand weird prediction options.; Go to. Settings/Language and keyboard/HTC Sense input/Advanced. There uncheck the next word predictionand weird prediction options.
i'm looking for a new handphone ...
 i am facing a problem in choosing this HTC ONE or the NOTE 3 ..
 which one is better?? can u give me a fast feedback ??; i'm looking for a new handphone ...; i am facing a problem in choosing this HTC ONE or the NOTE 3 ..; which one is better?? can u give me a fast feedback ??
Anonymous, 07 Mar 2014Don't buy any HTC phone bcoz they only sale phone after sale service is worst, accessories not... moreHai,what about Nokia lumia? Is that better than android phones?which model is best?; Hai,what about Nokia lumia? Is that better than android phones?which model is best?
Don't buy any HTC phone bcoz they only sale phone after sale service is worst, accessories not available in any service center just they says use and throw if anyone buys HTC phone just forget ur blood money worst company .....; Don't buy any HTC phone bcoz they only sale phone after sale service is worst, accessories not available in any service center just they says use and throw if anyone buys HTC phone just forget ur blood money worst company .....
no doubt HTC one is better than LG g2 and s4; no doubt HTC one is better than LG g2 and s4
Which one is better????
 Htc one or Lg G2....
 plz give me ans with details....; Which one is better????; Htc one or Lg G2....; plz give me ans with details....
whats the difference between 801s , 801a , 801n , 801a ??; whats the difference between 801s , 801a , 801n , 801a ??
I bought my "HTC One Quality Brilliant" just 3 days ago, without user's manual, I am finding it very difficult to type letters to save a contact or type text message. Can't the prediction text be changed to normal text or what do I do?; I bought my "HTC One Quality Brilliant" just 3 days ago, without user's manual, I am finding it very difficult to type letters to save a contact or type text message. Can't the prediction text be changed to normal text or what do I do?
DeservedWolf, 05 Mar 2014ok I have a question, I bought my HTC One 2 months ago, and then 2 weeks ago it died. Right be... moreMessage from HTC online support: "The current release of Android 4.4 (KitKat) software has been temporarily taken off line. As HTC are committed to quality and providing the best customer experience possible we made this decision. This is temporary, so please stay tuned over the next few days for a new release".; Message from HTC online support: "The current release of Android 4.4 (KitKat) software has been temporarily taken off line. As HTC are committed to quality and providing the best customer experience possible we made this decision. This is temporary, so please stay tuned over the next few days for a new release".
bluetooth pairing and sending problem; bluetooth pairing and sending problem
ok I have a question, I bought my HTC One 2 months ago, and then 2 weeks ago it died. Right before it died I updated Android to 4.4 KikKat. They now replaced it with a new HTC One, and it says "no update for your phone available"?? it runs on Android 4.3.... T-mobile Macedonia..any idea why this happened?; ok I have a question, I bought my HTC One 2 months ago, and then 2 weeks ago it died. Right before it died I updated Android to 4.4 KikKat. They now replaced it with a new HTC One, and it says "no update for your phone available"?? it runs on Android 4.3.... T-mobile Macedonia..any idea why this happened?
Hi.dear GSM.I just want to thank you for your true verdict about choosing HTC one as the best phone.I respect you for your neutrality and independece.As long as your top experts with the modern devices announce their verdict I have nothing more to add to it!I have changed my device in order to write faster without the intrusion of the troublesome makers!Thanks for your factwritings that some can,t see and have BLOCKED me!!!?I still defend you because of unexpectancy helps.Recently some fake gsms have been seen!Dear friends who want to select the best smartphone!HTC one in all quality dimmentions is the best.Thanks all+GSM.Good luck.; Hi.dear GSM.I just want to thank you for your true verdict about choosing HTC one as the best phone.I respect you for your neutrality and independece.As long as your top experts with the modern devices announce their verdict I have nothing more to add to it!I have changed my device in order to write faster without the intrusion of the troublesome makers!Thanks for your factwritings that some can,t see and have BLOCKED me!!!?I still defend you because of unexpectancy helps.Recently some fake gsms have been seen!Dear friends who want to select the best smartphone!HTC one in all quality dimmentions is the best.Thanks all+GSM.Good luck.
i intend to buy a new phone, htc one is better than s4 ?
 why?i need more information.pls; i intend to buy a new phone, htc one is better than s4 ?; why?i need more information.pls
can't wait to upgrade to the new handset ..still im not finished exploring mine yet but i hope to be amused again; can't wait to upgrade to the new handset ..still im not finished exploring mine yet but i hope to be amused again
vijeyprasanna, 05 Mar 2014Yes,I already tried it. flash images only not open. I think after update the flash player is r... morewhich browser are you using, stock browser or Google crome? Just try it from a different browser or just restart your phone.; which browser are you using, stock browser or Google crome? Just try it from a different browser or just restart your phone.
Techno J., 05 Mar 2014I don'n know which browser are you using. However, go to the settings of your browser and make... moreYes,I already tried it. flash images only not open. I think after update the flash player is removed. I could download a flash player via Google play. Pls help me.; Yes,I already tried it. flash images only not open. I think after update the flash player is removed. I could download a flash player via Google play. Pls help me.
Anonymous, 05 Mar 2014If you want excellent photos then it has to be xperia z1 or z1 compact. But if you want amazin... moreMy HTC Sensation is better! Also if I can compare with S3, also better.
 :( me=not like it even if I am an HTC fan...; My HTC Sensation is better! Also if I can compare with S3, also better.; :( me=not like it even if I am an HTC fan...
John , 16 Feb 2014whould some one help me choose between Sony Xperia Z1 or HTC One If you want excellent photos then it has to be xperia z1 or z1 compact. But if you want amazing sound and output then it has to be HTC One and overall screen is good one htc one.
 
 I just got the HTC One, whilst the music quality is mind lowly amazing I'm disappointed with the lack of detail of the 4 mega ultra pixel camera, my older HTC Sensation XE takes better photos 8mp, though slower in shutter speed.; If you want excellent photos then it has to be xperia z1 or z1 compact. But if you want amazing sound and output then it has to be HTC One and overall screen is good one htc one.; I just got the HTC One, whilst the music quality is mind lowly amazing I'm disappointed with the lack of detail of the 4 mega ultra pixel camera, my older HTC Sensation XE takes better photos 8mp, though slower in shutter speed.
vijeyprasanna, 03 Mar 2014I opened some websites. But some images did not open. There is some messages like:could'nt ope... moreI don'n know which browser are you using. However, go to the settings of your browser and make sure it's tick the show images option.; I don'n know which browser are you using. However, go to the settings of your browser and make sure it's tick the show images option.
John , 16 Feb 2014whould some one help me choose between Sony Xperia Z1 or HTC One If you want excellent photos then it has to be xperia z1 or z1 compact. But if you want amazing sound and output then it has to be HTC One.
 
 I just got the HTC One, whilst the music quality is mind lowly amazing I'm disappointed with the lack of detail of the 4 mega ultra pixel camera, my older HTC Sensation XE takes better photos 8mp, though slower in shutter speed.; If you want excellent photos then it has to be xperia z1 or z1 compact. But if you want amazing sound and output then it has to be HTC One.; I just got the HTC One, whilst the music quality is mind lowly amazing I'm disappointed with the lack of detail of the 4 mega ultra pixel camera, my older HTC Sensation XE takes better photos 8mp, though slower in shutter speed.
I'm still in 4.3 jelly bean and i ask about battery life after update to kit Kate. I hope the battery become good after kit Kate update; I'm still in 4.3 jelly bean and i ask about battery life after update to kit Kate. I hope the battery become good after kit Kate update
Any one in australia got the kitkat update already?; Any one in australia got the kitkat update already?
Fleshy, 03 Mar 2014Since I upgraded to the new Android 4.4, my battery life has been crap. Really not enjoying th... more* Don't use Blinkfeed.
 * Set the display brightness around 50%.
 * Switch off wifi & internet when you are not browsing internet. 
 
 Hope these tips will help you.; * Don't use Blinkfeed.; * Set the display brightness around 50%.; * Switch off wifi & internet when you are not browsing internet.; Hope these tips will help you.
Jack, 03 Mar 2014I bought an HTC One yesterday and have been having some issue with the wifi reception. I get f... moreRemove your back cover...and then check; Remove your back cover...and then check
choon916, 04 Mar 2014Quad-core will produce more heat.. especially with aluminium casing, you will feel it more.. i... moreHi choon916,
 
 thank you so much for the help!! atleast I don't have to worry anymore....; Hi choon916,; thank you so much for the help!! atleast I don't have to worry anymore....
nerwin, 03 Mar 2014hi everyone! I bought HTC one yesterday, I was really amazed with it. However, I noticed th... moreQuad-core will produce more heat.. especially with aluminium casing, you will feel it more.. its normal..; Quad-core will produce more heat.. especially with aluminium casing, you will feel it more.. its normal..
U must reset your router and see what is happening if not fix the problem u must make reset for the phone and i have HTC one and the wifi reception very strong; U must reset your router and see what is happening if not fix the problem u must make reset for the phone and i have HTC one and the wifi reception very strong
I bought an HTC One yesterday and have been having some issue with the wifi reception. I get full bars when I am sitting close to the router but the moment I go in the next room, reception drops to a single dot. My other device (Samsung S4) gets 3 bars there. Please help !; I bought an HTC One yesterday and have been having some issue with the wifi reception. I get full bars when I am sitting close to the router but the moment I go in the next room, reception drops to a single dot. My other device (Samsung S4) gets 3 bars there. Please help !
Since I upgraded to the new Android 4.4, my battery life has been crap. Really not enjoying the battery at the moment. What can be don pls?; Since I upgraded to the new Android 4.4, my battery life has been crap. Really not enjoying the battery at the moment. What can be don pls?
I opened some websites. But some images did not open. There is some messages like:could'nt open, plug ins not supported. I think after update the flash player removed.that's why it could not open. Pls help me how can I view that images? Pls help me friends. I tried with chrome, dolphin browser and internet explorer. What can I do? Pls help me.; I opened some websites. But some images did not open. There is some messages like:could'nt open, plug ins not supported. I think after update the flash player removed.that's why it could not open. Pls help me how can I view that images? Pls help me friends. I tried with chrome, dolphin browser and internet explorer. What can I do? Pls help me.
hi everyone!
 
 I bought HTC one yesterday, I was really amazed with it. However, I noticed that the phone is getting hotter if I use it for 30mins straight. I mean, it's metal casing is getting hot especially at the back portion. Could there be any problem with my phone? Is there anyone who experienced it also? What do you think is the best remedy for it? Appreciate the help. Thanks!; hi everyone!; I bought HTC one yesterday, I was really amazed with it. However, I noticed that the phone is getting hotter if I use it for 30mins straight. I mean, it's metal casing is getting hot especially at the back portion. Could there be any problem with my phone? Is there anyone who experienced it also? What do you think is the best remedy for it? Appreciate the help. Thanks!
Camera it's 4up(ultra pixel)(12mp); Camera it's 4up(ultra pixel)(12mp)
I am going to buy this HTC One Is it Really Good guys; I am going to buy this HTC One Is it Really Good guys
Does 4.4.2 update enables video calling ??; Does 4.4.2 update enables video calling ??
its good buy it u wont regret....
 better than nexus 5 and i phone 5; its good buy it u wont regret....; better than nexus 5 and i phone 5
those who want to know about camera...of htc 1
 ..camera is pretty good..focusibg is very fast...if u want to upload pics to social networking sites...than the camera is good enough...also pic size is small....photos in low light are awesome...in broad daylight...normal pics are good...but on heavy zooming...the detail gets a little smudgy...overall decent camera...but u will definitely like the premium designa nd build quality..abd the user interface; those who want to know about camera...of htc 1; ..camera is pretty good..focusibg is very fast...if u want to upload pics to social networking sites...than the camera is good enough...also pic size is small....photos in low light are awesome...in broad daylight...normal pics are good...but on heavy zooming...the detail gets a little smudgy...overall decent camera...but u will definitely like the premium designa nd build quality..abd the user interface
sufi, 02 Mar 2014i was just planning to buy htc one just help me out with some questions its htc one is better ... morehtc one is better than xperia z...xperia z speajers are very bad...bcoz if waterproof ciating...
 ..htc one over xperia z
 1.very much better speakers
 2.better processor..soc600 better than snaps4 pro
 3.better screen...wide angle viewing is better
 3.doest get heated up quick...
 4.metal build feels pore solid and premium
 5.better user interface...clraner elegant neat ui
 6.looks better...battery life equal
 ...xperia z over htc one
 1.better camera(though htc one camera better in low light and faster focusing)
 2.waterproof
 ......htc one better...also won the best smartphone award...; htc one is better than xperia z...xperia z speajers are very bad...bcoz if waterproof ciating...; ..htc one over xperia z; 1.very much better speakers; 2.better processor..soc600 better than snaps4 pro; 3.better screen...wide angle viewing is better; 3.doest get heated up quick...; 4.metal build feels pore solid and premium; 5.better user interface...clraner elegant neat ui; 6.looks better...battery life equal; ...xperia z over htc one; 1.better camera(though htc one camera better in low light and faster focusing); 2.waterproof; ......htc one better...also won the best smartphone award...
choon916, 01 Mar 2014Its a hardware issue which you have no other choices but to send back to HTC service centre to... moreBut I purchased it from UK nd I reside in india...dont think they will do this for me....thanks bdw; But I purchased it from UK nd I reside in india...dont think they will do this for me....thanks bdw
i was just planning to buy htc one just help me out with some questions its htc one is better than sony Z one; i was just planning to buy htc one just help me out with some questions its htc one is better than sony Z one
Still there is no 4.4.2 update in Middle East for HTC ONE; Still there is no 4.4.2 update in Middle East for HTC ONE
one for one year i love it and also love it more and more and more then when htc one 2014 come change it but only by a htc new one because onother phone,s are crap; one for one year i love it and also love it more and more and more then when htc one 2014 come change it but only by a htc new one because onother phone,s are crap
I need to ask about; 
 
 1. camera 
 
 2. Xperia Z, Z1 or HTC 1; I need to ask about;; 1. camera; 2. Xperia Z, Z1 or HTC 1
Rocky, 26 Feb 2014I'm a cellphone techie and not easily contented with performance and its looks.I've used diffe... moreWhat about the camera rocky????; What about the camera rocky????
Hi guys i have one question.
 
 When i installed upgrade to 4.4.2 after weak or two i begun to experience some isues with my display. On right side of display black lines appeard kinda like dead pixels and they are sometimes there and sometimes not it drives me crazy. Can this be software problem? Does anyone have the same problem?
 
 Thanks in advance.; Hi guys i have one question.; When i installed upgrade to 4.4.2 after weak or two i begun to experience some isues with my display. On right side of display black lines appeard kinda like dead pixels and they are sometimes there and sometimes not it drives me crazy. Can this be software problem? Does anyone have the same problem?; Thanks in advance.
anoop, 28 Feb 2014No doubts this is best phone..but I'm experiencing camera problm.pink tilts appear whenever I ... moreIts a hardware issue which you have no other choices but to send back to HTC service centre to solve it..
 
 But get ready that your phone will be stuck in the service centre for few weeks.. or month..; Its a hardware issue which you have no other choices but to send back to HTC service centre to solve it..; But get ready that your phone will be stuck in the service centre for few weeks.. or month..
HTC One(M7)Review After 4.4.2( KitKat Update):
 
 > Awesome Battery Life ( Much Better then anyother Kitkat Variants. Samsung, Nexus and Sony)
 > Snappier Speed No Lag At all ( Very Responsive)
 > Thanks to Sense 5.5 Perfect Design and UI
 > Add reminder to call Back After Call is Missed
 > Camera does performed well(only u need to add custom settings) Low Light has Noticeable improvement; HTC One(M7)Review After 4.4.2( KitKat Update):; > Awesome Battery Life ( Much Better then anyother Kitkat Variants. Samsung, Nexus and Sony); > Snappier Speed No Lag At all ( Very Responsive); > Thanks to Sense 5.5 Perfect Design and UI; > Add reminder to call Back After Call is Missed; > Camera does performed well(only u need to add custom settings) Low Light has Noticeable improvement
ok guys . thanks all. I own an htc one :D. but when I saw iPhone 5 it looks little bit smooth I think.. just asked your opinion. guys :); ok guys . thanks all. I own an htc one :D. but when I saw iPhone 5 it looks little bit smooth I think.. just asked your opinion. guys :)
JacK, 25 Feb 2014Yes you must go to our local service center for camera replacement, since our pink tint proble... moreThanks!; Thanks!
Anonymous, 27 Feb 2014g2 is acomplet phone what ever u like is present but when i got it in my hand i didnt like it ... moreI digress. I have tried the One, and I am using a G2 right now, and it is as smooth, if not more so, than the One was. So the G2 is better in this respect, as in all others.; I digress. I have tried the One, and I am using a G2 right now, and it is as smooth, if not more so, than the One was. So the G2 is better in this respect, as in all others.
Personally, I think HTC One is one of the most amazing phones in the market. I've been using it for a few months now and this slice of perfection seems to satisfy all my needs except for the video quality at dim light. So worth its prize, I found minimum lag and it's definitely better than the iPhone 5 (which btw doesn't even provide a Bluetooth option, one of the primary requirements in a phone). iPhone 5 may be classy but if you're smart you'd go for this Android beauty.; Personally, I think HTC One is one of the most amazing phones in the market. I've been using it for a few months now and this slice of perfection seems to satisfy all my needs except for the video quality at dim light. So worth its prize, I found minimum lag and it's definitely better than the iPhone 5 (which btw doesn't even provide a Bluetooth option, one of the primary requirements in a phone). iPhone 5 may be classy but if you're smart you'd go for this Android beauty.
htc one-excellent smartphone till yet in the market.nothing to compare this in respect of display/sound/screen touch/ etc etc.......superb & awesome handset.its bugatti in the smartphone market.; htc one-excellent smartphone till yet in the market.nothing to compare this in respect of display/sound/screen touch/ etc etc.......superb & awesome handset.its bugatti in the smartphone market.
Samzzz, 27 Feb 2014HTC ONE or IPhone 5 ?? which is better?Htc one is better....if u want android with clean elegant looks...very light ui...amazing looks...premium build...fast processor...4 ultra pixel is pretty good..awesome speakers...amazing screen..i own one...better than iphone 5..i had iphone 4s and note 2 and htc one...clearly htc one isbetter; Htc one is better....if u want android with clean elegant looks...very light ui...amazing looks...premium build...fast processor...4 ultra pixel is pretty good..awesome speakers...amazing screen..i own one...better than iphone 5..i had iphone 4s and note 2 and htc one...clearly htc one isbetter
No doubts this is best phone..but I'm experiencing camera problm.pink tilts appear whenever I take photos in dark light..anyone khnw how to get rid of this problem; No doubts this is best phone..but I'm experiencing camera problm.pink tilts appear whenever I take photos in dark light..anyone khnw how to get rid of this problem
Good phone, but the price is not good!!; Good phone, but the price is not good!!
kaushik, 26 Feb 2014i hv got 4.4.2 update. can any1 tell me shud i go for it cause i hv read a lot comments dat af... moreI have the update 4.4.2 on mine and it works great no problems yet but I recommend using the power manager; I have the update 4.4.2 on mine and it works great no problems yet but I recommend using the power manager
Samzzz, 27 Feb 2014HTC ONE or IPhone 5 ?? which is better?for sure htc one is better and the best phone I've ever seen.one works very smooth and you think it is a part of your body and works as your eyes. htc one is better in design,quality,bigger screen(4.7" vs iphone 4") the best speaker in mobiles.4 ultra pixel camera(each ultra equals 3.5 mega pixel),but iphone has map problem,battery issue and.... it's recommended you get htc one the best phone.; for sure htc one is better and the best phone I've ever seen.one works very smooth and you think it is a part of your body and works as your eyes. htc one is better in design,quality,bigger screen(4.7" vs iphone 4") the best speaker in mobiles.4 ultra pixel camera(each ultra equals 3.5 mega pixel),but iphone has map problem,battery issue and.... it's recommended you get htc one the best phone.
Samzzz, 27 Feb 2014HTC ONE or IPhone 5 ?? which is better?iphone 5 is better; iphone 5 is better
sadegh2687, 25 Feb 2014hi guys I'm ganna to buy this but Im in thought whit HTC ONE and LG G2.which one do u recommen... moreg2 is acomplet phone what ever u like is present but when i got it in my hand i didnt like it but when i saw htc one i found it very lovely.also as i have heard u wont have lag at all but g2 is not as good as one in case of speed; g2 is acomplet phone what ever u like is present but when i got it in my hand i didnt like it but when i saw htc one i found it very lovely.also as i have heard u wont have lag at all but g2 is not as good as one in case of speed
Samzzz, 27 Feb 2014HTC ONE or IPhone 5 ?? which is better?depends on if you prefer android or ios :)
 both are smooth phones, but i personally prefer the iphone as i have more experiance with it.
 
 the htc in comparrison is better for price, especially with the 32GB internal memory (minimum) compared to the iphone 16GB memory (minimum)
 
 ios is an easier os to understand, but you can do a lot more with an android ^^; depends on if you prefer android or ios :); both are smooth phones, but i personally prefer the iphone as i have more experiance with it.; the htc in comparrison is better for price, especially with the 32GB internal memory (minimum) compared to the iphone 16GB memory (minimum); ios is an easier os to understand, but you can do a lot more with an android ^^
HTC ONE or IPhone 5 ?? which is better?; HTC ONE or IPhone 5 ?? which is better?
What About the 4 MP Camera?
 What abt the comparison with Google Nexus 5?
 What About the customer care service?
 
 In General i have a Query shall i go for it?; What About the 4 MP Camera?; What abt the comparison with Google Nexus 5?; What About the customer care service?; In General i have a Query shall i go for it?
i hv got 4.4.2 update. can any1 tell me shud i go for it cause i hv read a lot comments dat aftr dis update sm prob r coming.......plz help me out; i hv got 4.4.2 update. can any1 tell me shud i go for it cause i hv read a lot comments dat aftr dis update sm prob r coming.......plz help me out
HTC one is best but but I am still wating for HTC one2; HTC one is best but but I am still wating for HTC one2
Htc one . Best smartphone of the year :)..proud owner..amazing phone . Good battery life amazing mind blowing speakers.. Very smooth interface very fast web browsing.good camera..very premium good build..awesomest phone i have ever bought..better than s4..but s4 is not bad...but htc one the best; Htc one . Best smartphone of the year :)..proud owner..amazing phone . Good battery life amazing mind blowing speakers.. Very smooth interface very fast web browsing.good camera..very premium good build..awesomest phone i have ever bought..better than s4..but s4 is not bad...but htc one the best
I'm a cellphone techie and not easily contented with performance and its looks.I've used different brands and keep on changing every 6 mos. The best I've used so far is the HTC One. No questions asked in terms of speed, battery, looks and durability. I'm still using it for 9 mos and not a single scratch. The performance is as good as when bought. Its worth the money.; I'm a cellphone techie and not easily contented with performance and its looks.I've used different brands and keep on changing every 6 mos. The best I've used so far is the HTC One. No questions asked in terms of speed, battery, looks and durability. I'm still using it for 9 mos and not a single scratch. The performance is as good as when bought. Its worth the money.
nexus5 or htc one which one is better ???; nexus5 or htc one which one is better ???
I am in dubai i got kitkat via internet pass through
 I updated from Pc..now looking is completely changed.
 speed is fast abd battery backup is also increased.
 
 I love my HTC ONE.............very very much it is also awarded phone hundred time better than Samsung galaxy s4; I am in dubai i got kitkat via internet pass through; I updated from Pc..now looking is completely changed.; speed is fast abd battery backup is also increased.; I love my HTC ONE.............very very much it is also awarded phone hundred time better than Samsung galaxy s4
aashish, 25 Feb 2014Battery back up worst. Battery drains with 3 hrs continuous browing. Don't ever buy Taiwanese... moreare you high? With browsing, my last at least 6 hours with LTE on.; are you high? With browsing, my last at least 6 hours with LTE on.
Iels2003, 25 Feb 2014Lg2g much better in every aspect , only loudspeaker on HTC is great and HTC One won the best mobile of the year. :); and HTC One won the best mobile of the year. :)
i just want to ask about the battery life .. does it need to recharge alot??; i just want to ask about the battery life .. does it need to recharge alot??
The godest god 
 Best of past year 
 I love my one 
 I love Htc 
 And also I buy one 2014
 Beauty quality design =htc; The godest god; Best of past year; I love my one; I love Htc; And also I buy one 2014; Beauty quality design =htc
Great phone to have just on the expensive side. I'll recommend HTC 501 (For better Interface) , Moto G (for exceptional things added ) & Sony phones for good Camera....; Great phone to have just on the expensive side. I'll recommend HTC 501 (For better Interface) , Moto G (for exceptional things added ) & Sony phones for good Camera....
sadegh2687, 25 Feb 2014hi guys I'm ganna to buy this but Im in thought whit HTC ONE and LG G2.which one do u recommen... moreLg2g much better in every aspect , only loudspeaker on HTC is great; Lg2g much better in every aspect , only loudspeaker on HTC is great
hi guys I'm ganna to buy this but Im in thought whit HTC ONE and LG G2.which one do u recommend????why????; hi guys I'm ganna to buy this but Im in thought whit HTC ONE and LG G2.which one do u recommend????why????
Battery back up worst. Battery drains with 3 hrs continuous browing. Don't ever buy Taiwanese products. Lost my 40000.; Battery back up worst. Battery drains with 3 hrs continuous browing. Don't ever buy Taiwanese products. Lost my 40000.
joseph86, 24 Feb 2014Very good phone..after kitkat update .. Phones performance and camera improved...novpurple tin... moreNo more purple tint? I thought it is a hardware problem? How can they resolve this with a software update?; No more purple tint? I thought it is a hardware problem? How can they resolve this with a software update?
kg, 25 Feb 2014Just got the kitkat thingy and there is still a purple tint but i think its not that obvious a... moreYes you must go to our local service center for camera replacement, since our pink tint problem is physical not a software issue. No amount of update should correct it. HTC will repair it for free since its their fault to released defective camera.; Yes you must go to our local service center for camera replacement, since our pink tint problem is physical not a software issue. No amount of update should correct it. HTC will repair it for free since its their fault to released defective camera.
Too bad experience with customer care of HTC at the time to need repair my HTC one .; Too bad experience with customer care of HTC at the time to need repair my HTC one .
noypi, 07 Feb 2014Philippines has started getting Kitkat 4.4.2 (4.20.707.6) 323.18mb Just got the kitkat thingy and there is still a purple tint but i think its not that obvious anymore. Anyway, do i really have to go to the service center? Will they replace/fix my phone? That's the only problem that i have with htc and it's kinda a major one.; Just got the kitkat thingy and there is still a purple tint but i think its not that obvious anymore. Anyway, do i really have to go to the service center? Will they replace/fix my phone? That's the only problem that i have with htc and it's kinda a major one.
cristiics, 24 Feb 20144.4.2 t-mobile in germany,download now.I just read your comment so I checked for software update and I'm downloading KitKat now ;) 
 thanks! :D
 
 factory unlocked HTC ONE - UK; I just read your comment so I checked for software update and I'm downloading KitKat now ;); thanks! :D; factory unlocked HTC ONE - UK
4.4.2 t-mobile in germany,download now.; 4.4.2 t-mobile in germany,download now.
Can I download Picasa and it would work on this phone?!; Can I download Picasa and it would work on this phone?!
Genghis Zeyneli, 24 Feb 2014Can you imagine today they rolled back the Kitkat version to Jelly Bean...no comment...What does that mean?; What does that mean?
eternal21391, 24 Feb 2014I have 17gb of free spaceI think your issue is caused by the internet. Ensure that when downloading the update, your connection should be solid, not intermittent. (but on the other hand, i also believe that the download is caching, so even if you "lost" the internet, it will still continue the last packet of its download), so try to close all applications first, by double tapping the home button and flicking those "waiting" applicaions; I think your issue is caused by the internet. Ensure that when downloading the update, your connection should be solid, not intermittent. (but on the other hand, i also believe that the download is caching, so even if you "lost" the internet, it will still continue the last packet of its download), so try to close all applications first, by double tapping the home button and flicking those "waiting" applicaions
This the best smartphone in the market of 2013. The aluminium premium body, the excellent boomsound speakers, the Sense experience it truly great. It's been one year with this great smartphone and I will not let it go. For sure, the new update make the phone more quickly, accessible and truly amazing. The new phones that are coming in with the Snapdragon 800 and 2.2 or 2.3 Ghz are not a solution for a change. That's why HTC is here for the change.; This the best smartphone in the market of 2013. The aluminium premium body, the excellent boomsound speakers, the Sense experience it truly great. It's been one year with this great smartphone and I will not let it go. For sure, the new update make the phone more quickly, accessible and truly amazing. The new phones that are coming in with the Snapdragon 800 and 2.2 or 2.3 Ghz are not a solution for a change. That's why HTC is here for the change.
Panzerchuks, 24 Feb 2014Do you have enough storage space? If your phone is almost full delete some stuff and then retry!I have 17gb of free space; I have 17gb of free space
Can you imagine today they rolled back the Kitkat version to Jelly Bean...no comment...; Can you imagine today they rolled back the Kitkat version to Jelly Bean...no comment...
Very good phone..after kitkat update .. Phones performance and camera improved...novpurple tints or issues...excellent build..aluminium unibody and champhered edges...absolutely screams premium in ur face...blistering quick ui..htc zoe is awesome...speakers are the best in the class with dual amplified front firing speakers...highly recommended...9.5/; Very good phone..after kitkat update .. Phones performance and camera improved...novpurple tints or issues...excellent build..aluminium unibody and champhered edges...absolutely screams premium in ur face...blistering quick ui..htc zoe is awesome...speakers are the best in the class with dual amplified front firing speakers...highly recommended...9.5/
eternal21391, 23 Feb 2014I am trying to update my HTC One to 4.4.2 but the download stops saying "system update do... moreDo you have enough storage space?
 If your phone is almost full delete some stuff and then retry!; Do you have enough storage space?; If your phone is almost full delete some stuff and then retry!
nice mobile; nice mobile
rahul, 23 Feb 2014use only wi-fican u please tell me the whole process? I did not understand it. Is it a custom ROM?; can u please tell me the whole process? I did not understand it. Is it a custom ROM?
friend.evil11, 23 Feb 2014an update Sorry thought you were still at 4.1.2, this won't work... try doing a factory reset and try to download again if it keeps giving failure on a constant network; Sorry thought you were still at 4.1.2, this won't work... try doing a factory reset and try to download again if it keeps giving failure on a constant network
Maca, 19 Feb 2014Xperia z1 is better than HTC One because they have a better camera, and water proof mobile phone.Yes man i agree the z1 is many times better then hthe one i bourgth my one last spring and everything was fine but after updating to 4.4.2 kitkat the battery drains very fast i switch blinkfield and al apps which drains the battery i hav nt ifen insert a simcard but still the battery drains very fast when i compaire it with my z1 which runs 4.3 i can manage almost 2 and half days with one charge . I think the last update was terrible htc did a very bad jobb here hope they fix that becourse i cant sale a phone with a bad batterylife i will never buy htc phone again sony is a alot better then htc this company is on the way down whatever they bring to the table it wont work; Yes man i agree the z1 is many times better then hthe one i bourgth my one last spring and everything was fine but after updating to 4.4.2 kitkat the battery drains very fast i switch blinkfield and al apps which drains the battery i hav nt ifen insert a simcard but still the battery drains very fast when i compaire it with my z1 which runs 4.3 i can manage almost 2 and half days with one charge . I think the last update was terrible htc did a very bad jobb here hope they fix that becourse i cant sale a phone with a bad batterylife i will never buy htc phone again sony is a alot better then htc this company is on the way down whatever they bring to the table it wont work
eternal21391, 23 Feb 2014I am trying to update my HTC One to 4.4.2 but the download stops saying "system update do... moreuse only wi-fi; use only wi-fi
eternal21391, 23 Feb 2014what is this?an update; an update
[deleted post]what is this?; what is this?
I am trying to update my HTC One to 4.4.2 but the download stops saying "system update download unsuccessful" Please help i'm on 4.3; I am trying to update my HTC One to 4.4.2 but the download stops saying "system update download unsuccessful" Please help i'm on 4.3
Hi m in Ghana and bought HTC one 801e. It has jelly bean 4.1.2 n I want to upgrade to kitkat. When I try upgrading it says I have the latest software. Can anyone Show me what to do? M desperate; Hi m in Ghana and bought HTC one 801e. It has jelly bean 4.1.2 n I want to upgrade to kitkat. When I try upgrading it says I have the latest software. Can anyone Show me what to do? M desperate
I am trying to update my HTC One to 4.4.2 but the download stops saying "system update download unsuccessful" Please help i'm on 4.3; I am trying to update my HTC One to 4.4.2 but the download stops saying "system update download unsuccessful" Please help i'm on 4.3
JANE, 22 Feb 2014Fed of Noika and samsung ....HTC ONE is great change and phone features are better than samsung s4it,s greatest phone so lovely; it,s greatest phone so lovely
Anonymous, 21 Feb 2014i also face the problem even without upgrading to kitkatIt's a camera hardware problem and it is universal, the problem starts with that. go to a service center they will change the camera and give. But i don't think the problem will stop with that. Even i'm having the same problem also my headphone jack does not work at all. :( Ina dilemma whether to give for a service and get it fixed or to sell it and buy something quiet reliable.; It's a camera hardware problem and it is universal, the problem starts with that. go to a service center they will change the camera and give. But i don't think the problem will stop with that. Even i'm having the same problem also my headphone jack does not work at all. :( Ina dilemma whether to give for a service and get it fixed or to sell it and buy something quiet reliable.
Fed of Noika and samsung ....HTC ONE is great change and phone features are better than samsung s4; Fed of Noika and samsung ....HTC ONE is great change and phone features are better than samsung s4
After iphone 5s the best phone would be HTC ONE; After iphone 5s the best phone would be HTC ONE
Adi, 21 Feb 2014Htc one is a great phone --- did anyone of you liked the concepts of htc one 2 so far? Hi I remember When frist Picture of Htc one get out every one think it's ugly but latter all of them love it 
 Now one 2 Come I like it So much and change my one to one 2 
 Great Htc; Hi I remember When frist Picture of Htc one get out every one think it's ugly but latter all of them love it; Now one 2 Come I like it So much and change my one to one 2; Great Htc
Htc one is a great phone --- did anyone of you liked the concepts of htc one 2 so far?; Htc one is a great phone --- did anyone of you liked the concepts of htc one 2 so far?
Anonymous, 20 Feb 2014after the kit kat update. The camera has pink color all over the screen. WTFi also face the problem even without upgrading to kitkat; i also face the problem even without upgrading to kitkat
Can anyone tell me about download kit kat in middel east ... I'm waiting it untill now; Can anyone tell me about download kit kat in middel east ... I'm waiting it untill now
most lovely phone; most lovely phone
after the kit kat update. The camera has pink color all over the screen. WTF; after the kit kat update. The camera has pink color all over the screen. WTF
It's HTC from motorola?; It's HTC from motorola?
Emmauel, 19 Feb 2014Please I have been using my HTC one for sometime now but whenever I open the play store it clo... moreHave you tried reformatting your phone?; Have you tried reformatting your phone?
Please I have been using my HTC one for sometime now but whenever I open the play store it closed itsself so due to that I can't open it to download any application so help me so I will know what to do..; Please I have been using my HTC one for sometime now but whenever I open the play store it closed itsself so due to that I can't open it to download any application so help me so I will know what to do..
I love this phone completely though the last update is just annoying to piss hell with the changes to gallery and to sending files. It had simple, easy to sort and be organized folders at rows of two across, three down on the screen originally where the folder name was very easy to read and the images inside were rows of four across. It's updated for style over function and organization to overly large bars where if the last image had a white section was IMPOSSIBLE to read the folder name and rows of three images. It's just aneeded change that is set for style over function.; I love this phone completely though the last update is just annoying to piss hell with the changes to gallery and to sending files. It had simple, easy to sort and be organized folders at rows of two across, three down on the screen originally where the folder name was very easy to read and the images inside were rows of four across. It's updated for style over function and organization to overly large bars where if the last image had a white section was IMPOSSIBLE to read the folder name and rows of three images. It's just aneeded change that is set for style over function.
got the kitkat update in india from the service center last week in delhi.and fone is working fine till now.no problem till now; got the kitkat update in india from the service center last week in delhi.and fone is working fine till now.no problem till now
the best and most amazing phone in the world....absolutely amazing...the speakers provide excellent sound..the processor is slick and fast...elegant user interface...stunning looks and build...looks as a luxury phone...htc nailed this phone....highly recommended and i have the dual sim version ... dual sim works perfect no problems on both sims; the best and most amazing phone in the world....absolutely amazing...the speakers provide excellent sound..the processor is slick and fast...elegant user interface...stunning looks and build...looks as a luxury phone...htc nailed this phone....highly recommended and i have the dual sim version ... dual sim works perfect no problems on both sims
Got this phone on November went back to Target only bcos manager promise to give me free headphone and faceplate. Daaaa...not only he didn't give me what was promise he gave me open box phone. I tried to come back to the same person after about 1 week tried to tell him something is wrong with the phone he promise phone is new and nothing wrong with it. Now the problem is cathing up on me. Not only it freezes on me when trying to go facebook, google, or dialing, it takes a couple of times to touch home again to go back to where you started. WIFI IS A BIG Problem like everyone else is having, tried to call HTC they screwed up my phone even more. HTC Rep, was rude, yelling on the phone constantly, being sarcastic, and doesn't know what his talking about, after telling him that I do not want to wipe out everything I have on the phone because it has all video and pictures of my children, he goes and put my phone on safe mode and tell me "ok we gonna start from scracth and wipe your phone out" what part of my english does this guy did not understand? I'm so mad, called the manager right away that gave me this phone. I will not take this damm phone back all they gonna do is plug it in a computer reader to findout what is wrong with it, if nothing shows, they will not even try to fix it return it to the store and return it right back at you. So why should I take this phone back again, when obviously programming is a problem on this shit phone.; Got this phone on November went back to Target only bcos manager promise to give me free headphone and faceplate. Daaaa...not only he didn't give me what was promise he gave me open box phone. I tried to come back to the same person after about 1 week tried to tell him something is wrong with the phone he promise phone is new and nothing wrong with it. Now the problem is cathing up on me. Not only it freezes on me when trying to go facebook, google, or dialing, it takes a couple of times to touch home again to go back to where you started. WIFI IS A BIG Problem like everyone else is having, tried to call HTC they screwed up my phone even more. HTC Rep, was rude, yelling on the phone constantly, being sarcastic, and doesn't know what his talking about, after telling him that I do not want to wipe out everything I have on the phone because it has all video and pictures of my children, he goes and put my phone on safe mode and tell me "ok we gonna start from scracth and wipe your phone out" what part of my english does this guy did not understand? I'm so mad, called the manager right away that gave me this phone. I will not take this damm phone back all they gonna do is plug it in a computer reader to findout what is wrong with it, if nothing shows, they will not even try to fix it return it to the store and return it right back at you. So why should I take this phone back again, when obviously programming is a problem on this shit phone.
...and now I will buy other brand with perfect hardware not like this.
 
 Next time Do not buy defective phone and do not depend in warranty in short be smart.; ...and now I will buy other brand with perfect hardware not like this.; Next time Do not buy defective phone and do not depend in warranty in short be smart.
John , 16 Feb 2014whould some one help me choose between Sony Xperia Z1 or HTC One Xperia z1 is better than HTC One because they have a better camera, and water proof mobile phone.; Xperia z1 is better than HTC One because they have a better camera, and water proof mobile phone.
Anonymous, 18 Feb 2014is this dual sim or triple sim phone-:) -:); -:) -:)
choon916, 17 Feb 2014Kitkat is available OTA now but i read from Facebook many users facing WIFI connection problem... moreTo fix Wi-fi problem on 4.4.2 android you have to rename Wi-fi direct device name.
 
 To do that you have to go
 wifi - then 3 dots - wifi direct - 3 dots - rename device - HTC One.; To fix Wi-fi problem on 4.4.2 android you have to rename Wi-fi direct device name.; To do that you have to go; wifi - then 3 dots - wifi direct - 3 dots - rename device - HTC One.
pol, 18 Feb 2014Are you also experiencing the pink tint camera problem? Did you send it to the htc ph service ... moreit takes almost 20 days to change the module camera bro....
 
 mine take 20 days to change the camera module now i m very happy and inow i m waited for kit kat update ....; it takes almost 20 days to change the module camera bro....; mine take 20 days to change the camera module now i m very happy and inow i m waited for kit kat update ....
is this dual sim or triple sim phone; is this dual sim or triple sim phone
how do you get into htc manager? i can't find it on mmy htc one. i want to transfer the backup from my iPhone 5s; how do you get into htc manager? i can't find it on mmy htc one. i want to transfer the backup from my iPhone 5s
noypi, 07 Feb 2014Philippines has started getting Kitkat 4.4.2 (4.20.707.6) 323.18mb Are you also experiencing the pink tint camera problem? Did you send it to the htc ph service center for repair? How long did it take? @noypi; Are you also experiencing the pink tint camera problem? Did you send it to the htc ph service center for repair? How long did it take? @noypi
I own HTC One from almost a year and I din't have any problems with it , no purple tint camera , no signal lost no nothing . I have the 4.4.2 instaled and it work perfct no problems with the wifi or others . I guess it is luck . I am waiting for HTC One 2 to see if it will be incredible as HTC One was .; I own HTC One from almost a year and I din't have any problems with it , no purple tint camera , no signal lost no nothing . I have the 4.4.2 instaled and it work perfct no problems with the wifi or others . I guess it is luck . I am waiting for HTC One 2 to see if it will be incredible as HTC One was .
John , 16 Feb 2014whould some one help me choose between Sony Xperia Z1 or HTC One Get HTC One. Xperia Z1 has overheating issues and the TFT display is crap considered to LCD3.
 Display tech makes a BIG BIG difference in everyday use.; Get HTC One. Xperia Z1 has overheating issues and the TFT display is crap considered to LCD3.; Display tech makes a BIG BIG difference in everyday use.
Firebiker, 17 Feb 2014@choon916 do u receive the kit kat update.... if yes then howz us the update... could... moreKitkat is available OTA now but i read from Facebook many users facing WIFI connection problem after update..
 
 So i decided to hold on & see whether got any solution for that..; Kitkat is available OTA now but i read from Facebook many users facing WIFI connection problem after update..; So i decided to hold on & see whether got any solution for that..
choon916, 17 Feb 2014Yup, same happened to me.. HTC service centre took 3 weeks to repair mine & now i'm a h... more@choon916
 
 do u receive the kit kat update....
 
 if yes then howz us the update...
 
 could you face any problem after update...; @choon916; do u receive the kit kat update....; if yes then howz us the update...; could you face any problem after update...
Firebiker, 17 Feb 2014its a hardware fault bro..just give back your mobile to service centre and they will replace y... moreYup, same happened to me..
 
 HTC service centre took 3 weeks to repair mine & now i'm a happy HTC One user again..
 
 Amazing screen, top quality sound, snappy & stable UI.. HTC One definitely is a awesome device! Thanks HTC!; Yup, same happened to me..; HTC service centre took 3 weeks to repair mine & now i'm a happy HTC One user again..; Amazing screen, top quality sound, snappy & stable UI.. HTC One definitely is a awesome device! Thanks HTC!
The best eveeer; The best eveeer
Still no 4.4.2 Update in BAHRAIN Does anyone now the date; Still no 4.4.2 Update in BAHRAIN Does anyone now the date
waisi, 17 Feb 2014I just got HTC One. Its simply awesome. Only problem I am facing is with Camera Purple Tint. ... moreits a hardware fault bro..just give back your mobile to service centre and they will replace your camera its a hardware fault not software....
 
 i also give back to the service centre and after 20 days they return to me with the new camera module......; its a hardware fault bro..just give back your mobile to service centre and they will replace your camera its a hardware fault not software....; i also give back to the service centre and after 20 days they return to me with the new camera module......
John , 16 Feb 2014whould some one help me choose between Sony Xperia Z1 or HTC One htc1 better all round; htc1 better all round
I just got HTC One. Its simply awesome.
 Only problem I am facing is with Camera Purple Tint. Any way to get rid of this issue? Please help.; I just got HTC One. Its simply awesome.; Only problem I am facing is with Camera Purple Tint. Any way to get rid of this issue? Please help.
The truth is that I am disappointed With this phone, I have been using this phone for like 8 months now but I am now regretting why I spent my money buying it. First of all, it was the pink colour background of the camera, now the speakers are blown out, I don't know where to start. The bottom line of everything is that I have put it up for sale and I am going back to Nokia. Good luck HTC one; The truth is that I am disappointed With this phone, I have been using this phone for like 8 months now but I am now regretting why I spent my money buying it. First of all, it was the pink colour background of the camera, now the speakers are blown out, I don't know where to start. The bottom line of everything is that I have put it up for sale and I am going back to Nokia. Good luck HTC one
lovely handset.its a machine,love to have one soon.; lovely handset.its a machine,love to have one soon.
whould some one help me choose between Sony Xperia Z1 or HTC One; whould some one help me choose between Sony Xperia Z1 or HTC One
guys after updating to 4.4.2 in htc one is some body can face the wifi problem or any other problem.....
 
 Wi-Fi network unavailable........; guys after updating to 4.4.2 in htc one is some body can face the wifi problem or any other problem.....; Wi-Fi network unavailable........
just updated to 4.4.2 in india..no change in GUI only upper bar is white now.performance increased.just remember to factory reset your phone before and after updating if you want good battery backup and performance.; just updated to 4.4.2 in india..no change in GUI only upper bar is white now.performance increased.just remember to factory reset your phone before and after updating if you want good battery backup and performance.
Chris l, 15 Feb 2014I really need your honest opinions. I keep hearing the HTC one overheats, and has a short bat... morewrong info..I am using this device since 7 months..before using this device i used nexus 4 samsung galaxy 1,2,3,4.galaxy 4 heats like hell.and battery draining in few hours.htc one never heats if you use net chating mail etc.if you play games over 2 hours then and then only it heats.battery backup is very very good among all android devices which are currently in market..battery last 1 and half day to 2 days on normal usages..; wrong info..I am using this device since 7 months..before using this device i used nexus 4 samsung galaxy 1,2,3,4.galaxy 4 heats like hell.and battery draining in few hours.htc one never heats if you use net chating mail etc.if you play games over 2 hours then and then only it heats.battery backup is very very good among all android devices which are currently in market..battery last 1 and half day to 2 days on normal usages..
Still no kitkat for HTC ONE in middle east......still waiting..........any news about releasing date in dubai; Still no kitkat for HTC ONE in middle east......still waiting..........any news about releasing date in dubai
la niga, 15 Feb 2014Please does htc one come with android 4.1.1 or 4.1.2 or 4.3. I am confused because i read onli... morehtc might come with 4.1 but 4.3 was real eased a while ago sprint and verizon have 4.4.2 so after setting it up one could update to current 4.4.2; htc might come with 4.1 but 4.3 was real eased a while ago sprint and verizon have 4.4.2 so after setting it up one could update to current 4.4.2
I'm using HTC One form 45 days...my experience with this phone till now is great. I do love its design and touch and feel (just gorgeous), everything works fine.It has even updated to KitKat 4.4.2 which i think made it even better and released more free RAM. Anyway, I just hope it had another more effective lock/unlock screen key on the sides, the purple tint issue in the camera tends to be present, its camera in general could be better (when zooming you notice that 4 mp ultrapixels are not enough), it consumes a lot of data and I still need to know how can I make videocalling with this phone?! Conluding, if not perfect, this phone is close to it!!!; I'm using HTC One form 45 days...my experience with this phone till now is great. I do love its design and touch and feel (just gorgeous), everything works fine.It has even updated to KitKat 4.4.2 which i think made it even better and released more free RAM. Anyway, I just hope it had another more effective lock/unlock screen key on the sides, the purple tint issue in the camera tends to be present, its camera in general could be better (when zooming you notice that 4 mp ultrapixels are not enough), it consumes a lot of data and I still need to know how can I make videocalling with this phone?! Conluding, if not perfect, this phone is close to it!!!
la niga, 15 Feb 2014Please does htc one come with android 4.1.1 or 4.1.2 or 4.3. I am confused because i read onli... moreWell, I bought this phone from 45 days,Htc one 16 gb made for Asia, but I'm using it in Europe. It came with Android $.3 and Sense 5.5. From one week now, it received KitKat 4.4.2. Everything is fine till now.; Well, I bought this phone from 45 days,Htc one 16 gb made for Asia, but I'm using it in Europe. It came with Android $.3 and Sense 5.5. From one week now, it received KitKat 4.4.2. Everything is fine till now.
this is my love best in word; this is my love best in word
Please does htc one come with android 4.1.1 or 4.1.2 or 4.3. I am confused because i read online that htc one comes with android 4.1 and some other sites say 4.3.
 
 Which one is right?; Please does htc one come with android 4.1.1 or 4.1.2 or 4.3. I am confused because i read online that htc one comes with android 4.1 and some other sites say 4.3.; Which one is right?
Anonymous, 14 Feb 2014i want to know whether Htc One ( Single sim ) is 4G enabled or not to work on 2100/1800 MHZ .??Hello friend, how are you?I waited for your reply. after update that battery logo & beats audio logo appear in white color. before update that logos are green & red. What about it on your phone after update?; Hello friend, how are you?I waited for your reply. after update that battery logo & beats audio logo appear in white color. before update that logos are green & red. What about it on your phone after update?
Chris l, 15 Feb 2014I really need your honest opinions. I keep hearing the HTC one overheats, and has a short bat... moreMine does not overheat. The battery, in my opinion, seems about the same as my recent iPhone 5S. Not the best; not a total disaster.; Mine does not overheat. The battery, in my opinion, seems about the same as my recent iPhone 5S. Not the best; not a total disaster.
Chris l, 15 Feb 2014I really need your honest opinions. I keep hearing the HTC one overheats, and has a short bat... moreIts a good phone.. if you continuously play games or watch videos or use 3G then the battery lasts about half a day. but regular use , intermittent 3G etc can last upto 30 hrs. THe phone overheats when u use 3G continuously , but this is a problem with all smart phones. only issue Ive found is that many HTC ones have a pink glow when taking pictures in the dark . But apparently this is a free fix under warranty. Also maybe one more hardware button on the side for screen lock instead of on top would make it ergonomic like S4 and others. Else it is a brilliant phone and I dont regret buying one (after 7 months); Its a good phone.. if you continuously play games or watch videos or use 3G then the battery lasts about half a day. but regular use , intermittent 3G etc can last upto 30 hrs. THe phone overheats when u use 3G continuously , but this is a problem with all smart phones. only issue Ive found is that many HTC ones have a pink glow when taking pictures in the dark . But apparently this is a free fix under warranty. Also maybe one more hardware button on the side for screen lock instead of on top would make it ergonomic like S4 and others. Else it is a brilliant phone and I dont regret buying one (after 7 months)
I really need your honest opinions. I keep hearing the HTC one overheats, and has a short battery life. Is this true? I can't stand having the battery always empty. Let me know. I really appreciate your feedback.; I really need your honest opinions. I keep hearing the HTC one overheats, and has a short battery life. Is this true? I can't stand having the battery always empty. Let me know. I really appreciate your feedback.
i want to know whether Htc One ( Single sim ) is 4G enabled or not to work on 2100/1800 MHZ .??; i want to know whether Htc One ( Single sim ) is 4G enabled or not to work on 2100/1800 MHZ .??
hey guy's i updated my HTC to 4.4.2 kit kat and changes what i found in my phone is its:
 
 1:phone is bit faster than before
 2:When you go to setting you will find a option called Printing.
 3:when you go to music and start listning to songs scroll towards left you will go to visualizer, in that you will get karaoke for the song you are currently listining to.
 4:Phone is getting charged quickley.
 5:If you r using Twitter you wil find people information in phone book.
 6:A bit improvement in camera in low light.; hey guy's i updated my HTC to 4.4.2 kit kat and changes what i found in my phone is its:; 1:phone is bit faster than before; 2:When you go to setting you will find a option called Printing.; 3:when you go to music and start listning to songs scroll towards left you will go to visualizer, in that you will get karaoke for the song you are currently listining to.; 4:Phone is getting charged quickley.; 5:If you r using Twitter you wil find people information in phone book.; 6:A bit improvement in camera in low light.
Stores say single sim version of this phone has been discontinued; Stores say single sim version of this phone has been discontinued
Should I update to 4.4.2 or stick 4,3.? 
 Has any bug fixes 4.4.2? & 
 What is the main benefits new update
 Please help; Should I update to 4.4.2 or stick 4,3.?; Has any bug fixes 4.4.2? &; What is the main benefits new update; Please help
Guys I have a little problem with my One, sometimes after I disconnect wi-fi connection and turn on data, it won't connect. I have to restart my phone in order to get data connection working ! having this problem with 4.3 and now with 4.4 . Any ideea, any solution? Please help !; Guys I have a little problem with my One, sometimes after I disconnect wi-fi connection and turn on data, it won't connect. I have to restart my phone in order to get data connection working ! having this problem with 4.3 and now with 4.4 . Any ideea, any solution? Please help !
Aiken, 13 Feb 2014Should i buy the htc one for US$353 now in february? or wait for htc m8 to come out? just wait htc m8 instead HTC One; just wait htc m8 instead HTC One
Aiken, 13 Feb 2014Should i buy the htc one for US$353 now in february? or wait for htc m8 to come out? In the space of eleven months using HTC One I can boldly say it brought contentment and blissfulness to my social life. I recommend it; In the space of eleven months using HTC One I can boldly say it brought contentment and blissfulness to my social life. I recommend it
Should i buy the htc one for US$353 now in february? or wait for htc m8 to come out?; Should i buy the htc one for US$353 now in february? or wait for htc m8 to come out?
sajz, 12 Feb 2014htc one. just loving it. its has brilliant quality. exterior design is also remarkable. it h... morecorning gorilla glass is most popular to all smartphone not only htc one and do not rely in your own words to build up the brand, you can explore and read the other issue or concern to other people before to put it into the top because there so many people read these all comments and some people need help to decide what smartphone phone's best.; corning gorilla glass is most popular to all smartphone not only htc one and do not rely in your own words to build up the brand, you can explore and read the other issue or concern to other people before to put it into the top because there so many people read these all comments and some people need help to decide what smartphone phone's best.
click here http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7tBZInwOOds; click here
htc one.
 just loving it. its has brilliant quality. exterior design is also remarkable.
 it has great sound quality. gorilla glass.... long time battery charge.
 AND htc one is the best cell phone in 2013 as it announced. thanks htc. go ahead.; htc one.; just loving it. its has brilliant quality. exterior design is also remarkable.; it has great sound quality. gorilla glass.... long time battery charge.; AND htc one is the best cell phone in 2013 as it announced. thanks htc. go ahead.
MONIL, 12 Feb 2014sorry folks but this device doesn't have the bestest headphone sound quality... it's nowhere ... moreWhere is N9 in the market? HTC One was the best phone of the year in 2013. So deal with it; Where is N9 in the market? HTC One was the best phone of the year in 2013. So deal with it
sorry folks but this device doesn't have the bestest headphone sound quality...
 it's nowhere near nokia n9's dolby headphones...
 yes it's extremly loud and clear but it's not pleasurable to listen u can't take it for more then 2 or 3 songs...
 if u r a true music fan i highly recommend u to buy an n9 it's sound is like u r sitting in heaven and enjoying music, believe me i can listen it all day long gapless.....if my mom doesen't create a scene... -;; sorry folks but this device doesn't have the bestest headphone sound quality...; it's nowhere near nokia n9's dolby headphones...; yes it's extremly loud and clear but it's not pleasurable to listen u can't take it for more then 2 or 3 songs...; if u r a true music fan i highly recommend u to buy an n9 it's sound is like u r sitting in heaven and enjoying music, believe me i can listen it all day long gapless.....if my mom doesen't create a scene... -;
There's proof that the HTC one is the best,it's being followed by the next iteration,which closely resembles the original.; There's proof that the HTC one is the best,it's being followed by the next iteration,which closely resembles the original.
Maca, 12 Feb 2014Do not complain just simple switch your mobile phone to another smartphone with less issue rat... moreHow can you say that i am using it and my friends have it too and no issues there and not even any reviewer said about it so please dont abuse the htc one because i havnt seen best to date yet; How can you say that i am using it and my friends have it too and no issues there and not even any reviewer said about it so please dont abuse the htc one because i havnt seen best to date yet
Do not complain just simple switch your mobile phone to another smartphone with less issue rather than htc; Do not complain just simple switch your mobile phone to another smartphone with less issue rather than htc
difnry, 11 Feb 2014what about the camera issues on htc one? have anyone fix this issue or have alternative way to... moreThe only to fix the camera is replace the new one from htc service center; The only to fix the camera is replace the new one from htc service center
No error or bugs in my phone no tint whatsoever..phone is great beautiful ui interface and no matter what galaxy or iphone introduce i will buy the one and only htc flagship..and for the haters i was not a fan of htc before now i like sony and htc both companies doing the great things good job; No error or bugs in my phone no tint whatsoever..phone is great beautiful ui interface and no matter what galaxy or iphone introduce i will buy the one and only htc flagship..and for the haters i was not a fan of htc before now i like sony and htc both companies doing the great things good job
There is not a single problem on my htc one and trust me i sold my ugly plastic galaxy s4 and bought this one and trustme guys this phone is so cool and beautiful what i can die for is its speakers and specially the integrated zoe..buy it without hesitation and all and no tint on screen or on the camera i am on 4.3 uk model..:); There is not a single problem on my htc one and trust me i sold my ugly plastic galaxy s4 and bought this one and trustme guys this phone is so cool and beautiful what i can die for is its speakers and specially the integrated zoe..buy it without hesitation and all and no tint on screen or on the camera i am on 4.3 uk model..:)
what about the camera issues on htc one? have anyone fix this issue or have alternative way to fix it?; what about the camera issues on htc one? have anyone fix this issue or have alternative way to fix it?
Samzzz, 10 Feb 2014this thing happened to me after updating to 4.4.2. I have got that update at its launch becaus... moreI haven't update 4.4.2 yet. Somebody say battery improve somebody say battery drain but I don't know what's the actual problem is. I have stuck 4,3 yet but I heard you can do 1 thing just backup your data & reset your phone I think it'll work or try one more thing when u don't use Internet u turn off data off decrease brightness level it's take big amount of battery. If you don't use much apps disable it from app section when u want to use enable it & every major update takes few days to stable it; I haven't update 4.4.2 yet. Somebody say battery improve somebody say battery drain but I don't know what's the actual problem is. I have stuck 4,3 yet but I heard you can do 1 thing just backup your data & reset your phone I think it'll work or try one more thing when u don't use Internet u turn off data off decrease brightness level it's take big amount of battery. If you don't use much apps disable it from app section when u want to use enable it & every major update takes few days to stable it
Blueeyes, 10 Feb 2014When kitkat update will come in UAE.....have any idea or any news....Pls reply anyone knows...... moream also at UAE and am waiting :(
 all middle east did not get kitkat actually; am also at UAE and am waiting :(; all middle east did not get kitkat actually
When kitkat update will come in UAE.....have any idea or any news....Pls reply anyone knows...I am here in dubai; When kitkat update will come in UAE.....have any idea or any news....Pls reply anyone knows...I am here in dubai
Timmy, 08 Feb 2014I have the same problem, since i update to kitkat 4.4.2. same here, problem started after kitkat update; same here, problem started after kitkat update
naveen, 08 Feb 2014This problem by android 4.3 uodate & using app sync. Turn off auto sync & let the batt... morethis thing happened to me after updating to 4.4.2. I have got that update at its launch because I am using HTC ONE from SPRINT . can you help me with that?; this thing happened to me after updating to 4.4.2. I have got that update at its launch because I am using HTC ONE from SPRINT . can you help me with that?
The HTC one will stand the test of time where all others will fail.; The HTC one will stand the test of time where all others will fail.
vijeyprasanna, 08 Feb 2014Hi friend,just now I received the kitket update. I update my phone just now. I'm from Sri Lank... moreThe motifs of kitkat version is simply white like nexus 5; The motifs of kitkat version is simply white like nexus 5
Samzzz, 08 Feb 2014Guys I am from india , am using HTC ONE (from Sprint) for the last one month. now am facing a ... moreYes i also experience it try draining your battery then charge it i did it once it resolved the problem but i occured again aftet three days; Yes i also experience it try draining your battery then charge it i did it once it resolved the problem but i occured again aftet three days
guys and friends,for updating htc one(one max or butterfly s and ....)befor downloading update make battery charge to 100%,after that start download.and befor install download full battery again,for example when it gets 70% download you connect charger again. when update installing it reads phone information and if your battery is 90% or 80% it will save in os of mobile and OS will read 90% or 80%.so be sure your phone has 100% charge for installing.i did it for my 2friends and they don't have your problem. 
 2-search the battery calibration and do it if you can for resolve the problem.in that you delete the battery information and refresh it.but be sure you can do it then start it.
 regards.; guys and friends,for updating htc one(one max or butterfly s and ....)befor downloading update make battery charge to 100%,after that start download.and befor install download full battery again,for example when it gets 70% download you connect charger again. when update installing it reads phone information and if your battery is 90% or 80% it will save in os of mobile and OS will read 90% or 80%.so be sure your phone has 100% charge for installing.i did it for my 2friends and they don't have your problem.; 2-search the battery calibration and do it if you can for resolve the problem.in that you delete the battery information and refresh it.but be sure you can do it then start it.; regards.
office pro, 09 Feb 2014Can anyone tell if they had a problem trying to download the software update and your screen b... moremine updated to 4.3 fine with no blue screens or errors.; mine updated to 4.3 fine with no blue screens or errors.
Did anyone had problem with the new software updates.
 
 i try updating and then a message for reboot came on, after that my screen restart with a permanent blue screen
 
 can some one tell me what is the problem; Did anyone had problem with the new software updates.; i try updating and then a message for reboot came on, after that my screen restart with a permanent blue screen; can some one tell me what is the problem
Can anyone tell if they had a problem trying to download the software update and your screen become blue.
 
 and thats all you get. 
 
 thats the problem i am having'
 
 can i reboot or reinstall my software; Can anyone tell if they had a problem trying to download the software update and your screen become blue.; and thats all you get.; thats the problem i am having'; can i reboot or reinstall my software
Anonymous, 07 Feb 2014per 2014.02.07, HTC Indonesia is seeding Android 4.4.2 ver 4.20.707.6 OTA update for HTC One 8... moreI'm waiting for your reply.; I'm waiting for your reply.
htcone, 08 Feb 2014Nope. Thats hardware issue. Cant be fixed by software alone. Hows ur news and weather app? Is ... moreI am still on old version cuz australia is still not rolling out their kitkat.this is australian version.; I am still on old version cuz australia is still not rolling out their kitkat.this is australian version.
Samzzz, 08 Feb 2014Guys I am from india , am using HTC ONE (from Sprint) for the last one month. now am facing a ... moreThis problem by android 4.3 uodate & using app sync. Turn off auto sync & let the battery fully charged because 4.3 update it's show you 100% charged but isn't. battery charge 90 to 100 percent quick chargeing but it's not 100% charged. Turn off sync go to settings app then tap account & sync then turn off auto sync. I hope you happy now; This problem by android 4.3 uodate & using app sync. Turn off auto sync & let the battery fully charged because 4.3 update it's show you 100% charged but isn't. battery charge 90 to 100 percent quick chargeing but it's not 100% charged. Turn off sync go to settings app then tap account & sync then turn off auto sync. I hope you happy now
jack, 08 Feb 2014Do they resolve the purple tint problem after the update?Nope. Thats hardware issue. Cant be fixed by software alone. Hows ur news and weather app? Is it still there? Where can now i get the latest news?; Nope. Thats hardware issue. Cant be fixed by software alone. Hows ur news and weather app? Is it still there? Where can now i get the latest news?
Samzzz, 08 Feb 2014Guys I am from india , am using HTC ONE (from Sprint) for the last one month. now am facing a ... moreI have the same problem, since i update to kitkat 4.4.2.; I have the same problem, since i update to kitkat 4.4.2.
Can anyone help me pls??? How to attach more than one pic in Facebook using blink feed?????; Can anyone help me pls??? How to attach more than one pic in Facebook using blink feed?????
Anonymous, 07 Feb 2014Report 2014.02.07 : HTC Indonesia is seeding Android 4.4.2 ver 4.20.707.6 OTA update for H... moreHi friend,just now I received the kitket update. I update my phone just now. I'm from Sri Lanka. After update I played some music. that beats audio logo appear in white color.before update it was red color logo.what about in your phone?after update is it red or white?please tell me.; Hi friend,just now I received the kitket update. I update my phone just now. I'm from Sri Lanka. After update I played some music. that beats audio logo appear in white color.before update it was red color logo.what about in your phone?after update is it red or white?please tell me.
htcone, 08 Feb 2014did anyone noticed that news and weather was missing after the kitkat update? mine is missing ... moreDo they resolve the purple tint problem after the update?; Do they resolve the purple tint problem after the update?
masry, 08 Feb 2014htc one is just a BEAST 3 months now no problems at all no lags ,the camera is good but not pe... moreThere are 2 excellent and long comments about lithium batteries which apply to all phones in the sony Z1 compact user reviews warning against letting the phone go below 40% or above 80%. You may want to read those. No this is not a trick to get you over there. I love my HTC one. Trix are for kids.; There are 2 excellent and long comments about lithium batteries which apply to all phones in the sony Z1 compact user reviews warning against letting the phone go below 40% or above 80%. You may want to read those. No this is not a trick to get you over there. I love my HTC one. Trix are for kids.
did anyone noticed that news and weather was missing after the kitkat update? mine is missing and i liked that app. by the way im from philippines.; did anyone noticed that news and weather was missing after the kitkat update? mine is missing and i liked that app. by the way im from philippines.
Hi I'm new to sense 5,just wanted to ask how to upload more than one pic on Facebook using blink feed.
 Thanks in advance.; Hi I'm new to sense 5,just wanted to ask how to upload more than one pic on Facebook using blink feed.; Thanks in advance.
htc one is just a BEAST 3 months now no problems at all no lags ,the camera is good but not perfect but for me i dont need more than that battery 9 hours of heavy using 16 hours of normal using whatsapp facebook twitter but not for all the day like xperia z iphone 5 s4 no differences in the battery ' i saw iphone 5 s4 xperia z with my friends but really u cant conpare htc one is the best , screen speed headphones speakers are all unbelievable and better than other phones but the camera in s4 is better than this but in low light htc one camera wins i like its camera and i dont need anything else just the battery i hope the next generation of mobile phones will have powerful battery; htc one is just a BEAST 3 months now no problems at all no lags ,the camera is good but not perfect but for me i dont need more than that battery 9 hours of heavy using 16 hours of normal using whatsapp facebook twitter but not for all the day like xperia z iphone 5 s4 no differences in the battery ' i saw iphone 5 s4 xperia z with my friends but really u cant conpare htc one is the best , screen speed headphones speakers are all unbelievable and better than other phones but the camera in s4 is better than this but in low light htc one camera wins i like its camera and i dont need anything else just the battery i hope the next generation of mobile phones will have powerful battery
Guys I am from india , am using HTC ONE (from Sprint) for the last one month. now am facing a battery problem. after 100% of charge , even if am not using mobile. battery goes on decreasing at the rate of 3-4% per hour . if I, phone some one for 20mts. battery will decrease for 4%. recently I am facing another problem is that , after fully charged after 10 mts of standby mode. battery will suddenly decrease to 96%. please help me with this . people who use HTC ONE . do you guys face any problem like this?; Guys I am from india , am using HTC ONE (from Sprint) for the last one month. now am facing a battery problem. after 100% of charge , even if am not using mobile. battery goes on decreasing at the rate of 3-4% per hour . if I, phone some one for 20mts. battery will decrease for 4%. recently I am facing another problem is that , after fully charged after 10 mts of standby mode. battery will suddenly decrease to 96%. please help me with this . people who use HTC ONE . do you guys face any problem like this?
johnn, 07 Feb 2014i wanna noe bout d battery lyf f d fone, nd also i heard t gets heated up hanged....z t trueDo you seriously type like that? Is that your way of saving time? I think whether or not a phone overheats is the least of your worries.; Do you seriously type like that? Is that your way of saving time? I think whether or not a phone overheats is the least of your worries.
sarthak s, 04 Feb 2014have been using htc one on kitkat for past few months and trust me the battery life, performan... moreSure, without syncronize! Put it on from 6 am and your Phone Will die at 5 pm...; Sure, without syncronize! Put it on from 6 am and your Phone Will die at 5 pm...
finally kitkat for htc one in india.. only 330 mb; finally kitkat for htc one in india.. only 330 mb
i really want to know about the battery life of the phone, i heeard it gets heated up fast and also hangs ...is it true should i go for i phone5 instead; i really want to know about the battery life of the phone, i heeard it gets heated up fast and also hangs ...is it true should i go for i phone5 instead
i wanna noe bout d battery lyf f d fone, nd also i heard t gets heated up hanged....z t true; i wanna noe bout d battery lyf f d fone, nd also i heard t gets heated up hanged....z t true
Maca, 07 Feb 2014Please post asap what bad effects after upgrade to kitkat 4.4.2 HTC One.HTC One seems to be running great on 4.4.2. A little faster and smoother than before. No bad points at all. I think HTC took a little extra time to get it right. Will try the details over the next few days and let you know how things go.; HTC One seems to be running great on 4.4.2. A little faster and smoother than before. No bad points at all. I think HTC took a little extra time to get it right. Will try the details over the next few days and let you know how things go.
per 2014.02.07, HTC Indonesia is seeding Android 4.4.2 ver 4.20.707.6 OTA update for HTC One 801 model.; per 2014.02.07, HTC Indonesia is seeding Android 4.4.2 ver 4.20.707.6 OTA update for HTC One 801 model.
per 2014.02.07, HTC Indonesia is seeding Android 4.4.2 ver 4.20.707.6 OTA update for HTC One 801 model.; per 2014.02.07, HTC Indonesia is seeding Android 4.4.2 ver 4.20.707.6 OTA update for HTC One 801 model.
Report 2014.02.07 : 
 
 HTC Indonesia is seeding Android 4.4.2 ver 4.20.707.6 OTA update for HTC 801.; Report 2014.02.07 :; HTC Indonesia is seeding Android 4.4.2 ver 4.20.707.6 OTA update for HTC 801.
Please post asap what bad effects after upgrade to kitkat 4.4.2 HTC One.; Please post asap what bad effects after upgrade to kitkat 4.4.2 HTC One.
Kit. Kat for HTC One has arrived in Cambodia. Downloaded it in 35 minutes by WI FI and is ow installed.; Kit. Kat for HTC One has arrived in Cambodia. Downloaded it in 35 minutes by WI FI and is ow installed.
Philippines has started getting Kitkat 4.4.2 (4.20.707.6) 323.18mb; Philippines has started getting Kitkat 4.4.2 (4.20.707.6) 323.18mb
what the advantage of kitkat version to HTC ONE? is it use 3rd party launcher using GEL like Nexus devices. please I need your feedback about your kitkat 4.4.2 firmware user experience for HTC ONE.; what the advantage of kitkat version to HTC ONE? is it use 3rd party launcher using GEL like Nexus devices. please I need your feedback about your kitkat 4.4.2 firmware user experience for HTC ONE.
Vickybhadola, 06 Feb 2014The Best Phone in the Market EXCEPT the battery life. It's the worstplease try turning off Auto sync which is on by default and draws a lot of battery life.; please try turning off Auto sync which is on by default and draws a lot of battery life.
vijeyprasanna, 06 Feb 2014Thanks a lot. so,is it not a problem for browsing?which browser is best for browsing?without f... moreNo don't sweat lack of flash it is not going to be a problem. If anything the experience will be smoother. Best browser ? It depends on what you want in a browser. Chrome has been very good recently. But most of the time i use " Lightning browser" it takes up very little memory and it is perfect for browsing multiple tabs. It is gesture based you can use it very quickly. Other great browsers : Opera browser for Android , Maxthon Browser,Mercury. My fav : Lightning and Mercury; No don't sweat lack of flash it is not going to be a problem. If anything the experience will be smoother. Best browser ? It depends on what you want in a browser. Chrome has been very good recently. But most of the time i use " Lightning browser" it takes up very little memory and it is perfect for browsing multiple tabs. It is gesture based you can use it very quickly. Other great browsers : Opera browser for Android , Maxthon Browser,Mercury. My fav : Lightning and Mercury
but camera 4mp :(; but camera 4mp :(
The Best Phone in the Market EXCEPT the battery life. It's the worst; The Best Phone in the Market EXCEPT the battery life. It's the worst
Anonymous, 05 Feb 2014Well only if you use a lot of websites that need flash. But considering the fact that flash ha... morePls reply me. I'm waiting for your help.; Pls reply me. I'm waiting for your help.
Maca, 02 Feb 2014Simple solution dude..buy a new battery to htc service center.thanx for reply..phone is having non removable battery so i am worried..I am living in india i called htc service centre they saidphone is having non removable battery..:-(; thanx for reply..phone is having non removable battery so i am worried..I am living in india i called htc service centre they saidphone is having non removable battery..:-(
I love my HTC one. The beats audio works great over bluetooth with my jabra "TAG". Waterproofing is available by using a heavy duty double seal ziplock bag which I keep handy. Mobile connectivity is slower than my Note 3 though. I have the 4.3 update already. Will the Kit Kat update help with mobile connectivity?; I love my HTC one. The beats audio works great over bluetooth with my jabra "TAG". Waterproofing is available by using a heavy duty double seal ziplock bag which I keep handy. Mobile connectivity is slower than my Note 3 though. I have the 4.3 update already. Will the Kit Kat update help with mobile connectivity?
Anonymous, 05 Feb 2014Well only if you use a lot of websites that need flash. But considering the fact that flash ha... moreThanks a lot. so,is it not a problem for browsing?which browser is best for browsing?without flash player,any errors occur during on browsing?; Thanks a lot. so,is it not a problem for browsing?which browser is best for browsing?without flash player,any errors occur during on browsing?
what the advantage of kitkat version to HTC ONE? is it use 3rd party using GEL like Nexus devices please I need you feedback about your kitkat 4.4.2 firmware experience to HTC ONE.; what the advantage of kitkat version to HTC ONE? is it use 3rd party using GEL like Nexus devices please I need you feedback about your kitkat 4.4.2 firmware experience to HTC ONE.
weewow, 05 Feb 2014HTC one is using gorilla glass 2.. is it scratch proof even without using screen protector? Be... moreScratch proof to a certain degree nothing is perfect; Scratch proof to a certain degree nothing is perfect
vijeyprasanna, 05 Feb 2014If Flash player remove after update, isn't a problem for us? if flash player remove, it will a... moreWell only if you use a lot of websites that need flash. But considering the fact that flash has always been one of the main reasons for crashes and reboots even on pc that is why Apple never included flash on their ios devices. Probably Google is trying to do the same thing. And the company that created flash just abandoned it so this means no more support and you will see flash die even on websites that use it subsequentally.; Well only if you use a lot of websites that need flash. But considering the fact that flash has always been one of the main reasons for crashes and reboots even on pc that is why Apple never included flash on their ios devices. Probably Google is trying to do the same thing. And the company that created flash just abandoned it so this means no more support and you will see flash die even on websites that use it subsequentally.
HTC one is using gorilla glass 2.. is it scratch proof even without using screen protector? Because S3 is using the same type but it's proven scratch proof
 Just want to know.. thanks.; HTC one is using gorilla glass 2.. is it scratch proof even without using screen protector? Because S3 is using the same type but it's proven scratch proof; Just want to know.. thanks.
Anonymous, 05 Feb 2014Don't worry this is why comments exists . Benefits of updates are for example new feature that... moreIf Flash player remove after update, isn't a problem for us? if flash player remove, it will affect our phone?we need a flash player or not?; If Flash player remove after update, isn't a problem for us? if flash player remove, it will affect our phone?we need a flash player or not?
If Flash player remove after update, is it not a problem for us?we need flash player or not?it will affect our phone?; If Flash player remove after update, is it not a problem for us?we need flash player or not?it will affect our phone?
vijeyprasanna, 04 Feb 2014Thanks for your help. if I turn off auto sync,then what are the benefits will be get after upd... moreDon't worry this is why comments exists . Benefits of updates are for example new feature that come with newer versions,, stability fixes so your phone can run smoother and faster.,, sometimes there are memory optimizations and battery improvements it depends on the update. 4. 4 Utrecht is said to improve battery life because it used less melody n the background to operate than other versions of android about 18 percent less..; Don't worry this is why comments exists . Benefits of updates are for example new feature that come with newer versions,, stability fixes so your phone can run smoother and faster.,, sometimes there are memory optimizations and battery improvements it depends on the update. 4. 4 Utrecht is said to improve battery life because it used less melody n the background to operate than other versions of android about 18 percent less..
have been using htc one on kitkat for past few months and trust me the battery life, performance and camera has improved drastically.it last upto 2 days easily (battery saver on) on moderate usage...; have been using htc one on kitkat for past few months and trust me the battery life, performance and camera has improved drastically.it last upto 2 days easily (battery saver on) on moderate usage...
MONIL, 04 Feb 2014Can any one tell me about the headphones sound quality of this phone is it better then the nok... moreheadphones are the best ever
 take it and u will never regret; headphones are the best ever; take it and u will never regret
Can any one tell me about the headphones sound quality of this phone is it better then the nokia n9? cz it's da bestt in terms of headphones sound quality for me...
 i am a music freak n i've seen many good reviwes abt htc one's audio quality n planning to buy it.... plzz help; Can any one tell me about the headphones sound quality of this phone is it better then the nokia n9? cz it's da bestt in terms of headphones sound quality for me...; i am a music freak n i've seen many good reviwes abt htc one's audio quality n planning to buy it.... plzz help
xyxy, 04 Feb 2014Nope, i had Sense 5.5 on 4.3 and the battery was working very nice. Standard move to weaken... morehow i can update my software to my phone to 4.4.2 ???; how i can update my software to my phone to 4.4.2 ???
htc one, 04 Feb 2014I don't think it's Kitkat that drains the battery faster, I think its Sense 5.5. I have UK ver... moreNope, i had Sense 5.5 on 4.3 and the battery was working very nice.
 
 Standard move to weaken the One so the One+ can shine, like someone said before in comments below.
 
 Not to mention that i already wrote that camera is weaker with 4.4.2 to. I have no words for this update; Nope, i had Sense 5.5 on 4.3 and the battery was working very nice.; Standard move to weaken the One so the One+ can shine, like someone said before in comments below.; Not to mention that i already wrote that camera is weaker with 4.4.2 to. I have no words for this update
I don't think it's Kitkat that drains the battery faster, I think its Sense 5.5. I have UK version phone, it's still Jelly bean but when I updated to Sense 5.5, that's when the battery stat losing the power fast.; I don't think it's Kitkat that drains the battery faster, I think its Sense 5.5. I have UK version phone, it's still Jelly bean but when I updated to Sense 5.5, that's when the battery stat losing the power fast.
Anonymous, 04 Feb 2014Go to settings /accounts and sync/ then toggle the button to make auto sync offThanks for your help. if I turn off auto sync,then what are the benefits will be get after update?sorry for disturbing you. I'm helpless.also this is my first android phone. so I don't have any experience. Pls help me.; Thanks for your help. if I turn off auto sync,then what are the benefits will be get after update?sorry for disturbing you. I'm helpless.also this is my first android phone. so I don't have any experience. Pls help me.
vijeyprasanna, 03 Feb 2014Please reply me friend.Go to settings /accounts and sync/ then toggle the button to make auto sync off; Go to settings /accounts and sync/ then toggle the button to make auto sync off
After a few days spending on 4.4.2 the battery is draining a lot faster compared to on 4.3! Epic fail update...; After a few days spending on 4.4.2 the battery is draining a lot faster compared to on 4.3! Epic fail update...
No update 4.3 for my HTC one yet ? Is that normal ??; No update 4.3 for my HTC one yet ? Is that normal ??
Anonymous, 03 Feb 2014Turn off auto syncPlease reply me friend.; Please reply me friend.
Anonymous, 03 Feb 2014Turn off auto syncPlease reply me friend.; Please reply me friend.
Anonymous, 02 Feb 2014Hey guys please help me..using htc one from last 11months..battery is getting down in 10 to 12... moreTurn off auto sync; Turn off auto sync
AAG, 02 Feb 2014thank you it solve some of the problem still same thing for facebook or i have to save the ... moreNo problem. I don't know the big issue with zooming. I can.zoom as much as I want/need on my One but it's a matree of preference. don't worry about the screen quality its still the sharpest on the market or number 2 . I have dropped mine about 6 times and I only have a scratch on the back which doesn't look bad or it isn't even noticed for that matter. Yes I don't really need the camera too. The only thing I would need is a massive battery. I get through the day but it hinders me from enjoying the phone to its full potential.; No problem. I don't know the big issue with zooming. I can.zoom as much as I want/need on my One but it's a matree of preference. don't worry about the screen quality its still the sharpest on the market or number 2 . I have dropped mine about 6 times and I only have a scratch on the back which doesn't look bad or it isn't even noticed for that matter. Yes I don't really need the camera too. The only thing I would need is a massive battery. I get through the day but it hinders me from enjoying the phone to its full potential.
vijeyprasanna, 03 Feb 2014Thank you for your reply. I want to know that, if flash removed automatically after update, it... morePls tell me friend.; Pls tell me friend.
Niru24, 02 Feb 2014I m goin to buy dizz phone bt plz tell me hw ll I cum to noe abut 1st shipment or 2nd shipment... moreI think 2nd shipment color is white and gold htc one; I think 2nd shipment color is white and gold htc one
Niru24, 02 Feb 2014I m goin to buy dizz phone bt plz tell me hw ll I cum to noe abut 1st shipment or 2nd shipment... moreJesus, really? This is how you speak?; Jesus, really? This is how you speak?
Anonymous, 02 Feb 2014I updated to 4.4.2 from stock 4.3, which shipped with my gold model. I have not noticed any di... moreThank you for your reply. I want to know that, if flash removed automatically after update, it will affect any options or any program?; Thank you for your reply. I want to know that, if flash removed automatically after update, it will affect any options or any program?
I m goin to buy dizz phone bt plz tell me hw ll I cum to noe abut 1st shipment or 2nd shipment ...bcoz I dnt wnt purple tint issuse in my camera .....; I m goin to buy dizz phone bt plz tell me hw ll I cum to noe abut 1st shipment or 2nd shipment ...bcoz I dnt wnt purple tint issuse in my camera .....
Anonymous, 02 Feb 2014Quick pic is an app on the play store search for it and download it.thank you
 it solve some of the problem
 still same thing for facebook
 or i have to save the pic and open quick pic to see it there
 i miss samsung actually for 3 reasons now
 as i have s2 before, it was better in
 first pictures zoom
 second screen did not get a single scratch with 1 and half years of abuse usage without screen protection but my HTC one now have a scratch on screen even i treat it better than my son :(
 and i don't even know how it got this scratch
 today i purchased a screen protector
 third thing the camera it was better in s2 but camera is not a big issue for me; thank you; it solve some of the problem; still same thing for facebook; or i have to save the pic and open quick pic to see it there; i miss samsung actually for 3 reasons now; as i have s2 before, it was better in; first pictures zoom; second screen did not get a single scratch with 1 and half years of abuse usage without screen protection but my HTC one now have a scratch on screen even i treat it better than my son :(; and i don't even know how it got this scratch; today i purchased a screen protector; third thing the camera it was better in s2 but camera is not a big issue for me
vijeyprasanna, 02 Feb 2014Dear friend, what about the latest 4.4 update? Is that better than 4.3 update?any changes?any ... moreI updated to 4.4.2 from stock 4.3, which shipped with my gold model. I have not noticed any difference--including battery life. Flash and news program were automatically removed.; I updated to 4.4.2 from stock 4.3, which shipped with my gold model. I have not noticed any difference--including battery life. Flash and news program were automatically removed.
Alvin, 01 Feb 2014After update to the 4.4.2.....it fixed camera focusing problem...but still has purple tint dur... morePurple tint dude it cause of camera problem not the software problem..only service center can handle the problem.; Purple tint dude it cause of camera problem not the software problem..only service center can handle the problem.
Anonymous, 02 Feb 2014Hey guys please help me..using htc one from last 11months..battery is getting down in 10 to 12... moreSimple solution dude..buy a new battery to htc service center.; Simple solution dude..buy a new battery to htc service center.
Hey guys please help me..using htc one from last 11months..battery is getting down in 10 to 12 hours..i think my phone is getting battery issue..now what should i do..my phone is absolutely perfect only battery issue..; Hey guys please help me..using htc one from last 11months..battery is getting down in 10 to 12 hours..i think my phone is getting battery issue..now what should i do..my phone is absolutely perfect only battery issue..
Alvin, 01 Feb 2014After update to the 4.4.2.....it fixed camera focusing problem...but still has purple tint dur... moreDear friend, what about the latest 4.4 update? Is that better than 4.3 update?any changes?any special features?; Dear friend, what about the latest 4.4 update? Is that better than 4.3 update?any changes?any special features?
if you want to plan to buy New HTC ONE, I suggest direct buying to HTC store for the device testing and check what the problem is, but i think Purple tint issue is already done this time because the date released of 1st edition was the year of 2013.
 
 just buy and check for the 2nd shipment to make perfect.; if you want to plan to buy New HTC ONE, I suggest direct buying to HTC store for the device testing and check what the problem is, but i think Purple tint issue is already done this time because the date released of 1st edition was the year of 2013.; just buy and check for the 2nd shipment to make perfect.
AAG, 01 Feb 2014how to use the quick pic ?Quick pic is an app on the play store search for it and download it.; Quick pic is an app on the play store search for it and download it.
Niru24, 01 Feb 2014Have u updated ur phone to 4.4 kitkat ?????No it is 4.3 only
 Iam in uae,kitkat did not roll out till now; No it is 4.3 only; Iam in uae,kitkat did not roll out till now
AAG, 31 Jan 2014one month now with htc one i love it no purple tint issue at all very fast,battery is good ... moreHave u updated ur phone to 4.4 kitkat ?????; Have u updated ur phone to 4.4 kitkat ?????
After update to the 4.4.2.....it fixed camera focusing problem...but still has purple tint during the night shot!!; After update to the 4.4.2.....it fixed camera focusing problem...but still has purple tint during the night shot!!
Friends,if I get 4.4 updat,should I want to update or continues with present 4.3 update?; Friends,if I get 4.4 updat,should I want to update or continues with present 4.3 update?
MOOOOJI, 31 Jan 2014use quick pic how to use the quick pic ?; how to use the quick pic ?
Anonymous, 31 Jan 2014should I go for htc one or sony xperia z ????hey go for htcccccccccccc,........................; hey go for htcccccccccccc,........................
Anonymous, 31 Jan 2014should I go for htc one or sony xperia z ????just wait for the HTC One two or HTC Two or HTC M8; just wait for the HTC One two or HTC Two or HTC M8
AAG, 31 Jan 2014one month now with htc one i love it no purple tint issue at all very fast,battery is good ... moreuse quick pic; use quick pic
should I go for htc one or sony xperia z ????; should I go for htc one or sony xperia z ????
Hat3r, 31 Jan 2014No significant improvments.battery life seems pretty much the same after few days of use.Thank you for your feedback; Thank you for your feedback
one month now with htc one
 i love it
 no purple tint issue at all
 very fast,battery is good
 only problem for me is photos
 can't zoom in photo too much
 if i need to zoom a big picture to read something in Facebook or gallery I can't zoom enough to read,
 for camera it's more than enough for me
 low large pixels but great on low light
 it is something different and i see it great as I don't look for a camera phone
 Thank you HTC for this great phone; one month now with htc one; i love it; no purple tint issue at all; very fast,battery is good; only problem for me is photos; can't zoom in photo too much; if i need to zoom a big picture to read something in Facebook or gallery I can't zoom enough to read,; for camera it's more than enough for me; low large pixels but great on low light; it is something different and i see it great as I don't look for a camera phone; Thank you HTC for this great phone
Anonymous, 31 Jan 2014Can you comment on how it performs any battery life improvement etc ?No significant improvments.battery life seems pretty much the same after few days of use.; No significant improvments.battery life seems pretty much the same after few days of use.
Camera with 4.4.2 is TERRIBLE compared to the 4.3! The focusing speed is messed up, lower quality, more noise, photos taken are not a like on 4.3. HTC give us a option to bring back 4.3 or fix this ASAP! I have not buyed this phone to have this bad update for my ONE! Something tells me that is because the ONE+ is coming out and if u want to have again good and crisp camera, go and now buy ONE+! Good job HTC, realy good!; Camera with 4.4.2 is TERRIBLE compared to the 4.3! The focusing speed is messed up, lower quality, more noise, photos taken are not a like on 4.3. HTC give us a option to bring back 4.3 or fix this ASAP! I have not buyed this phone to have this bad update for my ONE! Something tells me that is because the ONE+ is coming out and if u want to have again good and crisp camera, go and now buy ONE+! Good job HTC, realy good!
When is kitkat 4.4 releasing in Canada? Also does anyone know about htc m8 launch date?; When is kitkat 4.4 releasing in Canada? Also does anyone know about htc m8 launch date?
When is kitkat 4.4 releasing in Canada? Also does anyone know about htc m8 launch date?; When is kitkat 4.4 releasing in Canada? Also does anyone know about htc m8 launch date?
I'm planning to buy the phone from Amazon but I'm afraid of the purple camera problem.
 Any suggestion?; I'm planning to buy the phone from Amazon but I'm afraid of the purple camera problem.; Any suggestion?
Hat3r, 30 Jan 2014Yes, Buddy.I confirm 4.4 for HTC one is out.Seeding in Romania from 28 January 2014.You will r... moreCan you comment on how it performs any battery life improvement etc ?; Can you comment on how it performs any battery life improvement etc ?
do not update to 4.4.2 until the remaining issue cannot be solve by android developer; do not update to 4.4.2 until the remaining issue cannot be solve by android developer
Anonymous, 23 Mar 2013So before I brought my HTC One, I looked at what was on the market and what was to come. Smart... morewhat do u mean by ultrapixels? its camera is it?; what do u mean by ultrapixels? its camera is it?
4.4.2 since 24 of january in ukraine battery draining so fast no quality camera with the HDR on hope will be a fix soon; 4.4.2 since 24 of january in ukraine battery draining so fast no quality camera with the HDR on hope will be a fix soon
Can anyone review the camera with the 4.4.2 and write down opinion. In my experience the camera has a longer focus, blured pics.; Can anyone review the camera with the 4.4.2 and write down opinion. In my experience the camera has a longer focus, blured pics.
Maca, 30 Jan 2014Kitkat 4.4 is not officially release yet to international model. Only pure Google Htc one can ... moreGuess what, the Kitkat is out in Romania from 28 january 2014.I believe it is the first Country to receive it, weird as it may seem
 
 Whatever you hear, you will soon receive it.; Guess what, the Kitkat is out in Romania from 28 january 2014.I believe it is the first Country to receive it, weird as it may seem; Whatever you hear, you will soon receive it.
Anonymous, 30 Jan 2014Hello, any one here use HTC one from hongkong? And have u got 4.4 yet?Yes, Buddy.I confirm 4.4 for HTC one is out.Seeding in Romania from 28 January 2014.You will receive it soon as well.
 It has 389 MB
 
 Gratz for all the HTC users I guess; Yes, Buddy.I confirm 4.4 for HTC one is out.Seeding in Romania from 28 January 2014.You will receive it soon as well.; It has 389 MB; Gratz for all the HTC users I guess
Anonymous, 30 Jan 2014Hello, any one here use HTC one from hongkong? And have u got 4.4 yet?4.4 = Android Version ?; 4.4 = Android Version ?
Ex6TenZ, 30 Jan 2014Don't know whether to buy this or an iPhone 5S..any suggestions guys? But sure -- I don't want... moreDude iphone 5s and HTc one is have a big difference between iOs and Android.
 
 If you want big screen with better feature and animation, go for HTC One.
 But if you want small screen display and fit to your palm with better camera and finger print security system, go for iphone 5s; Dude iphone 5s and HTc one is have a big difference between iOs and Android.; If you want big screen with better feature and animation, go for HTC One.; But if you want small screen display and fit to your palm with better camera and finger print security system, go for iphone 5s
Anonymous, 30 Jan 2014Hello, any one here use HTC one from hongkong? And have u got 4.4 yet?Kitkat 4.4 is not officially release yet to international model. Only pure Google Htc one can able to receive an update right now using OTA. Before you update just read 1st the review or the opinion of other people about kitkat 4.4; Kitkat 4.4 is not officially release yet to international model. Only pure Google Htc one can able to receive an update right now using OTA. Before you update just read 1st the review or the opinion of other people about kitkat 4.4
Just bring the device to Htc service center to change the camera hardware part. But can you buy a brand new mobile phone to repair that problem?
 
 not i'm saying all htc one have a camera defecting problem. But you need to try or check before you buy.; Just bring the device to Htc service center to change the camera hardware part. But can you buy a brand new mobile phone to repair that problem?; not i'm saying all htc one have a camera defecting problem. But you need to try or check before you buy.
Ani, 30 Jan 2014If you're looking for the above mentioned features only and dont care about the interface or t... morei am confused. i should go by nexus or htc or iphone???; i am confused. i should go by nexus or htc or iphone???
doodz, 30 Jan 2014I think HTC ONE is better but before you buy just make sure the camera is 100% fixed because s... moreHow to fix the camera? Mine also like that. :(; How to fix the camera? Mine also like that. :(
Hello, any one here use HTC one from hongkong? And have u got 4.4 yet?; Hello, any one here use HTC one from hongkong? And have u got 4.4 yet?
jack_h, 29 Jan 2014Is there anyone who experienced HTC one and Nexus 5 both? which one is better? I need better c... moreIf you're looking for the above mentioned features only and dont care about the interface or the look of the phone, then the Nexus 5 is a great selection!!; If you're looking for the above mentioned features only and dont care about the interface or the look of the phone, then the Nexus 5 is a great selection!!
Don't know whether to buy this or an iPhone 5S..any suggestions guys? But sure -- I don't want Samsung..; Don't know whether to buy this or an iPhone 5S..any suggestions guys? But sure -- I don't want Samsung..
xyxy, 29 Jan 2014With the new update 4.4.2 battery life is shorter and the camera quiality is lowered. Why is t... morethat is the problem of HTC one if you start to upgrade the firmware you will never go back to the previous version because of warranty will be void.; that is the problem of HTC one if you start to upgrade the firmware you will never go back to the previous version because of warranty will be void.
jack_h, 29 Jan 2014Is there anyone who experienced HTC one and Nexus 5 both? which one is better? I need better c... moreI think HTC ONE is better but before you buy just make sure the camera is 100% fixed because some htc one around the world have camera issue about purple tint during low light, for testing, turn On the camera and close the lens using your hand, if the screen is pure black that means not defective, but if the screen is purple around the screen means that is defective.; I think HTC ONE is better but before you buy just make sure the camera is 100% fixed because some htc one around the world have camera issue about purple tint during low light, for testing, turn On the camera and close the lens using your hand, if the screen is pure black that means not defective, but if the screen is purple around the screen means that is defective.
Is there anyone who experienced HTC one and Nexus 5 both? which one is better? I need better camera performance, processing speed, less heat. can somebody help me choosing better one. please, help me.
 
 thanks in advance.; Is there anyone who experienced HTC one and Nexus 5 both? which one is better? I need better camera performance, processing speed, less heat. can somebody help me choosing better one. please, help me.; thanks in advance.
Sorry, Notification light activited when i entered in option for display...i` ve done nothing, just done that and notification light started to blink.; Sorry, Notification light activited when i entered in option for display...i` ve done nothing, just done that and notification light started to blink.
RHleb, 29 Jan 2014I just bought an HTC one, but upon short usage it heats up. Is it normal? or it's a defect in ... morenormal; normal
Edit: Notification (red) light for low battery dont work anymore too.; Edit: Notification (red) light for low battery dont work anymore too.
With the new update 4.4.2 battery life is shorter and the camera quiality is lowered. Why is that? And how now to downgrade back to 4.3?; With the new update 4.4.2 battery life is shorter and the camera quiality is lowered. Why is that? And how now to downgrade back to 4.3?
rsnsvs, 29 Jan 2014I am not complaining about htc one, because i haven't used it. I am just saying that please do... morecorrection dude I have Galaxy s4 i9505 JB 4.3 for 8 months and I'd never experiencing laggy moment in fact the UI is very smooth and very fast during playing Real Racing 3 and Asphalt 8.; correction dude I have Galaxy s4 i9505 JB 4.3 for 8 months and I'd never experiencing laggy moment in fact the UI is very smooth and very fast during playing Real Racing 3 and Asphalt 8.
Yes its normal specially playing the game and all smartphone will be experience heat because the processor is running time to time.; Yes its normal specially playing the game and all smartphone will be experience heat because the processor is running time to time.
RHleb, 29 Jan 2014I just bought an HTC one, but upon short usage it heats up. Is it normal? or it's a defect in ... moreits Normal specially by gaming time and all smartphone will experience heat because the processor is running time to time.; its Normal specially by gaming time and all smartphone will experience heat because the processor is running time to time.
I just bought an HTC one, but upon short usage it heats up. Is it normal? or it's a defect in my device?
 
 Please answers..; I just bought an HTC one, but upon short usage it heats up. Is it normal? or it's a defect in my device?; Please answers..
rsnsvs, 29 Jan 2014I am not complaining about htc one, because i haven't used it. I am just saying that please do... moreAgreed with u either..
 
 It is always good to share opinion & experience.. & that is the purpose of having this section for, right?
 
 No issue at all..; Agreed with u either..; It is always good to share opinion & experience.. & that is the purpose of having this section for, right?; No issue at all..
I am not complaining about htc one, because i haven't used it. I am just saying that please don't say wrong about galaxy s4 until you used that phone.
 
 I have used htc one of my friend for short spam of time and i liked it due to its solid feel like iphone, but i really love my galaxy s4. The only reason is performance. You can only know about a phone once you are using it.
 
 I know some of users of htc one has pink tint problems so does some of galaxy s4 users have of lagging. Its because sometimes goes wrong with machines. So there is nothing to be ashamed of its normal. Htc and samsung are always going to support you till time its not your fault.; I am not complaining about htc one, because i haven't used it. I am just saying that please don't say wrong about galaxy s4 until you used that phone.; I have used htc one of my friend for short spam of time and i liked it due to its solid feel like iphone, but i really love my galaxy s4. The only reason is performance. You can only know about a phone once you are using it.; I know some of users of htc one has pink tint problems so does some of galaxy s4 users have of lagging. Its because sometimes goes wrong with machines. So there is nothing to be ashamed of its normal. Htc and samsung are always going to support you till time its not your fault.
missy11, 29 Jan 2014We are not complaining about HTC One strength. But We"re complaining as base on our exper... moreAgreed.. i pointed out HTC One strengths & weaknesses too..; Agreed.. i pointed out HTC One strengths & weaknesses too..
How do I adjust the number of rings on my htc.1 before it goes to message bank please?; How do I adjust the number of rings on my htc.1 before it goes to message bank please?
choon916, 29 Jan 2014I never say Galaxy S4 is a bad phone.. every flagship is a great phone for sure.. & every ... moreWe are not complaining about HTC One strength. But We"re complaining as base on our experience to review/help other people before buy HTC One phone.; We are not complaining about HTC One strength. But We"re complaining as base on our experience to review/help other people before buy HTC One phone.
rsnsvs, 29 Jan 2014Hi everyone, I came to see review section of htc one and i found lot of complaints about gala... moreyeah that"s right bro.; yeah that"s right bro.
rsnsvs, 29 Jan 2014Hi everyone, I came to see review section of htc one and i found lot of complaints about gala... moreI never say Galaxy S4 is a bad phone.. every flagship is a great phone for sure.. & every 1 of them has their own strengths & weaknesses..
 
 What i'm saying is HTC One is not that bad.. at least not as bad as people complaining here.. just feel that it's not fair for people to condemn it like this..
 
 The only problem is the camera purple tint.. once you solved that.. you will be happy with it..; I never say Galaxy S4 is a bad phone.. every flagship is a great phone for sure.. & every 1 of them has their own strengths & weaknesses..; What i'm saying is HTC One is not that bad.. at least not as bad as people complaining here.. just feel that it's not fair for people to condemn it like this..; The only problem is the camera purple tint.. once you solved that.. you will be happy with it..
Hi everyone,
 I came to see review section of htc one and i found lot of complaints about galaxy s4. Are you serious that you are complaining about s4 on htc page???
 
 Many people are commenting against s4 on this page and comparing their htc one with it. They want to prove that their phone is better than s4.
 
 I don't say i have used htc and i don't even complain about that by giving fake opinions. But i want to say that people complaining about galaxy s4 are speaking lie. I am using galaxy s4 for 8 months, and i want to say that there is no problem with it till now. 
 
 People says that s4 gets heated, so does laptop and computer what's the big deal in it. Every hardware with big specs get heated and people who says that htc one doesn't get heated while playing heaving games like- asphalt 7, dark knight rises... are speaking lie.
 
 Then come to hardware. Htc is having really good built in quality as compared to hardware. But i want to ask a question. What happens if your phones drops, doesn't it get scratches? 
 If phone fells on a hard surface, it gets deep scratches which cannot be removed from the phone and you have to live with it, but in case of galaxy s4, you can change the back of your smartphone.
 
 Then it comes to Touchwiz, who says that its laggy? Till 8 months of use my phone didn't even rebooted one time. Specially after 4.3 update my phone become faster. Some people are having problem so does htc users have. 
 
 i want to say that stop complaining about other phones, just look at your phones, if you are not satisfied with your phone then don't mislead others that your phone is better than other company's phone. If one can buy galaxy s4, then he can even buy htc one. 
 
 At last i want to say that just write for s4 if you have used it. Even if you go in galaxy s4 opinions, you will rarely find a comment about htc one, because none of the galaxy user cares about it.; Hi everyone,; I came to see review section of htc one and i found lot of complaints about galaxy s4. Are you serious that you are complaining about s4 on htc page???; Many people are commenting against s4 on this page and comparing their htc one with it. They want to prove that their phone is better than s4.; I don't say i have used htc and i don't even complain about that by giving fake opinions. But i want to say that people complaining about galaxy s4 are speaking lie. I am using galaxy s4 for 8 months, and i want to say that there is no problem with it till now.; People says that s4 gets heated, so does laptop and computer what's the big deal in it. Every hardware with big specs get heated and people who says that htc one doesn't get heated while playing heaving games like- asphalt 7, dark knight rises... are speaking lie.; Then come to hardware. Htc is having really good built in quality as compared to hardware. But i want to ask a question. What happens if your phones drops, doesn't it get scratches?; If phone fells on a hard surface, it gets deep scratches which cannot be removed from the phone and you have to live with it, but in case of galaxy s4, you can change the back of your smartphone.; Then it comes to Touchwiz, who says that its laggy? Till 8 months of use my phone didn't even rebooted one time. Specially after 4.3 update my phone become faster. Some people are having problem so does htc users have.; i want to say that stop complaining about other phones, just look at your phones, if you are not satisfied with your phone then don't mislead others that your phone is better than other company's phone. If one can buy galaxy s4, then he can even buy htc one.; At last i want to say that just write for s4 if you have used it. Even if you go in galaxy s4 opinions, you will rarely find a comment about htc one, because none of the galaxy user cares about it.
Android 4.4.2 arrived in Denmark. So far I can not see any visible changes...; Android 4.4.2 arrived in Denmark. So far I can not see any visible changes...
I will buy mobile phone with more features because I need it in my personal business.
 
 Do not buy sg4 if you can't to maximize the phone features.
 
 Read the disadvantage of the phone before you buy.
 
 Do not depend your Mobile phone to other if you haven't any experienced the phone that you compared.; I will buy mobile phone with more features because I need it in my personal business.; Do not buy sg4 if you can't to maximize the phone features.; Read the disadvantage of the phone before you buy.; Do not depend your Mobile phone to other if you haven't any experienced the phone that you compared.
choon916, 28 Jan 20149 of 10 reviewers still prefer natural colours.. u can chk all d reviews made by them.. wha... moreExcuse me sir I have HTC one in the past 6months and my experienced of that device its so bad. You can buy brand new HTC One with camera defect and only the answer is bring to service center to repair the camera after that I'm going sell that device and go back to Samsung again.
 
 I have right to say the truth because I am the one of the owner of that device. Please read the issue of HTC One to google search bar about rear camera purple tint.; Excuse me sir I have HTC one in the past 6months and my experienced of that device its so bad. You can buy brand new HTC One with camera defect and only the answer is bring to service center to repair the camera after that I'm going sell that device and go back to Samsung again.; I have right to say the truth because I am the one of the owner of that device. Please read the issue of HTC One to google search bar about rear camera purple tint.
Android 4.4.2 update now available in Serbia, Telenor network.; Android 4.4.2 update now available in Serbia, Telenor network.
Ram, 28 Jan 2014Did pink tinted issue on HTC one camera fix by update 4.4?I don't think so.. coz it's a hardware issue..
 
 Don't wait for software update any more. Send back your phone to HTC service centre & repair..; I don't think so.. coz it's a hardware issue..; Don't wait for software update any more. Send back your phone to HTC service centre & repair..
Android 4.4.2 now seeding to Romania carriers.; Android 4.4.2 now seeding to Romania carriers.
Maca, 28 Jan 2014Yes I love the design of htc one. Correction 9 out of 10 photographer are agree to high sat... more9 of 10 reviewers still prefer natural colours.. u can chk all d reviews made by them..
 
 what so great abt 1.9ghz if d Touchwiz still lag? even Note 3 2.3ghz still lag! That's bcoz Samsung added to many features & not all r really usefull..
 
 U love d screen just bcoz it's advance? U feel its fast just bcoz it's 1.9ghz? Come on...; 9 of 10 reviewers still prefer natural colours.. u can chk all d reviews made by them..; what so great abt 1.9ghz if d Touchwiz still lag? even Note 3 2.3ghz still lag! That's bcoz Samsung added to many features & not all r really usefull..; U love d screen just bcoz it's advance? U feel its fast just bcoz it's 1.9ghz? Come on...
choon916, 28 Jan 2014I have to admit that many of HTC One are having camera issue... But HTC One beats Galaxy S4... moreYes I love the design of htc one.
 
 Correction 9 out of 10 photographer are agree to high saturation color and vividness of the output images NOT the Natural color. Did you tell me the nexus 4 camera its better than S4 it because of Natural color. Htc one clock speed 1.7 and S4 speed is 1.9 compared to hardware part. this devise is prioritized by android after Nexus update either OTA or Kies even Odin in manual process. The features 2apps in one screen display real time multitasking. Design more people love the slim design. Display Amoled display is the Most Advance Technolgy until now.; Yes I love the design of htc one.; Correction 9 out of 10 photographer are agree to high saturation color and vividness of the output images NOT the Natural color. Did you tell me the nexus 4 camera its better than S4 it because of Natural color. Htc one clock speed 1.7 and S4 speed is 1.9 compared to hardware part. this devise is prioritized by android after Nexus update either OTA or Kies even Odin in manual process. The features 2apps in one screen display real time multitasking. Design more people love the slim design. Display Amoled display is the Most Advance Technolgy until now.
Best Phone Ever HTC, 27 Jan 2014It's in the public knowledge that S4 has lots of flaws as compared to HTC One. Even the CEO of... moreYeah its a symbol of humbleness although we know every people that Samsung can"t compare to other because this is the real brilliant invention of Samsung and I love the camera even the front cam is very clear.
 
 I love HTc one but I hate the camera, there so many htc one with bug purple tint in rear cam around in asia shipment and that is the hardware problem, its ok for me if the problem is only firmware, it possible to fix by update.; Yeah its a symbol of humbleness although we know every people that Samsung can"t compare to other because this is the real brilliant invention of Samsung and I love the camera even the front cam is very clear.; I love HTc one but I hate the camera, there so many htc one with bug purple tint in rear cam around in asia shipment and that is the hardware problem, its ok for me if the problem is only firmware, it possible to fix by update.
Maca, 28 Jan 2014I use Galaxy S4 and I found out this phone is super brilliant, super slim, better camera, andr... moreI have to admit that many of HTC One are having camera issue...
 
 But HTC One beats Galaxy S4 in
 
 1) Design
 2) Build quality
 3) Screen (Super Amoled is good but IPS LCD with natural colours is excellent!)
 4) Sound 
 5) UI (Sense is much better than Touchwiz, u will notice lag & crash after some time of use..)
 
 Samsung did admit Touchwiz has problem & that's why they are coming out with new UI this year..; I have to admit that many of HTC One are having camera issue...; But HTC One beats Galaxy S4 in; 1) Design; 2) Build quality; 3) Screen (Super Amoled is good but IPS LCD with natural colours is excellent!); 4) Sound; 5) UI (Sense is much better than Touchwiz, u will notice lag & crash after some time of use..); Samsung did admit Touchwiz has problem & that's why they are coming out with new UI this year..
hugo, 27 Jan 2014Pls how did they solve it for you because mine just after upgrading to 4.3Send back your phone to HTC service centre coz it's a hardware issue.. that's the only solution.. but expect to wait for weeks..; Send back your phone to HTC service centre coz it's a hardware issue.. that's the only solution.. but expect to wait for weeks..
Anonymous, 27 Jan 2014I've seen specs in the web that there is HTC ONE with 13MP camera? Is that a real HTC ONE or j... moreYes 13mp camera of htc one is a clone and real camera is 4um ultrapixel.; Yes 13mp camera of htc one is a clone and real camera is 4um ultrapixel.
I use Galaxy S4 and I found out this phone is super brilliant, super slim, better camera, android priority, no shutter lag, no hit (depend to user, more features without other phone, Multitasking, fast inet connection, and best smart phone. Just set the default setup and do not root or install unofficial Firmware.; I use Galaxy S4 and I found out this phone is super brilliant, super slim, better camera, android priority, no shutter lag, no hit (depend to user, more features without other phone, Multitasking, fast inet connection, and best smart phone. Just set the default setup and do not root or install unofficial Firmware.
Did pink tinted issue on HTC one camera fix by update 4.4?; Did pink tinted issue on HTC one camera fix by update 4.4?
my two friends had s4,both of them change battery and said this is the heater phone not smart phone.they changed it to htc one and butterfly s. please don't say again any thing about s4 the shame of smartphones; my two friends had s4,both of them change battery and said this is the heater phone not smart phone.they changed it to htc one and butterfly s. please don't say again any thing about s4 the shame of smartphones
Best Phone Ever HTC, 27 Jan 2014It's in the public knowledge that S4 has lots of flaws as compared to HTC One. Even the CEO of... moreWhen did the CEO of samsung say that s4 was a shame for samsung ?; When did the CEO of samsung say that s4 was a shame for samsung ?
choon916, 20 Jan 2014My HTC One only had 1 problem - Camera with purple tint... After HTC solved it for me, now it ... morePls how did they solve it for you because mine just after upgrading to 4.3; Pls how did they solve it for you because mine just after upgrading to 4.3
Maca, 27 Jan 2014Yes coz I have to experienced to used HTC One within 6 months and the problem is the camera pu... moreIt's in the public knowledge that S4 has lots of flaws as compared to HTC One. Even the CEO of samsung admitted that S4 has brought shame in our brand. Not all of us are having purple issues in our camera. Those who have problems with this phone would probably be on camera. But as for S4 it has many problems. Admitting to the truth has never killed anybody. If s4 is better than HTC One how come did HTC One became phone of the year in 2013? HTC my second religion; It's in the public knowledge that S4 has lots of flaws as compared to HTC One. Even the CEO of samsung admitted that S4 has brought shame in our brand. Not all of us are having purple issues in our camera. Those who have problems with this phone would probably be on camera. But as for S4 it has many problems. Admitting to the truth has never killed anybody. If s4 is better than HTC One how come did HTC One became phone of the year in 2013? HTC my second religion
still the best phone in the market 
 i have it for a10 month but cant't change any other phone are funny; still the best phone in the market; i have it for a10 month but cant't change any other phone are funny
I've seen specs in the web that there is HTC ONE with 13MP camera? Is that a real HTC ONE or just a clone?; I've seen specs in the web that there is HTC ONE with 13MP camera? Is that a real HTC ONE or just a clone?
Yes coz I have to experienced to used HTC One within 6 months and the problem is the camera purple tint around the screen during low light and no one can answer how to solve this issue..hardware camera or software firmware after that I decide to switch into gs4 now Superb camera with zero shutter lag, more feature, real multi tasking, slim phone, super fast and great 3g/LTE connection.; Yes coz I have to experienced to used HTC One within 6 months and the problem is the camera purple tint around the screen during low light and no one can answer how to solve this issue..hardware camera or software firmware after that I decide to switch into gs4 now Superb camera with zero shutter lag, more feature, real multi tasking, slim phone, super fast and great 3g/LTE connection.
Maca, 26 Jan 2014Brand new htc one has camera defective during camera shoot the purple tint at the low light ar... moreIs that what you came here for? Ooh really...; Is that what you came here for? Ooh really...
The great phone for me is galaxy s4 superb with great camera and zero shutter lag very fast and more features. Go galaxy s4.; The great phone for me is galaxy s4 superb with great camera and zero shutter lag very fast and more features. Go galaxy s4.
Brand new htc one has camera defective during camera shoot the purple tint at the low light area will appear. That is the hardware failure.; Brand new htc one has camera defective during camera shoot the purple tint at the low light area will appear. That is the hardware failure.
Does anyone how much does the htc one screen costs? mine is working fine but it has some scratches.; Does anyone how much does the htc one screen costs? mine is working fine but it has some scratches.
SohailZafar, 26 Jan 2014Hi and GOOD MORNING to all out theres, I looking for a solid device for myself. Currently I us... moreNokia Lumia 1520 or Galaxy Note 3 might suit u..
 
 HTC One Max also very good in social network & multimedia, good build quality, strong battery & no lag too.. but just the camera can't be compared to Lumia 1520 or Note 3..; Nokia Lumia 1520 or Galaxy Note 3 might suit u..; HTC One Max also very good in social network & multimedia, good build quality, strong battery & no lag too.. but just the camera can't be compared to Lumia 1520 or Note 3..
SohailZafar, 26 Jan 2014Hi and GOOD MORNING to all out theres, I looking for a solid device for myself. Currently I us... moreI have htc one
 but for what you need
 go for note 3 for sure
 htc camera is not that perfect camera
 and battery is average
 for sure go to note 3; I have htc one; but for what you need; go for note 3 for sure; htc camera is not that perfect camera; and battery is average; for sure go to note 3
Hi and GOOD MORNING to all out theres, I looking for a solid device for myself. Currently I using LUMIA 720 Which serves me really well since last 10 months but now I want to change my handset. I HAVE CHOOSE FOUR SMARTPHONES (Nokia Lumia 1520, IPHONE 5S,GALAXY NOTE 3 ,HTC ONE & SONY EXPERIA Z1) My preferences for the device are !
 1. Solid and catchy build quality.
 2. A good snap shooter.
 3. Should have Best battery Backup.
 4. I am heavy user of social networking apps.
 5. Should have quality hardware with no lags.
 6. Should have quality games I m not a heavy gamer but sometimes I use to play games.
 Kindly any one help me to choose right one for me.; Hi and GOOD MORNING to all out theres, I looking for a solid device for myself. Currently I using LUMIA 720 Which serves me really well since last 10 months but now I want to change my handset. I HAVE CHOOSE FOUR SMARTPHONES (Nokia Lumia 1520, IPHONE 5S,GALAXY NOTE 3 ,HTC ONE & SONY EXPERIA Z1) My preferences for the device are !; 1. Solid and catchy build quality.; 2. A good snap shooter.; 3. Should have Best battery Backup.; 4. I am heavy user of social networking apps.; 5. Should have quality hardware with no lags.; 6. Should have quality games I m not a heavy gamer but sometimes I use to play games.; Kindly any one help me to choose right one for me.
A good one but just can't be compared with samsung high-end phones. But especially I like beats audio.; A good one but just can't be compared with samsung high-end phones. But especially I like beats audio.
missy11, 25 Jan 201490% of asian shipment of htc one that camera has became purple on rear camera during low light... moreMy HTC one, just came back for warranty repair. They replaced new camera; My HTC one, just came back for warranty repair. They replaced new camera
Good phone, but for camera 4 MP thumbs down; Good phone, but for camera 4 MP thumbs down
Good phone, but for camera 4 Mpa thumbs down; Good phone, but for camera 4 Mpa thumbs down
worlds no.1 phone 
 best phone superrrbbbbbbbb; worlds no.1 phone; best phone superrrbbbbbbbb
90% of asian shipment of htc one that camera has became purple on rear camera during low light specially night time in the outdoor area. it is hardware or software problem?; 90% of asian shipment of htc one that camera has became purple on rear camera during low light specially night time in the outdoor area. it is hardware or software problem?
guys,in ultra pixel camera each pixel size is 3 or 3.5 times bigger and gets more light.so you can zoom and enlarge the picture.4*3 or 3.5 equals 12 or 14 mega pixel.ultra pixel is excellent and recommended especially for low light.but normally in usual and day and....; guys,in ultra pixel camera each pixel size is 3 or 3.5 times bigger and gets more light.so you can zoom and enlarge the picture.4*3 or 3.5 equals 12 or 14 mega pixel.ultra pixel is excellent and recommended especially for low light.but normally in usual and day and....
Best phone ever it has brought happiness to my daily life. Well done HTC even HTC butterfly S that my pal is using its a great phone. My wife is HTC One Max which is superb. Thank U HTC; Best phone ever it has brought happiness to my daily life. Well done HTC even HTC butterfly S that my pal is using its a great phone. My wife is HTC One Max which is superb. Thank U HTC
Niru24, 24 Jan 2014Is der sense 5.5 available fr diz phone ??????? after upgrade your phone.; after upgrade your phone.
Is der sense 5.5 available fr diz phone ???????; Is der sense 5.5 available fr diz phone ???????
I just bought an htc one from dubai and it's on android 4.3 , the wifi doesn't connect from large distance , i should be very very close to the router , any HELP ??; I just bought an htc one from dubai and it's on android 4.3 , the wifi doesn't connect from large distance , i should be very very close to the router , any HELP ??
kjgfa, 24 Jan 2014why the camera only 4mp.i can get the camera mpIs bigger always better? ;-); Is bigger always better? ;-)
The camera dosnt ultra pixel???; The camera dosnt ultra pixel???
why the camera only 4mp.i can get the camera mp; why the camera only 4mp.i can get the camera mp
isnt anybody getting the 4.4.2 update?; isnt anybody getting the 4.4.2 update?
Good phone. Love the sound & clarity. Solidly built and fast. Camera is moderate, not as good as Samsung and Sony.; Good phone. Love the sound & clarity. Solidly built and fast. Camera is moderate, not as good as Samsung and Sony.
Display/Speakers/Processor : 4.5-5 star
 Camera/Integrity/flexibility: 4star
 Battery: 3.5star
 
 Finally found an replacement for my Nokia-701...; Display/Speakers/Processor : 4.5-5 star; Camera/Integrity/flexibility: 4star; Battery: 3.5star; Finally found an replacement for my Nokia-701...
It is not just 4MP camera it is 4UP (ultra pixels); It is not just 4MP camera it is 4UP (ultra pixels)
HTC One, gonna last for years, best experience I have with a smartphone.
 I Wish You will continue to be The Best.; HTC One, gonna last for years, best experience I have with a smartphone.; I Wish You will continue to be The Best.
Does it only have 4 MP of camera........?????????????; Does it only have 4 MP of camera........?????????????
Me too may Htc one have a purple tint,, how can you solve it? Please reply tnx; Me too may Htc one have a purple tint,, how can you solve it? Please reply tnx
Suresh, 22 Jan 2014Oh gosh... Is camera perfect without replace??? You are the only person who had the perfect ca... moreDo you use your phone like a laptop ?; Do you use your phone like a laptop ?
Can you tell me.. Which hands-free going best with my HTC one? 
 1-HTC one original handsfree or
 2-beats handsfree; Can you tell me.. Which hands-free going best with my HTC one?; 1-HTC one original handsfree or; 2-beats handsfree
Fed of using or listning Samsung,Noika or Iphone ....this the best phone for a change ... i bet on it; Fed of using or listning Samsung,Noika or Iphone ....this the best phone for a change ... i bet on it
This phone is Amazing especially widgets,video highlites,Photo edits and BEAT audio; This phone is Amazing especially widgets,video highlites,Photo edits and BEAT audio
Burglou, 18 Jan 2014This is by far the best phone i ever use. Battery 3days camera perfect and always smooth like ... moreOh gosh... Is camera perfect without replace??? You are the only person who had the perfect camera.. Please check whether it is HTC One or anything else.. I think u dont use ur phone, so only u get 3 days batter backup. For me its only 1/2 day... now i carry a portable charger to charege my phone :(; Oh gosh... Is camera perfect without replace??? You are the only person who had the perfect camera.. Please check whether it is HTC One or anything else.. I think u dont use ur phone, so only u get 3 days batter backup. For me its only 1/2 day... now i carry a portable charger to charege my phone :(
malelaio, 18 Jan 20143 days battery Hard to believe it Never ever for all smartphones Except If you turn it of... moreI think you wont use your phone so only battery life is 3 days.. For me its only 1/2 day.. :(; I think you wont use your phone so only battery life is 3 days.. For me its only 1/2 day.. :(
If apple produces this device and sells with USD 1,000;it sells hundred million.... if HTC produces ip5s and sells with 200usd; it sells only 1-2 million... This is the power of image and perception..Anyway; HTC One is the best; If apple produces this device and sells with USD 1,000;it sells hundred million.... if HTC produces ip5s and sells with 200usd; it sells only 1-2 million... This is the power of image and perception..Anyway; HTC One is the best
I.scorp, 20 Jan 2014hi,you can buy international version,also you can change the rom if can go to htc branches in ... morethankz 4 ur valuable suggestion dear...can u plz tell me that does the international version will have international warranty from htc.; thankz 4 ur valuable suggestion dear...can u plz tell me that does the international version will have international warranty from htc.
got problems with sync; got problems with sync
After almost a year it's still the king of the smartphone hill. ;); After almost a year it's still the king of the smartphone hill. ;)
zakk, 19 Jan 2014helo evry1..i stay in KSA and would lyk 2 buy this fone and use it in india, so i jst wnna kno... morehi,you can buy international version,also you can change the rom if can go to htc branches in your country or state and pay about 20$ to change the rom. that rom is original and would get update. 
 good luck; hi,you can buy international version,also you can change the rom if can go to htc branches in your country or state and pay about 20$ to change the rom. that rom is original and would get update.; good luck
sathiya, 19 Jan 2014hai... I am also in saudi arabia... I purchased thin phone dec, 2013.... In al khobar... phone... moredear sathiya the new smartphone uses battery a lot. when you buy a quad core1.7 cpu and 2gig of ram and the high screen quality,that is normal to lost battery.the lovely one has a lot of benefit that covers the middle or good range battery.but I like to see htc make better battery like butterfly s battery capacity.enjoy of 2013 best phone+best design and best gadget.be happy; dear sathiya the new smartphone uses battery a lot. when you buy a quad core1.7 cpu and 2gig of ram and the high screen quality,that is normal to lost battery.the lovely one has a lot of benefit that covers the middle or good range battery.but I like to see htc make better battery like butterfly s battery capacity.enjoy of 2013 best phone+best design and best gadget.be happy
sathiya, 19 Jan 2014hai... I am also in saudi arabia... I purchased thin phone dec, 2013.... In al khobar... phone... moreOh thankz buddy...what was da price and from where did you buy. which version of android is it and do you have international warranty; Oh thankz buddy...what was da price and from where did you buy. which version of android is it and do you have international warranty
Am in Nigeria. Used the phone for one month now. Have issues with battery life and screen resolution. Need reliable battery to enjoy this phone which I had craved for.Please assist.; Am in Nigeria. Used the phone for one month now. Have issues with battery life and screen resolution. Need reliable battery to enjoy this phone which I had craved for.Please assist.
This is a great device i have ever used.. HTC One beats SGS4, Xperia Z, ip5s.. especially, design is perfect.. do not consider the trolls' comments :) i am waiting for htc one m8 (or one two or one+)...; This is a great device i have ever used.. HTC One beats SGS4, Xperia Z, ip5s.. especially, design is perfect.. do not consider the trolls' comments :) i am waiting for htc one m8 (or one two or one+)...
great phone; great phone
not possible that you have all these problems. if only three months old exchange for a replacement. HTC are very good in the customer service area.; not possible that you have all these problems. if only three months old exchange for a replacement. HTC are very good in the customer service area.
still the best; still the best
alexap, 19 Jan 2014DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE! Have had one of these for 3 months - nothing but problems, one thing af... moreMy HTC One only had 1 problem - Camera with purple tint... After HTC solved it for me, now it is the best device i ever used!
 
 Amazing screen, top quality sound, smooth & stable UI & many more...; My HTC One only had 1 problem - Camera with purple tint... After HTC solved it for me, now it is the best device i ever used!; Amazing screen, top quality sound, smooth & stable UI & many more...
alexap, 19 Jan 2014DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE! Have had one of these for 3 months - nothing but problems, one thing af... moremaybe you bought cheap chinese clone :)))))); maybe you bought cheap chinese clone :))))))
zakk, 19 Jan 2014helo evry1..i stay in KSA and would lyk 2 buy this fone and use it in india, so i jst wnna kno... morehai... I am also in saudi arabia... I purchased thin phone dec, 2013.... In al khobar... phone is very nice but problem is only battery... No need to unlock this phone.. we can use any where in world...; hai... I am also in saudi arabia... I purchased thin phone dec, 2013.... In al khobar... phone is very nice but problem is only battery... No need to unlock this phone.. we can use any where in world...
DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE! Have had one of these for 3 months - nothing but problems, one thing after another - calls dropping out, missing contacts, no internet, not compatible with mac, screen freezes, I could go on and on, will switch back to something that works i.e iPhone. Absolutely terrible, spoke to htc themselves and they confirmed there are a number of issues with the phone, a shame Vodafone didn't tell me this when they recommended the phone to me, what a pile of crap, you have been warned!; DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE! Have had one of these for 3 months - nothing but problems, one thing after another - calls dropping out, missing contacts, no internet, not compatible with mac, screen freezes, I could go on and on, will switch back to something that works i.e iPhone. Absolutely terrible, spoke to htc themselves and they confirmed there are a number of issues with the phone, a shame Vodafone didn't tell me this when they recommended the phone to me, what a pile of crap, you have been warned!
helo evry1..i stay in KSA and would lyk 2 buy this fone and use it in india, so i jst wnna know, whtr i have 2 unlock smthing lyk that or is there any interntional version available, so that i get future updates anywhere.; helo evry1..i stay in KSA and would lyk 2 buy this fone and use it in india, so i jst wnna know, whtr i have 2 unlock smthing lyk that or is there any interntional version available, so that i get future updates anywhere.
malelaio, 18 Jan 20143 days battery Hard to believe it Never ever for all smartphones Except If you turn it of... moreYes it does, with moderate usage, with very heavy usage one full day; Yes it does, with moderate usage, with very heavy usage one full day
Burglou, 18 Jan 2014This is by far the best phone i ever use. Battery 3days camera perfect and always smooth like ... more3 days battery
 Hard to believe it
 Never ever for all smartphones
 Except 
 If you turn it off for 3 days; 3 days battery; Hard to believe it; Never ever for all smartphones; Except; If you turn it off for 3 days
This is by far the best phone i ever use. Battery 3days camera perfect and always smooth like butter. Had S4 , G2 , Experia Z and i must say the ONE rocks; This is by far the best phone i ever use. Battery 3days camera perfect and always smooth like butter. Had S4 , G2 , Experia Z and i must say the ONE rocks
Primary camara have 4 ultrapixels , is different than megapixels...; Primary camara have 4 ultrapixels , is different than megapixels...
After using this phone 10 month ago i can advise all smartphone user to buy this great phone 
 Battery life excellent better then s4
 Camera 4 ultra pixel can take amazing photo
 Color silver it's fantastic black more premium 
 No problem at all 
 And nw the m8 coming soon; After using this phone 10 month ago i can advise all smartphone user to buy this great phone; Battery life excellent better then s4; Camera 4 ultra pixel can take amazing photo; Color silver it's fantastic black more premium; No problem at all; And nw the m8 coming soon
Stanley08, 18 Jan 2014My Note 3 says "Ha Ha!" :PWe are so happy for your oversized regionlocked POS. I guess you could not afford an unlocked real phone, have to buy everything on 2 year contract dont we?; We are so happy for your oversized regionlocked POS. I guess you could not afford an unlocked real phone, have to buy everything on 2 year contract dont we?
Anonymous, 17 Jan 2014I'm a proud user of Htc One about 6 months. No lags, no any kind of issues, perfect device. I... moreHI there,
 WHich color looks good....black or silver?....have not seen the phone and might order the same online so confused..pls help..Thanks in advance; HI there,; WHich color looks good....black or silver?....have not seen the phone and might order the same online so confused..pls help..Thanks in advance
is this real that the camera of the htc one is only 4 mp ?!!!!; is this real that the camera of the htc one is only 4 mp ?!!!!
how about battery life???; how about battery life???
Samiuli, 17 Jan 2014I am little bit confused about 3 Handset. Which one you suggest. HTC One, Xperia Z, Xperia Z1. Z and one is outdated but still give u fast,no lag and awesone camera quality, z1 is top notch spec in the market right now...no difference brtween them if usage is normal...unless u play high graphic games and very particular about the phone spec.; Z and one is outdated but still give u fast,no lag and awesone camera quality, z1 is top notch spec in the market right now...no difference brtween them if usage is normal...unless u play high graphic games and very particular about the phone spec.
Samiuli, 17 Jan 2014I am little bit confused about 3 Handset. Which one you suggest. HTC One, Xperia Z, Xperia Z1. Z and one is outdated but still give u fast,no lag and awesone camera quality, z1 is top notch spec in the market right now...no difference brtween them if usage is normal...unless u play high graphic games and very particular about the phone spec.; Z and one is outdated but still give u fast,no lag and awesone camera quality, z1 is top notch spec in the market right now...no difference brtween them if usage is normal...unless u play high graphic games and very particular about the phone spec.
My Note 3 says "Ha Ha!" :P; My Note 3 says "Ha Ha!" :P
I'm a proud user of Htc One about 6 months. No lags, no any kind of issues, perfect device. I recomend it to everyone.; I'm a proud user of Htc One about 6 months. No lags, no any kind of issues, perfect device. I recomend it to everyone.
im very disapointed because htc abandon one of the better gadgets of the last time in my country this handset is sellin under contract about $180 dollars plus contract, its seems this device wont get kk ?? bad to bad; im very disapointed because htc abandon one of the better gadgets of the last time in my country this handset is sellin under contract about $180 dollars plus contract, its seems this device wont get kk ?? bad to bad
Been using this phone for more than 6 months now. Never hang, superb performance, this is the lord of all phones!; Been using this phone for more than 6 months now. Never hang, superb performance, this is the lord of all phones!
Anyone have the purple screen issue with the recent bought ?; Anyone have the purple screen issue with the recent bought ?
Volvo240, 16 Jan 2014The quintessential android phoneSony Xperia Z1, Samsung Galaxy Note 3; Sony Xperia Z1, Samsung Galaxy Note 3
Anonymous, 16 Jan 2014Is it common,the issue of purple tint in camera or HTC ONE? I want to buy one, but worrying o... moreSony Z1 is better choice...; Sony Z1 is better choice...
choon916, 17 Jan 2014I'm sure One Max is the loudest.. but whether is the best sound or not.. is very subjective.. ... moreThanks, I'll check them out.; Thanks, I'll check them out.
[deleted post]I'm sure One Max is the loudest.. but whether is the best sound or not.. is very subjective..
 
 There are some video clips in Youtube comparing sound between One, One Max & Butterfly S.. check it out..; I'm sure One Max is the loudest.. but whether is the best sound or not.. is very subjective..; There are some video clips in Youtube comparing sound between One, One Max & Butterfly S.. check it out..
HTC one. When only the best will do; HTC one. When only the best will do
I am little bit confused about 3 Handset. Which one you suggest. HTC One, Xperia Z, Xperia Z1.; I am little bit confused about 3 Handset. Which one you suggest. HTC One, Xperia Z, Xperia Z1.
the lord of phone and lord of gadget in last year. further the lord of design.i surely tell you the htc M8 (one 2) will win the crown again.the problem of htc is advertising.and the other reason is some brands cheating and invention.like sa..... that cheat customer for marketing.but professional know the quality and htc.; the lord of phone and lord of gadget in last year. further the lord of design.i surely tell you the htc M8 (one 2) will win the crown again.the problem of htc is advertising.and the other reason is some brands cheating and invention.like sa..... that cheat customer for marketing.but professional know the quality and htc.
htc one is amazing i used my friends phone for a month and its really good but the think that i dont like about it is its android look; htc one is amazing i used my friends phone for a month and its really good but the think that i dont like about it is its android look
my one is great wow now time for two come on htc now tow i love htc; my one is great wow now time for two come on htc now tow i love htc
all hail the one; all hail the one
Blue tinge worth the camera? No worries,it's all been fixed.; Blue tinge worth the camera? No worries,it's all been fixed.
HTC one to HTC two. Can't wait.; HTC one to HTC two. Can't wait.
abadeer, 16 Jan 2014please help me i will buy a new mob next week. should i buy htc one or sony xperia z1 some... morego for htc one..the best of the best; go for htc one..the best of the best
Is it common,the issue of purple tint in camera or HTC ONE? I want to buy one, but worrying of this issue going on. Thinking of going for Z1 or a S4Active.; Is it common,the issue of purple tint in camera or HTC ONE? I want to buy one, but worrying of this issue going on. Thinking of going for Z1 or a S4Active.
The quintessential android phone; The quintessential android phone
scoobydam, 15 Jan 2014hi bro so ur htc is repaired by service centre could you please give me one favour, in low ... moreI just sent some photos of my HTC One in dark & with lens fully covered to your email.. pls check..; I just sent some photos of my HTC One in dark & with lens fully covered to your email.. pls check..
please help me 
 i will buy a new mob next week. 
 should i buy htc one or sony xperia z1 some people told me that z1 is getting heat usually please help send me 
 at abadeer@hotmail.com
 thank you.; please help me; i will buy a new mob next week.; should i buy htc one or sony xperia z1 some people told me that z1 is getting heat usually please help send me; at abadeer@hotmail.com; thank you.
The best smart phone on the market; The best smart phone on the market
scoobydam, 15 Jan 2014hi bro so ur htc is repaired by service centre could you please give me one favour, in low ... moreIt's very simple..
 
 Before repaired, when i on the camera & fully covered the lens, the screen showed purple (that means problem)..
 
 After repaired, now the screen shows pure black (that means no problem)..
 
 Anyone with the above problem, send your HTC One for repair, i suggest no more waiting coz i don't think software update will solve the problem..
 
 If you repair after warranty expired, then you need to pay!; It's very simple..; Before repaired, when i on the camera & fully covered the lens, the screen showed purple (that means problem)..; After repaired, now the screen shows pure black (that means no problem)..; Anyone with the above problem, send your HTC One for repair, i suggest no more waiting coz i don't think software update will solve the problem..; If you repair after warranty expired, then you need to pay!
hi bro
 
 so ur htc is repaired by service centre could you please give me one favour, in low light open the camera app and take the open camera app snap because in my htc when I open the camera app its shown purple tint but when I capture the image its gone its not shown so plz send me the photo in email umer_khan_5@yahoo.com
 
 please send the pic I want to confirm ....; hi bro; so ur htc is repaired by service centre could you please give me one favour, in low light open the camera app and take the open camera app snap because in my htc when I open the camera app its shown purple tint but when I capture the image its gone its not shown so plz send me the photo in email umer_khan_5@yahoo.com; please send the pic I want to confirm ....
Great phone; Great phone
tani, 14 Jan 2014I'm using HTC One from two weeks now...and I used to love Nokia. But, GOD, from the very first... morethis is what i just mentioned on the board of the article talking about Nokia and their glove touch screen ability...
 
 once you use the HTC one, you will like it..very much..
 
 nokia and others dont come close..especially if you are an addict of certain features HTC one offers..like news screen etc...
 windows tiles are just not for me...i think they are ugly and dont suit the phone sized UIs..; this is what i just mentioned on the board of the article talking about Nokia and their glove touch screen ability...; once you use the HTC one, you will like it..very much..; nokia and others dont come close..especially if you are an addict of certain features HTC one offers..like news screen etc...; windows tiles are just not for me...i think they are ugly and dont suit the phone sized UIs..
This is a well known issue already... for months...
 
 I sent my HTC One back to the service centre in Dec'13 & got it back in Jan'14... waited nearly 1 month...
 
 So far, no more purple tint & i'm happy with the camera now... 
 
 Send back your phone now & don't wait for software update... i think that is the only solution...; This is a well known issue already... for months...; I sent my HTC One back to the service centre in Dec'13 & got it back in Jan'14... waited nearly 1 month...; So far, no more purple tint & i'm happy with the camera now...; Send back your phone now & don't wait for software update... i think that is the only solution...
HTC one has some issues in its camera. Look the below links
 
 http://www.neowin.net/news/htc-one-purple-camera-not-fixed-in-the-latest-update 
 
 http://www.techradar.com/news/phone-and-communications/mobile-phones/fix-for-htc-one-camera-issues-coming-with-android-4-3-update-1181125 
 
 All my friends those who won htc one has the same issues. This issue was not yet fixed in latest update.
 
 Is any solution for this?; HTC one has some issues in its camera. Look the below links; All my friends those who won htc one has the same issues. This issue was not yet fixed in latest update.; Is any solution for this?
Great phone,it's got the look,the quality and the build.; Great phone,it's got the look,the quality and the build.
I've never understand why people don't see that HTC develops superior quality devices, the construction of this phone is amazing, the full aluminium body in a surprisingly light phone is really more than what I expected to be. The sense 5 is quite nice, makes it look very elegant and stylish. This device is certainly a premium product, far away from that cheap-plastic feel you get from other cellphones around.; I've never understand why people don't see that HTC develops superior quality devices, the construction of this phone is amazing, the full aluminium body in a surprisingly light phone is really more than what I expected to be. The sense 5 is quite nice, makes it look very elegant and stylish. This device is certainly a premium product, far away from that cheap-plastic feel you get from other cellphones around.
htc one is good bt xperia z1 is gooooooooooooood; htc one is good bt xperia z1 is gooooooooooooood
tani, 14 Jan 2014I'm using HTC One from two weeks now...and I used to love Nokia. But, GOD, from the very first... moreBest comment ever; Best comment ever
I'm using HTC One from two weeks now...and I used to love Nokia. But, GOD, from the very first moment I touched this beauty, I'm in love with it. It's like touching a beautiful and virgin woman, a first love story...Best smartphone ever produced!!!; I'm using HTC One from two weeks now...and I used to love Nokia. But, GOD, from the very first moment I touched this beauty, I'm in love with it. It's like touching a beautiful and virgin woman, a first love story...Best smartphone ever produced!!!
The HTC One is a very great phone. Excellent design, well rounded UI, updates come to devices as fast as iOS devices, and the camera is well rounded offering great quality and good low light performance. I would highly recommend getting this device.; The HTC One is a very great phone. Excellent design, well rounded UI, updates come to devices as fast as iOS devices, and the camera is well rounded offering great quality and good low light performance. I would highly recommend getting this device.
akash21, 12 Jan 2014HTC one vs LG G2 .. which one is better ???g2 top; g2 top
akash21, 12 Jan 2014HTC one vs LG G2 .. which one is better ???Definitely HTC mate. I have used and returned the LG and now using the HTC. It beats it in many ways. LG laggs a lot. Hard to hold. HTC is smooth well built camera is a beauty. If u get one make sure it doesn't have purple tint and doesn't get hot. They r related. If it gets hot it gives purple tint. Return and get a new one.; Definitely HTC mate. I have used and returned the LG and now using the HTC. It beats it in many ways. LG laggs a lot. Hard to hold. HTC is smooth well built camera is a beauty. If u get one make sure it doesn't have purple tint and doesn't get hot. They r related. If it gets hot it gives purple tint. Return and get a new one.
keshu, 08 Jan 2014I have HTC ONE, can I install 4.4 KITKAT direct without installing 4.2 & 4.3?Cannot install in Pookkottumpadam ,Malappuram; Cannot install in Pookkottumpadam ,Malappuram
HTC one vs LG G2 .. which one is better ???; HTC one vs LG G2 .. which one is better ???
Hi,
 
 Definitely u need to backup all your important contacts, data & settings.. & if p&c, delete them after backup..
 
 HTC has built in backup or u may download apps to do it for u..
 
 Mine before sent in using 4.1.2 with Sense 5 but after returned, they upgraded to 4.3 with Sense 5.5.. so, everything is gone, it's like brand new out of the box..; Hi,; Definitely u need to backup all your important contacts, data & settings.. & if p&c, delete them after backup..; HTC has built in backup or u may download apps to do it for u..; Mine before sent in using 4.1.2 with Sense 5 but after returned, they upgraded to 4.3 with Sense 5.5.. so, everything is gone, it's like brand new out of the box..
choon916, 11 Jan 2014Sent my HTC One to repair purple tint issue on 16/12/13, just got my phone back today (11/1/14... moreHi choon916, I plan to repair my HTC too due to the stupid purple tint. I have a question, so before you give your phone to them, do you need to erase all the data in your phone and back it up?; Hi choon916, I plan to repair my HTC too due to the stupid purple tint. I have a question, so before you give your phone to them, do you need to erase all the data in your phone and back it up?
I have use 6 mobiles of htc. In every mobile I face problems like battery, WiFi signal, camera, hang etc. Now I wil never buy htc.; I have use 6 mobiles of htc. In every mobile I face problems like battery, WiFi signal, camera, hang etc. Now I wil never buy htc.
Anyone using a jays one plus earphone for HTC one? Is that better for HTC one? Or tell me a better earphone model for HTC one.; Anyone using a jays one plus earphone for HTC one? Is that better for HTC one? Or tell me a better earphone model for HTC one.
Sent my HTC One to repair purple tint issue on 16/12/13, just got my phone back today (11/1/14).. waiting almost a month..
 
 No scratch on my phone & purple tint issue solved! 
 I'm so lucky & happy! Thank you HTC!; Sent my HTC One to repair purple tint issue on 16/12/13, just got my phone back today (11/1/14).. waiting almost a month..; No scratch on my phone & purple tint issue solved!; I'm so lucky & happy! Thank you HTC!
who know is it lovekara call recorder apps can support in this phone or not . Thankyou . I need this apps in htc one; who know is it lovekara call recorder apps can support in this phone or not . Thankyou . I need this apps in htc one
TxdY, 09 Jan 2014I had seen this issue in an article lastly and this is really annoying. I'm planning to buy an... moreNobody can confirm whether is a software or hardware issue except HTC.. but so far they just keep quiet & didn't say anything..
 
 I own HTC One, never update the Android system (still using 4.1.2 since out of the box), but after 3 months use, the purple tint issue started..
 
 If you like the features of HTC One, i suggest you go for Butterfly S or One Max.. so far, didn't notice any problem about these 2 devices..; Nobody can confirm whether is a software or hardware issue except HTC.. but so far they just keep quiet & didn't say anything..; I own HTC One, never update the Android system (still using 4.1.2 since out of the box), but after 3 months use, the purple tint issue started..; If you like the features of HTC One, i suggest you go for Butterfly S or One Max.. so far, didn't notice any problem about these 2 devices..
Flyhigh, 06 Jan 2014I use to own this model.i use it for 5 month..after 4.2.2 update, the camera has pink/purple t... moreI had seen this issue in an article lastly and this is really annoying. I'm planning to buy an HTC one. I wonder if I'm not updating the phone, I won't face those camera issues?? are the software updates really needed?; I had seen this issue in an article lastly and this is really annoying. I'm planning to buy an HTC one. I wonder if I'm not updating the phone, I won't face those camera issues?? are the software updates really needed?
Anonymous, 07 Jan 2014Is this phone have very high volume when playing music through headphones? Am looking for t... moreYou've found what you're looking for.. it's pretty damn loud.. I'm using beats mxer and my ears can't bear the maximum volume.. try it(&#12288;^&#969;^); You've found what you're looking for.. it's pretty damn loud.. I'm using beats mxer and my ears can't bear the maximum volume.. try it(&#12288;^&#969;^)
keshu, 08 Jan 2014I have HTC ONE, can I install 4.4 KITKAT direct without installing 4.2 & 4.3?Yes..; Yes..
nice phone; nice phone
I have HTC ONE, can I install 4.4 KITKAT direct without installing 4.2 & 4.3?; I have HTC ONE, can I install 4.4 KITKAT direct without installing 4.2 & 4.3?
I have HTC ONE, can I install 4.4 KITKAT direct without installing 4.2 & 4.3?; I have HTC ONE, can I install 4.4 KITKAT direct without installing 4.2 & 4.3?
how about price...?
 
 and one of my htc r212 does not suporting java apps. so what can i do ...?; how about price...?; and one of my htc r212 does not suporting java apps. so what can i do ...?
amar, 07 Jan 2014How is internet speed of htc one on sim there is no 3G internet in my rural area .so I need hi... moreYou can go for HTC one max or Samsung Note 3; You can go for HTC one max or Samsung Note 3
How is internet speed of htc one on sim there is no 3G internet in my rural area .so I need high good phone for internet suffering n downloading .now I have iPhone 5 . The internet speed of iPhone is not good nor bad on sim . So I decide to sell iPhone n buy htc one for Internet plz tell me which is Gud phone for internet htc one or others mobile plZ plZ reply me; How is internet speed of htc one on sim there is no 3G internet in my rural area .so I need high good phone for internet suffering n downloading .now I have iPhone 5 . The internet speed of iPhone is not good nor bad on sim . So I decide to sell iPhone n buy htc one for Internet plz tell me which is Gud phone for internet htc one or others mobile plZ plZ reply me
its a good phone, with the best of both worlds (good build quality & android)
 but I have had 2 problems in 5 months, firstly the camera stopped working and now the phone just keeps restarting and wont boot up.
 It has just been sent of for repair and im considering of selling it once it has been fixed and try something different, maybe a iphone 5s.; its a good phone, with the best of both worlds (good build quality & android); but I have had 2 problems in 5 months, firstly the camera stopped working and now the phone just keeps restarting and wont boot up.; It has just been sent of for repair and im considering of selling it once it has been fixed and try something different, maybe a iphone 5s.
Anonymous, 07 Jan 2014Is this phone have very high volume when playing music through headphones? Am looking for t... moreThis is the best for music with the loudest sound..But when it comes to camera pictures are distortrd when took with even minimum zoom..hv u guys facing it?; This is the best for music with the loudest sound..But when it comes to camera pictures are distortrd when took with even minimum zoom..hv u guys facing it?
Is this phone have very high volume when playing music through headphones?
 
 Am looking for the loudest phone?; Is this phone have very high volume when playing music through headphones?; Am looking for the loudest phone?
Flyhigh, 06 Jan 2014I use to own this model.i use it for 5 month..after 4.2.2 update, the camera has pink/purple t... moreExactly.. I had the same experience like u..
 
 HTC is almost perfect except the camera purple tint issue.. made me & so many other users disappointed..
 
 I decided the trade in my HTC One.. & go for One Max.. giving HTC a 2nd chance..; Exactly.. I had the same experience like u..; HTC is almost perfect except the camera purple tint issue.. made me & so many other users disappointed..; I decided the trade in my HTC One.. & go for One Max.. giving HTC a 2nd chance..
Adil, 06 Jan 2014HTC One or Apple iPhone 4s????????????is this a trick question?; is this a trick question?
amber, 06 Jan 2014is d camera quality of dis phone is actually right,,, bcoz it iz not compatible with it's cost... moreI use to own this model.i use it for 5 month..after 4.2.2 update, the camera has pink/purple tint in low light condition.so sad, the phone was almost perfect for me before the pink tint.
 The camera problem drop my mood to own it.
 SC took so long to repair coz of many htc one in queue for repair plus limited sensor stock.decide to trade in with Ip5.
 Htc one camera picture quality is good..b4 the pink tint..well its not as good as a 8mp coz when u zoom in, it shows pixelated image;blur etc.its good enuf for FB Instagram post.
 Decide to change to ip5 coz..well i got a 2 year old boy..
 I dont want my kid pic to be pinkish coz i want to keep his childhood pics, thats all.
 But after 3 month with ip5, i started to miss htc one,except the camera...; I use to own this model.i use it for 5 month..after 4.2.2 update, the camera has pink/purple tint in low light condition.so sad, the phone was almost perfect for me before the pink tint.; The camera problem drop my mood to own it.; SC took so long to repair coz of many htc one in queue for repair plus limited sensor stock.decide to trade in with Ip5.; Htc one camera picture quality is good..b4 the pink tint..well its not as good as a 8mp coz when u zoom in, it shows pixelated image;blur etc.its good enuf for FB Instagram post.; Decide to change to ip5 coz..well i got a 2 year old boy..; I dont want my kid pic to be pinkish coz i want to keep his childhood pics, thats all.; But after 3 month with ip5, i started to miss htc one,except the camera...
is d camera quality of dis phone is actually right,,, bcoz it iz not compatible with it's cost... plz reply me....; is d camera quality of dis phone is actually right,,, bcoz it iz not compatible with it's cost... plz reply me....
try the new snapdragon battery app. it extends the battery life of my htc one significantly!; try the new snapdragon battery app. it extends the battery life of my htc one significantly!
setting=about=software updates....thats it .HTC ONE the best ONE.; setting=about=software updates....thats it .HTC ONE the best ONE.
Ehab Soliman, 03 Jan 2014It's 4 ultra pixel not mega pixelIt still can be called umegapixel. Those are just enlarged megapixels from standart popular size and htc is branding them as ultrapixl. Amazing for low light shows and gets very accurate color shots but it isnt so good at sharpness when you zoom.; It still can be called umegapixel. Those are just enlarged megapixels from standart popular size and htc is branding them as ultrapixl. Amazing for low light shows and gets very accurate color shots but it isnt so good at sharpness when you zoom.
Rjzsteve, 04 Jan 2014Hi guys...im using factory unlocked AT&T phone(U.S) in India...I couldn't update it to And... moreLocation update issues probably. When you try to update it detects where you are and gives you update acording to region like every other android manufacturer. Try setting up automatic update via wifi so you can be notified about the latest update when it comes to your region.; Location update issues probably. When you try to update it detects where you are and gives you update acording to region like every other android manufacturer. Try setting up automatic update via wifi so you can be notified about the latest update when it comes to your region.
i bought HTC ONE recently, but i am not seen the option of software update in my phone setting so now how can i get it?; i bought HTC ONE recently, but i am not seen the option of software update in my phone setting so now how can i get it?
Adil, 06 Jan 2014HTC One or Apple iPhone 4s????????????of course HTC one......great smartphone nowadays.; of course HTC one......great smartphone nowadays.
HTC One or Apple iPhone 4s????????????; HTC One or Apple iPhone 4s????????????
ricardorista, 05 Jan 2014How to settle d purple tint issues? Try to lower down the ISO in camera setting, this will MINIMIZE the purple color.. 
 
 To really solve the problem, you have to return your phone to HTC service center for repair.. which i think will take few weeks or more than a month.. they are providing very bad services in my country.. many users are jumping & screaming for their phones & HTC just keep quiet!; Try to lower down the ISO in camera setting, this will MINIMIZE the purple color..; To really solve the problem, you have to return your phone to HTC service center for repair.. which i think will take few weeks or more than a month.. they are providing very bad services in my country.. many users are jumping & screaming for their phones & HTC just keep quiet!
As i said before, HTC One is a great phone but many users (including myself) are facing camera problem - with purple tint..
 
 I suggest u go for LG G2.. If u want something like HTC One, then go for HTC One Max.. As far as i know, HTC One Max got no camera purple tint issue..; As i said before, HTC One is a great phone but many users (including myself) are facing camera problem - with purple tint..; I suggest u go for LG G2.. If u want something like HTC One, then go for HTC One Max.. As far as i know, HTC One Max got no camera purple tint issue..
The HTC One does not have FM radio per the customer service response guys at HTC website.; The HTC One does not have FM radio per the customer service response guys at HTC website.
choon916, 30 Dec 2013U won't notice the purple tint issue IF u take photo in bright situation. It only happen durin... moreHow to settle d purple tint issues?; How to settle d purple tint issues?
HTC One or LG G2 ... please help ???; HTC One or LG G2 ... please help ???
Hi guys...im using factory unlocked AT&T phone(U.S) in India...I couldn't update it to Android 4.3...What is the issue and what can i do?...any suggestions?...; Hi guys...im using factory unlocked AT&T phone(U.S) in India...I couldn't update it to Android 4.3...What is the issue and what can i do?...any suggestions?...
own one and work in a shop that sells them mine works fine and couldnt be happier but had 4 back this month due to vibration in the bottom speaker. so this may need addressing; own one and work in a shop that sells them mine works fine and couldnt be happier but had 4 back this month due to vibration in the bottom speaker. so this may need addressing
Atabak, 04 Jan 2014my phone gets overheated! what should i do? :((((((drop it in glass of wather.... my suggestion :); drop it in glass of wather.... my suggestion :)
my phone gets overheated! what should i do? :((((((; my phone gets overheated! what should i do? :((((((
Ehab Soliman, 03 Jan 2014It's 4 ultra pixel not mega pixeli know that, but MP gives details. Ultrapixel are just bigger pixels to get more light but MP will give detail. FYI a nature example human eye is 576 MP that is why we see many details. why nature made as ultrapixel. ultrapixel is just marketing term.; i know that, but MP gives details. Ultrapixel are just bigger pixels to get more light but MP will give detail. FYI a nature example human eye is 576 MP that is why we see many details. why nature made as ultrapixel. ultrapixel is just marketing term.
nice phone; nice phone
i want to ask, is it 14 Megapixel is also mean as 4 MP?; i want to ask, is it 14 Megapixel is also mean as 4 MP?
sank, 03 Jan 2014awsm phone...having great display...easy to handle...im happy with it...sexy phn; sexy phn
sara, 02 Jan 2014I am big fan of HTC. Waiting for 12 MP camera variant as i love details in my photos. 4MP is n... moreIt's 4 ultra pixel not mega pixel; It's 4 ultra pixel not mega pixel
awsm phone...having great display...easy to handle...im happy with it...; awsm phone...having great display...easy to handle...im happy with it...
I am big fan of HTC. Waiting for 12 MP camera variant as i love details in my photos. 4MP is not good to digital zoom and take parts of photos.; I am big fan of HTC. Waiting for 12 MP camera variant as i love details in my photos. 4MP is not good to digital zoom and take parts of photos.
Awesome; Awesome
whats the model number; whats the model number
[deleted post]Being left far behind others in the smart phone scene, Nokia is the the one who always do the cheating with phones having inferior hardware and false patent claims.; Being left far behind others in the smart phone scene, Nokia is the the one who always do the cheating with phones having inferior hardware and false patent claims.
i love htc, 31 Dec 2013i used htc incredible s, i want to change htc one or one max. pls someone give advis. thankMany HTC One users are facing camera purple tint issue ..
 
 If you are ok with One Max size & weight, i suggest you go for One Max.. Bigger screen, better sound, longer battery & didn't notice any complaint about it's camera..; Many HTC One users are facing camera purple tint issue ..; If you are ok with One Max size & weight, i suggest you go for One Max.. Bigger screen, better sound, longer battery & didn't notice any complaint about it's camera..
i love htc, 31 Dec 2013i used htc incredible s, i want to change htc one or one max. pls someone give advis. thankHtc one Max 5.9" screen size(phablet) and htc one Only 4.7" if for you good 5.9 take one max, very good than one; Htc one Max 5.9" screen size(phablet) and htc one Only 4.7" if for you good 5.9 take one max, very good than one
Gud phone; Gud phone
i thing htc one is good bcz htc one max is little big; i thing htc one is good bcz htc one max is little big
Happy new year my friends.; Happy new year my friends.
Felix, 31 Dec 2013Have you compared the app drawer layout of sense 4 which has nicely contoured icons and three ... moreSense 4 app drawer layout looks awesome.Sense 5 app drawer is dull and boring as android stock UI.
 
 Compare them now!.The first two are shots of Sense 4.
 
 http://www.gsmarena.com/showpic.php3?sImg=reviewsimg/htc-one-x/sshots/gsmarena_016.jpg&idReview=747&idPage=3 
 
 http://www.gsmarena.com/showpic.php3?sImg=reviewsimg/htc-one/review/sshots1/gsmarena_013.jpg&;idReview=912&idPage=4 
 
 http://www.gsmarena.com/showpic.php3?sImg=reviewsimg/htc-one-x-plus/shots/gsmarena_026.jpg&idReview=845&idPage=4; Sense 4 app drawer layout looks awesome.Sense 5 app drawer is dull and boring as android stock UI.; Compare them now!.The first two are shots of Sense 4.
Have you compared the app drawer layout of sense 4 which has nicely contoured icons and three beautiful green/blue colored tabs for All,Frequent and Downloads,with that of sense 5.Sense 4 layout looks awesome.Sense 5 app drawer layout looks almost similar to stock android UI layout and is dull and boring. So I dont like to buy the latest htc phones which has sense 5 UI.I will wait for sense 6 if it looks better or as good as sense 4, I'll buy that htc phone with the best design and specs.If sense 6 layout doesnt look better than sense 4, I'll buy HTC One X/X Plus or Butterfly which are the high speced phones having sense 4 UI.
 
 Click the links to compare it now!
 
 http://www.gsmarena.com/showpic.php3?sImg=reviewsimg/htc-one-x-plus/shots/gsmarena_029.jpg&idReview=845&idPage=4 
 
 http://www.gsmarena.com/showpic.php3?sImg=reviewsimg/htc-one-x/sshots/gsmarena_016.jpg&idReview=747&idPage=3 
 
 http://www.gsmarena.com/showpic.php3?sImg=reviewsimg/htc-one/review/sshots1/gsmarena_013.jpg&;idReview=912&idPage=4; Have you compared the app drawer layout of sense 4 which has nicely contoured icons and three beautiful green/blue colored tabs for All,Frequent and Downloads,with that of sense 5.Sense 4 layout looks awesome.Sense 5 app drawer layout looks almost similar to stock android UI layout and is dull and boring. So I dont like to buy the latest htc phones which has sense 5 UI.I will wait for sense 6 if it looks better or as good as sense 4, I'll buy that htc phone with the best design and specs.If sense 6 layout doesnt look better than sense 4, I'll buy HTC One X/X Plus or Butterfly which are the high speced phones having sense 4 UI.; Click the links to compare it now!
i used htc incredible s, i want to change htc one or one max. pls someone give advis. thank; i used htc incredible s, i want to change htc one or one max. pls someone give advis. thank
choon916, 28 Dec 2013HTC One is definitely a great phone.. Amazing screen, top quality sound, snappy & stable U... moreIn my opinion, the purple tint in phone cameras is due to poor quality lens... sad, because the phone has a big sensor. 
 
 No matter how good the sensor or the camera software are, cheap lens will ruin the picture. 
 
 They can still fix the color issue with some software artifacts, so stay tunned for firmware updates.; In my opinion, the purple tint in phone cameras is due to poor quality lens... sad, because the phone has a big sensor.; No matter how good the sensor or the camera software are, cheap lens will ruin the picture.; They can still fix the color issue with some software artifacts, so stay tunned for firmware updates.
vijeyprasanna, 30 Dec 2013Thanks for your help. can you upload some photos with purple tint?u can just go to Youtube & search for HTC One purple tint issue.. there are many video clips for u to see the situation..; u can just go to Youtube & search for HTC One purple tint issue.. there are many video clips for u to see the situation..
Thanks for your help. can you upload some photos with purple tint?; Thanks for your help. can you upload some photos with purple tint?
vijeyprasanna, 30 Dec 2013Hai friends, I took lots of photos from my HTC one. but I could'nt understand that purple/pink... moreU won't notice the purple tint issue IF u take photo in bright situation. It only happen during low light / dark situation.. U'll see purple color in your photo, more on dark area..
 
 On your camera, then fully cover the lens with your hand & look at the screen.. If the screen shows black, then u are lucky. If the screen shows purple, then expect your camera will become worse after u used it for some time..
 
 Anyway, IF u only take photo in bright situation, this issue won't affect u..; U won't notice the purple tint issue IF u take photo in bright situation. It only happen during low light / dark situation.. U'll see purple color in your photo, more on dark area..; On your camera, then fully cover the lens with your hand & look at the screen.. If the screen shows black, then u are lucky. If the screen shows purple, then expect your camera will become worse after u used it for some time..; Anyway, IF u only take photo in bright situation, this issue won't affect u..
Hai friends, I took lots of photos from my HTC one. but I could'nt understand that purple/pink tint.please anyone upload some photos with that purple/pink tint. then I can compare with my photos. then I can find there is same problem in my phone or not. please help me friends.; Hai friends, I took lots of photos from my HTC one. but I could'nt understand that purple/pink tint.please anyone upload some photos with that purple/pink tint. then I can compare with my photos. then I can find there is same problem in my phone or not. please help me friends.
kaveh7, 28 Dec 2013yes this is a taiwan version(for taiwan market) ,and its good.Ok. Thanks; Ok. Thanks
kaveh7, 28 Dec 2013yes this is a taiwan version(for taiwan market) ,and its good.Ok. Thanks; Ok. Thanks
Shahan, 28 Dec 2013One the the best phone till now now. super best design feels awesome in hands. Camera is good,... moreDesign wise,HTC Desire 700 has the best design of all htc phones mainly becos it has equal sized bezels at the top and bottom that makes the screen position exactly in the center of the phone.All the other including htc one,one mini, one max and some others have more bezel area at the bottom which makes the screen move away to one side and also increases the length of the phone. On the software side sense 4 is better in looks than sense 5,esp the app drawer with that 3 tabs below that adds beauty to its layout with sideways scrolling.No other UI of any brand can match the beauty of it which also is the best of htc's sense UI version.bcos of these i iam waiting for the next version or sucesssor of htc one.; Design wise,HTC Desire 700 has the best design of all htc phones mainly becos it has equal sized bezels at the top and bottom that makes the screen position exactly in the center of the phone.All the other including htc one,one mini, one max and some others have more bezel area at the bottom which makes the screen move away to one side and also increases the length of the phone. On the software side sense 4 is better in looks than sense 5,esp the app drawer with that 3 tabs below that adds beauty to its layout with sideways scrolling.No other UI of any brand can match the beauty of it which also is the best of htc's sense UI version.bcos of these i iam waiting for the next version or sucesssor of htc one.
Haha htc one vs nokia lumia 520 in champions league voting now, the One is behind, what a joke. ;); Haha htc one vs nokia lumia 520 in champions league voting now, the One is behind, what a joke. ;)
Hi,every body i bought this phone, one week ago in afghanistan 550$ its best phone in word.; Hi,every body i bought this phone, one week ago in afghanistan 550$ its best phone in word.
HTC One..The only one with a purple camera..maybe this is new feature by HTC that's why they do not want to fix it..after all why will HTC care after they get people's money already..; HTC One..The only one with a purple camera..maybe this is new feature by HTC that's why they do not want to fix it..after all why will HTC care after they get people's money already..
Anonymous, 29 Dec 2013I've also had problems with the camera. Already replaced my first unit by my service provider ... moreSame here..had it replaced and still the same issue..it was ok if it were a minor issue but this is unacceptable for a phone with a high price tag..i've sent dozens of emails to htc regarding this without getting any reply..i've called their hotline and they won't give me an answer..i'm now using the LG G2 and i'm very happy with it..HTC just wasted a lot of people's money with this crap phone..; Same here..had it replaced and still the same issue..it was ok if it were a minor issue but this is unacceptable for a phone with a high price tag..i've sent dozens of emails to htc regarding this without getting any reply..i've called their hotline and they won't give me an answer..i'm now using the LG G2 and i'm very happy with it..HTC just wasted a lot of people's money with this crap phone..
HTC Hater, 28 Dec 2013The HTC one is a total waste of money..First I get issues with the camera,its not even usable ... moreI've also had problems with the camera. Already replaced my first unit by my service provider after not being able to repair, now very same issue has occurred with ny second unit. Phone sound is very muffled too and people on the other end often cannot hear me. Very frustrating, as it is a beautiful phone. Would like to hear from HTC on this one..; I've also had problems with the camera. Already replaced my first unit by my service provider after not being able to repair, now very same issue has occurred with ny second unit. Phone sound is very muffled too and people on the other end often cannot hear me. Very frustrating, as it is a beautiful phone. Would like to hear from HTC on this one..
tani, 28 Dec 2013Hello everybody. I just bought a HTC ONE, but it has just 16 GB of total storage, of which onl... moreIn my country... Only 32gb is available.. as far as I know 32gb and 64gb existed.; In my country... Only 32gb is available.. as far as I know 32gb and 64gb existed.
One the the best phone till now now. super best design feels awesome in hands. Camera is good, Sound Quality is awesome Just Loving my HTC one. Highly Recommended....; One the the best phone till now now. super best design feels awesome in hands. Camera is good, Sound Quality is awesome Just Loving my HTC one. Highly Recommended....
tani, 28 Dec 2013Hello everybody. I just bought a HTC ONE, but it has just 16 GB of total storage, of which onl... moreyes this is a taiwan version(for taiwan market) ,and its good.; yes this is a taiwan version(for taiwan market) ,and its good.
Hello everybody. I just bought a HTC ONE, but it has just 16 GB of total storage, of which only 10 GB are user available? Can anyone tell me if this version exists elsewhere, is it good, is storage enough (I'm not a heavy user)? Thnx in advance.; Hello everybody. I just bought a HTC ONE, but it has just 16 GB of total storage, of which only 10 GB are user available? Can anyone tell me if this version exists elsewhere, is it good, is storage enough (I'm not a heavy user)? Thnx in advance.
The HTC one is a total waste of money..First I get issues with the camera,its not even usable anymore..then HTC does not even confirm if its a hardware issue or a software issue..now i have problems with the mobile work as the phone loses signal for all services when setting is at WCDMA only..no wonder HTC keeps on losing to other competitors..I should not have replaced my Xperia Z with this crappy device..; The HTC one is a total waste of money..First I get issues with the camera,its not even usable anymore..then HTC does not even confirm if its a hardware issue or a software issue..now i have problems with the mobile work as the phone loses signal for all services when setting is at WCDMA only..no wonder HTC keeps on losing to other competitors..I should not have replaced my Xperia Z with this crappy device..
choon916, 28 Dec 2013HTC One is definitely a great phone.. Amazing screen, top quality sound, snappy & stable U... moreOK, htc one is one of the best phones available right now, but desire 700 has the best design of all htc phones mainly becos it has equal sized bezels at the top and bottom that makes the screen position exactly in the center of the phone.On the software side sense 4 is better in looks than sense 5,esp the app drawer with that 3 tabs below that adds beauty to its layout with sideways scrolling.No other UI of any brand can match the beauty of it which also is the best of htc's sense UI version.; OK, htc one is one of the best phones available right now, but desire 700 has the best design of all htc phones mainly becos it has equal sized bezels at the top and bottom that makes the screen position exactly in the center of the phone.On the software side sense 4 is better in looks than sense 5,esp the app drawer with that 3 tabs below that adds beauty to its layout with sideways scrolling.No other UI of any brand can match the beauty of it which also is the best of htc's sense UI version.
HTC One is definitely a great phone.. Amazing screen, top quality sound, snappy & stable UI..
 
 Only 1 issue.. camera with purple tint.. this made million of users disappointed.. heart broken.. (I'm 1 of them)..
 
 If without this issue, HTC One is perfect, what a waste.. what a waste.....; HTC One is definitely a great phone.. Amazing screen, top quality sound, snappy & stable UI..; Only 1 issue.. camera with purple tint.. this made million of users disappointed.. heart broken.. (I'm 1 of them)..; If without this issue, HTC One is perfect, what a waste.. what a waste.....
shaikspare, 26 Dec 2013How to solve the issue of camera purple/tint colour ? Thanksss in advanceSome people say its a software issue & ask to wait for a patch/update to solve the problem..
 
 Some people say its a hardware issue & ask to send back to service centre for repair..
 
 But HTC... just keep quiet... & do nothing ???
 
 Anyway, try to lower down the ISO in camera setting, this will MINIMIZE the problem..; Some people say its a software issue & ask to wait for a patch/update to solve the problem..; Some people say its a hardware issue & ask to send back to service centre for repair..; But HTC... just keep quiet... & do nothing ???; Anyway, try to lower down the ISO in camera setting, this will MINIMIZE the problem..
Nirmal, 27 Dec 2013No, HTC Desire 700 though a little larger than normal is the best looking phone of htc with eq... more...so htc should revert the apps drawer ui of sense 5 to that of sense 4 with sideways scrolling and the three beautiful tabs below.; ...so htc should revert the apps drawer ui of sense 5 to that of sense 4 with sideways scrolling and the three beautiful tabs below.
vijey777, 27 Dec 2013I want to buy an earphone for my htc one.im expacting much more sounds quality than htc one ha... moreSenheiser earphones are very gud...though bose cant be compared but it is is lil costly..; Senheiser earphones are very gud...though bose cant be compared but it is is lil costly..
vijey777, 27 Dec 2013I want to buy an earphone for my htc one.im expacting much more sounds quality than htc one ha... moreBeat is da best lol; Beat is da best lol
Nirmal, 27 Dec 2013No, HTC Desire 700 though a little larger than normal is the best looking phone of htc with eq... more... and it took years for htc,to find the right spot for the usb port.In htc desire 700 it is placed nicely at the bttom center. Whereas the usb port in htc one, mini,butterfly S, One max and all the others that came before desire 700 is to the side at the bottom of the phone rather than being in the center; ... and it took years for htc,to find the right spot for the usb port.In htc desire 700 it is placed nicely at the bttom center. Whereas the usb port in htc one, mini,butterfly S, One max and all the others that came before desire 700 is to the side at the bottom of the phone rather than being in the center
camera people check this 
 http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2542663; camera people check this
iman.s, 27 Dec 2013the king of phones.the best phone and best design and best gadget awards winning. I hope thet ... moreNo, HTC Desire 700 though a little larger than normal is the best looking phone of htc with equal sized bezels at the top and bottom.It was designed after realizing the flaws in htc one and all other latest by htc including one max,like assymetrical bezels at the top and bottom.htc one is larger than samsung's 5 inch S4.Thats is too big a size for a 4.7 inch phone.Dont blame the dual speakers.htc's other phones like one s amd some others are oversized even without front dual speakers. Sense 4 application drawer looks awesome with nicely designed icons and green or blue tabs for Downloads, Frequent and All. Sense 5 application drawer looks ugly as stock UI. HTC should revert the application drawer layout to that in sense 4.; No, HTC Desire 700 though a little larger than normal is the best looking phone of htc with equal sized bezels at the top and bottom.It was designed after realizing the flaws in htc one and all other latest by htc including one max,like assymetrical bezels at the top and bottom.htc one is larger than samsung's 5 inch S4.Thats is too big a size for a 4.7 inch phone.Dont blame the dual speakers.htc's other phones like one s amd some others are oversized even without front dual speakers. Sense 4 application drawer looks awesome with nicely designed icons and green or blue tabs for Downloads, Frequent and All. Sense 5 application drawer looks ugly as stock UI. HTC should revert the application drawer layout to that in sense 4.
I want to buy an earphone for my htc one.im expacting much more sounds quality than htc one handsfree.which earphones are better?which brand is best one?
 1.Bose
 2.Jays.
 3.Tdk.
 4.beat
 5.Or any brands?
 Please help me guys.; I want to buy an earphone for my htc one.im expacting much more sounds quality than htc one handsfree.which earphones are better?which brand is best one?; 1.Bose; 2.Jays.; 3.Tdk.; 4.beat; 5.Or any brands?; Please help me guys.
vijeyprasanna, 26 Dec 2013Friends I need your help. in my HTC one, the ram memory usage showing 1.3gb of 1.7gb.but Im no... moreIf u root ur phone u might be able to remove stock apps that take up ur RAM or u could use Greenify to put the apps that u are not using to sleep then u might have more RAM free; If u root ur phone u might be able to remove stock apps that take up ur RAM or u could use Greenify to put the apps that u are not using to sleep then u might have more RAM free
the king of phones.the best phone and best design and best gadget awards winning. I hope thet the hTC one2(m8 code name) continue original one way and appear as the 2014 best phone.the one2 benchmark test and points are really power full and hopeful . antutu score was more than 36000.the cpu is snap800 and 2gig of ram but hTC technology makes it standing upper than note 3(same cpu but 3gig of ram)and other flagship.viva hTc; the king of phones.the best phone and best design and best gadget awards winning. I hope thet the hTC one2(m8 code name) continue original one way and appear as the 2014 best phone.the one2 benchmark test and points are really power full and hopeful . antutu score was more than 36000.the cpu is snap800 and 2gig of ram but hTC technology makes it standing upper than note 3(same cpu but 3gig of ram)and other flagship.viva hTc
This is a great phone, excellent design, nice view. But the sound is even better, you can play the music and enjoy the clarity and pwer. I'm very satisfied.; This is a great phone, excellent design, nice view. But the sound is even better, you can play the music and enjoy the clarity and pwer. I'm very satisfied.
dear friend
 I have a peculiar problem in my set since few days only the external speaker is working and the ear piece speaker is not working same is the case even after inserting the earphone/head phone 
 request you to kindly suggest some remedy for the same; dear friend; I have a peculiar problem in my set since few days only the external speaker is working and the ear piece speaker is not working same is the case even after inserting the earphone/head phone; request you to kindly suggest some remedy for the same
shaikspare, 26 Dec 2013How to solve the issue of camera purple/tint colour ? Thanksss in advanceThis is a major hardware issue in camera..some phones have built in problem. u have to take it to the htc outlet to repair the phone.or if it is in warranty they might replace it.. 
 but unfortunately there is no htc outlet in pak.
 i bought this phone 2 weeks ago from homeshopping.first they gave me the new phone,i in first instance diagnosed this problem and demand a replacement for this.n they replaced me. n now this phone has no such issue regarding camera tint..; This is a major hardware issue in camera..some phones have built in problem. u have to take it to the htc outlet to repair the phone.or if it is in warranty they might replace it..; but unfortunately there is no htc outlet in pak.; i bought this phone 2 weeks ago from homeshopping.first they gave me the new phone,i in first instance diagnosed this problem and demand a replacement for this.n they replaced me. n now this phone has no such issue regarding camera tint..
Friends I need your help. in my HTC one, the ram memory usage showing 1.3gb of 1.7gb.but Im not using lots of apps.how can I increase my ram memory?please tell me.; Friends I need your help. in my HTC one, the ram memory usage showing 1.3gb of 1.7gb.but Im not using lots of apps.how can I increase my ram memory?please tell me.
best phone ever...compare to all smart phone..samsung is worst all plastic body..; best phone ever...compare to all smart phone..samsung is worst all plastic body..
How to solve the issue of camera purple/tint colour ? Thanksss in advance; How to solve the issue of camera purple/tint colour ? Thanksss in advance
How to solve the issue of camera purple/tint colour plzz solve ? Thanks in advance; How to solve the issue of camera purple/tint colour plzz solve ? Thanks in advance
Muhammad, 25 Dec 2013,I'll buy it in 2 days,Please help me guys should I buy it or not,???worth buying or not??.if ... moreIf u really wanna go for HTC One.. check it carefully before u buy bcoz many users facing camera purple tint issue..
 
 On the camera, fully cover the lens with your hand, if the screen shows purple/pink, that means problem, don't buy..
 
 If the screen shows black, means no problem & go ahead buy it..; If u really wanna go for HTC One.. check it carefully before u buy bcoz many users facing camera purple tint issue..; On the camera, fully cover the lens with your hand, if the screen shows purple/pink, that means problem, don't buy..; If the screen shows black, means no problem & go ahead buy it..
Muhammad, 25 Dec 2013,I'll buy it in 2 days,Please help me guys should I buy it or not,???worth buying or not??.if ... moreit is very likely that you will get a model with a bad cam, so if it is not a problem for you, then ok, but if it is, then you will have to return it, and to pray that replacement doesn't suffer from the same problem...otherwise, it's a very good phone; it is very likely that you will get a model with a bad cam, so if it is not a problem for you, then ok, but if it is, then you will have to return it, and to pray that replacement doesn't suffer from the same problem...otherwise, it's a very good phone
Muhammad, 25 Dec 2013,I'll buy it in 2 days,Please help me guys should I buy it or not,???worth buying or not??.if ... moreYou should wait for the m8. I will be one beast. 
 If you dont like the m8, the m7 will cost a 100$ cheaper. Good luck :); You should wait for the m8. I will be one beast.; If you dont like the m8, the m7 will cost a 100$ cheaper. Good luck :)
Muhammad, 25 Dec 2013,I'll buy it in 2 days,Please help me guys should I buy it or not,???worth buying or not??.if ... moredefinitely worth!
 nice camera and music :)
 it's the best phone in the market; definitely worth!; nice camera and music :); it's the best phone in the market
Muhammad, 25 Dec 2013,I'll buy it in 2 days,Please help me guys should I buy it or not,???worth buying or not??.if ... moredefinitely worth!
 nice camera and music :); definitely worth!; nice camera and music :)
Keshav108, 25 Dec 2013Is the HTC One louder than the Butterfly S? Or are they the same?Try to compare the 2 front speakers of HTC One & Butterfly S.. u will see the speakers of Butterfly S are smaller (a bit covered up) & to my opinion, this definitely affects the sound quality..
 
 As a result, sound from HTC One is louder & clearer compared to Butterfly S..; Try to compare the 2 front speakers of HTC One & Butterfly S.. u will see the speakers of Butterfly S are smaller (a bit covered up) & to my opinion, this definitely affects the sound quality..; As a result, sound from HTC One is louder & clearer compared to Butterfly S..
Is the HTC One louder than the Butterfly S? Or are they the same?; Is the HTC One louder than the Butterfly S? Or are they the same?
,I'll buy it in 2 days,Please help me guys should I buy it or not,???worth buying or not??.if anyone of u using the phone please let me know about good points and bad.I'll be so thankful!!; ,I'll buy it in 2 days,Please help me guys should I buy it or not,???worth buying or not??.if anyone of u using the phone please let me know about good points and bad.I'll be so thankful!!
Former HTC Fan, 24 Dec 2013For a device with a premium price tag..this purple haze on the One's camera is totally unaccep... morehoney this is not 4MP of camera its actually 4 ultra pixel witch is way much better than 16MP of camera; honey this is not 4MP of camera its actually 4 ultra pixel witch is way much better than 16MP of camera
i hate camera; i hate camera
camera is having purple dots in low light condition after upgrade to android 4.3. The speaker is great and the screen is very clear.; camera is having purple dots in low light condition after upgrade to android 4.3. The speaker is great and the screen is very clear.
For a device with a premium price tag..this purple haze on the One's camera is totally unacceptable. .it's not even usable anymore..HTC should clarify if this is really and issue of either hardware/software..or both..what a waste of money..switching to Samsung again..even if its plastic at least you do not get something like this..so much for Ultrapixels..it'd Purplepixels..; For a device with a premium price tag..this purple haze on the One's camera is totally unacceptable. .it's not even usable anymore..HTC should clarify if this is really and issue of either hardware/software..or both..what a waste of money..switching to Samsung again..even if its plastic at least you do not get something like this..so much for Ultrapixels..it'd Purplepixels..
htc one battery sucks !!!; htc one battery sucks !!!
usaf, 23 Dec 2013I purchased HTC One X for all its good looks but was terribly shocked to find that its wifi re... morethis is htc one not htc one x. im glad to use this phone period. thank u htc; this is htc one not htc one x. im glad to use this phone period. thank u htc
I just got an HTC one unlocked and I want to know if all HTC one are LTE. I only see 2g and 3g in my setings.; I just got an HTC one unlocked and I want to know if all HTC one are LTE. I only see 2g and 3g in my setings.
saj31, 20 Dec 2013Purple/pink tint was a hardware issue and HTC fixed it in 1 week in the UK. Just call HTC supp... moreThey are offering a repair for me too but i am afraid as i feel its a unibody and it might get some gaps or may get loosen up how was ur experience with repair,; They are offering a repair for me too but i am afraid as i feel its a unibody and it might get some gaps or may get loosen up how was ur experience with repair,
After just 4 months of use paint started peeling! Htc repair centre said this is normal. Shit build quality!; After just 4 months of use paint started peeling! Htc repair centre said this is normal. Shit build quality!
I really proud to use HTC one. I'm really really happy.; I really proud to use HTC one. I'm really really happy.
pls i need help,my htc one phone,i have problem with the navigation keys ,it freeze and now is not working ,but everything is working except the home key and the navigation key,plssss any help????tank u; pls i need help,my htc one phone,i have problem with the navigation keys ,it freeze and now is not working ,but everything is working except the home key and the navigation key,plssss any help????tank u
I purchased HTC One X for all its good looks but was terribly shocked to find that its wifi reciever was not functioning properly. i approached HTC customer Care, they however gave me no proper answer for its solution. Oflate I came to know that this product has a manufacturing problem with its wifi sensor. Buddies dont buy it; I purchased HTC One X for all its good looks but was terribly shocked to find that its wifi reciever was not functioning properly. i approached HTC customer Care, they however gave me no proper answer for its solution. Oflate I came to know that this product has a manufacturing problem with its wifi sensor. Buddies dont buy it
How to solve the problem of htc one camera purple/tint colours plzz help me; How to solve the problem of htc one camera purple/tint colours plzz help me
am using HTC one v..... is it best mobile in this generation????; am using HTC one v..... is it best mobile in this generation????
Anonymous, 21 Dec 2013Got 4.3 with sense 5.5 in India :-)Sense 4 application drawer looks awesome.Sense 5 application drawer looks ugly as stock UI.HTC should revert the application drawer layout to that in sense 4.; Sense 4 application drawer looks awesome.Sense 5 application drawer looks ugly as stock UI.HTC should revert the application drawer layout to that in sense 4.
had a bad experience with this phone. 
 the phone had bad camera modul and the picture taken with this phone is unusable due to very bad purple tint. 
 HTC Indonesia refused to replace the unit due to limited supply or so they said. and they offered free repair instead. 
 the repair itself took months since they had to send it back to Taiwan to replace the camera modul (i guess HTC Indonesia is just sales representative only, they don't have service center here). 
 
 really, now i understand why HTC market share goes down every year.
 overpriced phone with bad quality and bad after-sales service.; had a bad experience with this phone.; the phone had bad camera modul and the picture taken with this phone is unusable due to very bad purple tint.; HTC Indonesia refused to replace the unit due to limited supply or so they said. and they offered free repair instead.; the repair itself took months since they had to send it back to Taiwan to replace the camera modul (i guess HTC Indonesia is just sales representative only, they don't have service center here).; really, now i understand why HTC market share goes down every year.; overpriced phone with bad quality and bad after-sales service.
allhill, 21 Dec 2013Best HTC phone ever made! The build quality is really great! I just can't stop my self to touc... moreNo,HTC Desire 700 though a little larger than normal is the best looking phone of htc with equal sized bezels at the top and bottom.It was designed after realizing the flaws in htc one and all other latest by htc including one max,like assymetrical bezels at the top and bottom.htc one is larger than samsung's 5 inch S4.Thats is too big a size for a 4.7 inch phone.Dont blame the dual speakers.htc's other phones like one s amd some others are oversized even without front dual speakers.; No,HTC Desire 700 though a little larger than normal is the best looking phone of htc with equal sized bezels at the top and bottom.It was designed after realizing the flaws in htc one and all other latest by htc including one max,like assymetrical bezels at the top and bottom.htc one is larger than samsung's 5 inch S4.Thats is too big a size for a 4.7 inch phone.Dont blame the dual speakers.htc's other phones like one s amd some others are oversized even without front dual speakers.
Got 4.3 with sense 5.5 in India :-); Got 4.3 with sense 5.5 in India :-)
Excellent phone, super display full HD, incredible sound, super fast cpu, good battery!; Excellent phone, super display full HD, incredible sound, super fast cpu, good battery!
Best HTC phone ever made! The build quality is really great! I just can't stop my self to touch this phone everytime... the issue is only purple tint camera because of heat, the camera module after october 2013 will fix it, just drop it to care center :)
 
 the world already prove HTC One as the best smartphone of the year 2013.; Best HTC phone ever made! The build quality is really great! I just can't stop my self to touch this phone everytime... the issue is only purple tint camera because of heat, the camera module after october 2013 will fix it, just drop it to care center :); the world already prove HTC One as the best smartphone of the year 2013.
covs, 21 Dec 2013wtf camera its not just 4mp but it is ultra pixel; its not just 4mp but it is ultra pixel
wtf camera; wtf camera
wtf camera; wtf camera
Purple/pink tint was a hardware issue and HTC fixed it in 1 week in the UK. Just call HTC support and they will arrange a pick up and drop off free of charge if under warranty. Only problem is that a master reset was done so all data lost :(; Purple/pink tint was a hardware issue and HTC fixed it in 1 week in the UK. Just call HTC support and they will arrange a pick up and drop off free of charge if under warranty. Only problem is that a master reset was done so all data lost :(
Sense5 looks close to stock UI and is ugly as a TOAD.
 Sense 4 and 4 plus was the best looking UI of not only htc but of any other UI on any brand.HTC should improve the looks of the application drawer in Sense 5.It looks cheap like any other android UI.; Sense5 looks close to stock UI and is ugly as a TOAD.; Sense 4 and 4 plus was the best looking UI of not only htc but of any other UI on any brand.HTC should improve the looks of the application drawer in Sense 5.It looks cheap like any other android UI.
OMG,this is a nice phone wish to have some day,can any one help out here????????; OMG,this is a nice phone wish to have some day,can any one help out here????????
Sinu, 15 Dec 2013Compare the application drawer screen shots of Sense 4 User Interface of htc one x plus and on... more...and htc desire 700 is the best designed phone all of htc including htc one, with equal sized bezels at the top and bottom.; ...and htc desire 700 is the best designed phone all of htc including htc one, with equal sized bezels at the top and bottom.
i used 7 month and everyday i always impresed with this device..smooth and best device in the world i used it..htc one in million..; i used 7 month and everyday i always impresed with this device..smooth and best device in the world i used it..htc one in million..
Htc one win the phone award of the year 2013 against newer and higher specs wooooow , htc one the one !!!!
 I own this phone this is the sixth month just one word ****Amazing*****; Htc one win the phone award of the year 2013 against newer and higher specs wooooow , htc one the one !!!!; I own this phone this is the sixth month just one word ****Amazing*****
mujeeb, 18 Dec 2013Hi guys,I want to buy a phone but so confused with htc one and iPhone 5 ,if anyone of your guy... moreIt is really worth buying phone.. iphone 5 loses in many battles... Great phone... You wont regret it.. htc one rocks^^; It is really worth buying phone.. iphone 5 loses in many battles... Great phone... You wont regret it.. htc one rocks^^
mujeeb, 18 Dec 2013Hi guys,I want to buy a phone but so confused with htc one and iPhone 5 ,if anyone of your guy... moreHTC One won the mobile of the year award. HTC One makes Samsung Galaxy S IV looks sissy; HTC One won the mobile of the year award. HTC One makes Samsung Galaxy S IV looks sissy
Bin Al-Ali, 15 Dec 20131 thing is preventing me from buying it , the camera :( it's so sad that to see a weak camera ... morehi mate. i couldnt help but answer your worry about the camera. And for those who is asking which one better???? Iphone 5, 5s, sony z1, Lg g2 and so on..... Let me tell you guys. I have used iphones. I recently used Lg g2. Seen sony z1 and used s4. And note 3. Guys HTC ONE is the one. the camera is taking purple photos only in flash mode. Its not a of a big deal. This phone deserves all the stars people. I cant believe how good this phone is. Taking photos is a breeze. The speakers are out of this world. Amazing sound. The screen is just spectacular. Better then Iphone or any other. The size of the phone actually makes it , one of the most perfect sized phones out of any smart phone. The comfort in your hand is perfect. I had hesitations. Coming from iphone. So this actually is a beauty fits awsome in your hand. The sense os is awsome. So smooth. You wont see dialer, messages and camera openning so fast in other handsets as fast as this. I had the lg g2 and it was lagging with snapdragon 800. Freezing. Ios7 had laggs. This is only snapdragon 600 and is runnin like a ferrari. I love u HTC...; hi mate. i couldnt help but answer your worry about the camera. And for those who is asking which one better???? Iphone 5, 5s, sony z1, Lg g2 and so on..... Let me tell you guys. I have used iphones. I recently used Lg g2. Seen sony z1 and used s4. And note 3. Guys HTC ONE is the one. the camera is taking purple photos only in flash mode. Its not a of a big deal. This phone deserves all the stars people. I cant believe how good this phone is. Taking photos is a breeze. The speakers are out of this world. Amazing sound. The screen is just spectacular. Better then Iphone or any other. The size of the phone actually makes it , one of the most perfect sized phones out of any smart phone. The comfort in your hand is perfect. I had hesitations. Coming from iphone. So this actually is a beauty fits awsome in your hand. The sense os is awsome. So smooth. You wont see dialer, messages and camera openning so fast in other handsets as fast as this. I had the lg g2 and it was lagging with snapdragon 800. Freezing. Ios7 had laggs. This is only snapdragon 600 and is runnin like a ferrari. I love u HTC...
vijeyprasanna, 18 Dec 2013Does anyone using Beats audio hands-free? Is that better than HTC one hands-free? I want to bu... moreThey are the same in terms of sound quality after all HTC one headset is unbranded beats headset; They are the same in terms of sound quality after all HTC one headset is unbranded beats headset
Hi guys,I want to buy a phone but so confused with htc one and iPhone 5 ,if anyone of your guys using htc One please help me giving your opinion about htc one,does it deserve buying???; Hi guys,I want to buy a phone but so confused with htc one and iPhone 5 ,if anyone of your guys using htc One please help me giving your opinion about htc one,does it deserve buying???
Does anyone using Beats audio hands-free? Is that better than HTC one hands-free? I want to buy a better hands-free than HTC one hands-free. which one is best?what about tdk hands-free?please tell me.; Does anyone using Beats audio hands-free? Is that better than HTC one hands-free? I want to buy a better hands-free than HTC one hands-free. which one is best?what about tdk hands-free?please tell me.
http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2542663 
 Check this link and thiss fourm for purple tintt issue it is not there
 thank me later :); Check this link and thiss fourm for purple tintt issue it is not there; thank me later :)
People with camera problem and say its bad jutmst look at this
 
 
 https://www.google.com.pk/url?sa=t&source=web&rct=j&ei=4fKwUprEJIbO0QXe8YHwCg&url=http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php%3Ft%3D2542663&cd=1&ved=0CC0QFjAA&usg=AFQjCNEmTlB_QsiKJL8DLkO858WkBZg3fw&sig2=rQ6B0v7MyuXYLE-CYG5Mcw; People with camera problem and say its bad jutmst look at this
its doublesimhas callwaiting option ???; its doublesimhas callwaiting option ???
ray, 16 Dec 2013Appreciate your info. Cheers mate Cool, hope you come right, :).; Cool, hope you come right, :).
Anonymous, 12 Dec 2013Hi , had mine since September , cant get decent cases here yet . Really enjoy it , good batter... moreGo to snake hive store.com great leather cases just got one; Go to snake hive store.com great leather cases just got one
bindle, 14 Dec 2013OK on this page, look at the first link under the phones picture, it'll give you a good idea o... moreAppreciate your info. Cheers mate; Appreciate your info. Cheers mate
Bin Al-Ali, 15 Dec 20131 thing is preventing me from buying it , the camera :( it's so sad that to see a weak camera ... moreI was thinking about one S ,some of my friends also said good pic quality . Thanks; I was thinking about one S ,some of my friends also said good pic quality . Thanks
bindle, 14 Dec 2013OK on this page, look at the first link under the phones picture, it'll give you a good idea o... moreAppreciate your info. Cheers mate; Appreciate your info. Cheers mate
hTc is currently fixing this purple tint issue via hardware repair. You must call their customer care support line. They'll issue you a ticket but you're responsible for sending the phone in and they'll repair it if it's still under warranty. No software update will fix this (not jelly bean 4.3 or even Kitkat 4.4). You can also have it exchanged through your carrier if it's still under warranty but there's no way of guaranteeing that your replacement won't have same issue.; hTc is currently fixing this purple tint issue via hardware repair. You must call their customer care support line. They'll issue you a ticket but you're responsible for sending the phone in and they'll repair it if it's still under warranty. No software update will fix this (not jelly bean 4.3 or even Kitkat 4.4). You can also have it exchanged through your carrier if it's still under warranty but there's no way of guaranteeing that your replacement won't have same issue.
1 thing is preventing me from buying it , the camera :( it's so sad that to see a weak camera with all these strong specifications :/ I don't believe in ultra pexile my htc one s 8mp has a better photo than htc One - neverminf if they made anther mobile with 8 ultra pixle from it I will be the first one who will buy it :D; 1 thing is preventing me from buying it , the camera :( it's so sad that to see a weak camera with all these strong specifications :/ I don't believe in ultra pexile my htc one s 8mp has a better photo than htc One - neverminf if they made anther mobile with 8 ultra pixle from it I will be the first one who will buy it :D
Compare the application drawer screen shots of Sense 4 User Interface of htc one x plus and one x in the links below with the same in htc one's Sense 5 User Interface and see why Sense 4 is neat and the best looking UI not only than Sense 5 but also than any other user interface on any other phone.
 
 http://www.gsmarena.com/showpic.php3?sImg=reviewsimg/htc-one-x-plus/shots/gsmarena_026.jpg&idReview=845&idPage=4 
 
 http://www.gsmarena.com/showpic.php3?sImg=reviewsimg/htc-one-x/sshots/gsmarena_016.jpg&idReview=747&idPage=3; Compare the application drawer screen shots of Sense 4 User Interface of htc one x plus and one x in the links below with the same in htc one's Sense 5 User Interface and see why Sense 4 is neat and the best looking UI not only than Sense 5 but also than any other user interface on any other phone.
Hey guys don't worry abt battery coz its li-po 2300mah. Li-po gives higher backup than li-ion and backup increases after some cycles. I've experienced this coz my Sony Ericsson has li-po 1460mah battery. My phone is two yr old n battery is not weakening.; Hey guys don't worry abt battery coz its li-po 2300mah. Li-po gives higher backup than li-ion and backup increases after some cycles. I've experienced this coz my Sony Ericsson has li-po 1460mah battery. My phone is two yr old n battery is not weakening.
Hi just tap with finger anywhere else on screen and af lock is disable; Hi just tap with finger anywhere else on screen and af lock is disable
Ray , 14 Dec 2013Guys I just wanted to buy a Phone with good camera quality and call clarity, quite important t... moreAlso the HTC one has a 4mp camera, but that's not actually megapixels, thats ultrapixels. As far as call clarity goes that depends on to many variables, but again, iPhones, and Nokia have great call clarity. Not to sure about Samsung or Sony, they probably do also at this level of smartphone.; Also the HTC one has a 4mp camera, but that's not actually megapixels, thats ultrapixels. As far as call clarity goes that depends on to many variables, but again, iPhones, and Nokia have great call clarity. Not to sure about Samsung or Sony, they probably do also at this level of smartphone.
Ray , 14 Dec 2013Guys I just wanted to buy a Phone with good camera quality and call clarity, quite important t... moreOK on this page, look at the first link under the phones picture, it'll give you a good idea of where the top phones are camera wise. The HTC one has a good camera, but there are problems with a pinkish haze under low light conditions. The Note 3 has a 13 mp camera, takes great pics. The Nokia Lumia 1020 has a 40mp camera, but holding the phone feels weird because of the unusual camera make-up. The Sony Xperia Z1 has a 20mp camera, also the Z1 is pretty durable. Also the iPhones, they have a 8mp camera, but don't be fooled by that, they take great pics, and opening the camera and taking fast shots will never have any lag issues. Some phone have lags when opening the camera, but not the 6 mentioned in the link on the side bar. The Nexus 5 apparently had camera issues when Kitkat was loaded onto it, although that may be sorted now. Hope this helps, :).; OK on this page, look at the first link under the phones picture, it'll give you a good idea of where the top phones are camera wise. The HTC one has a good camera, but there are problems with a pinkish haze under low light conditions. The Note 3 has a 13 mp camera, takes great pics. The Nokia Lumia 1020 has a 40mp camera, but holding the phone feels weird because of the unusual camera make-up. The Sony Xperia Z1 has a 20mp camera, also the Z1 is pretty durable. Also the iPhones, they have a 8mp camera, but don't be fooled by that, they take great pics, and opening the camera and taking fast shots will never have any lag issues. Some phone have lags when opening the camera, but not the 6 mentioned in the link on the side bar. The Nexus 5 apparently had camera issues when Kitkat was loaded onto it, although that may be sorted now. Hope this helps, :).
HTC one main camera has a dangerous purple tint problem under low light condition. What should I do any suggestions? My Android version is 4.2.2 should I roll back into 4.1 version to avoid this problem.; HTC one main camera has a dangerous purple tint problem under low light condition. What should I do any suggestions? My Android version is 4.2.2 should I roll back into 4.1 version to avoid this problem.
Guys I just wanted to buy a Phone with good camera quality and call clarity, quite important tool for my work. some say sony Phones cam better, Please suggest i got to buy a phone with good cam and im totally confused.; Guys I just wanted to buy a Phone with good camera quality and call clarity, quite important tool for my work. some say sony Phones cam better, Please suggest i got to buy a phone with good cam and im totally confused.
AD, 14 Dec 2013i have problem with camera. there is option AE anf AF lock. but no option for unlock. if some ... moreturn your o\mobile off and restart again, hopefully it would work....; turn your o\mobile off and restart again, hopefully it would work....
HTC desire 700 dual sim has the best design of all the latest htc phones including htc one. In desire 700 dual sim the screen is placed equadistantly from the top and bottom bezels so it comes exactly in the center of the phone when it is held in landscape position and the usb/charging port is placed in the center on the bottom.; HTC desire 700 dual sim has the best design of all the latest htc phones including htc one. In desire 700 dual sim the screen is placed equadistantly from the top and bottom bezels so it comes exactly in the center of the phone when it is held in landscape position and the usb/charging port is placed in the center on the bottom.
i have problem with camera. there is option AE anf AF lock. but no option for unlock. if some one knowing how to unlock plase let me know.; i have problem with camera. there is option AE anf AF lock. but no option for unlock. if some one knowing how to unlock plase let me know.
For purple tint for me its when the yhe phone gets warm other then then it did not i placed my hand on the lense for 2 min no purole camera when the phone got warm after sometime i turned camera on and placed finger on the lens it started to turn purple and wheb again when it was nornal temp i tried no more purple tint :) its like haze for mee thank god no purple tint here :); For purple tint for me its when the yhe phone gets warm other then then it did not i placed my hand on the lense for 2 min no purole camera when the phone got warm after sometime i turned camera on and placed finger on the lens it started to turn purple and wheb again when it was nornal temp i tried no more purple tint :) its like haze for mee thank god no purple tint here :)
bctan916, 14 Dec 2013My experience on HTC One is exactly the same as yours.. I'm still using Android 4.1.2 &... moreIam just goimg to tell u all that 4.3 update fixes all it is better on update due to more neat andd required features no lag at all compared to s4 which lags heavy i did beat 2 s4 in low light just dont zoom its the mp problem daylight and photos with flash are beauty for all who have querries about htc one visit xda developet forum gooogle it and go in htc one sectiom amd chk whatevdr u want iam on rooted 4.4 sense 5.5 developer edition due to which i get 5.5 hours of screen with 18 hours of battery life the tech in htc one batterry is something new u have to fully charge it then leave it kut for 5 min and then plug it again to calibrate :); Iam just goimg to tell u all that 4.3 update fixes all it is better on update due to more neat andd required features no lag at all compared to s4 which lags heavy i did beat 2 s4 in low light just dont zoom its the mp problem daylight and photos with flash are beauty for all who have querries about htc one visit xda developet forum gooogle it and go in htc one sectiom amd chk whatevdr u want iam on rooted 4.4 sense 5.5 developer edition due to which i get 5.5 hours of screen with 18 hours of battery life the tech in htc one batterry is something new u have to fully charge it then leave it kut for 5 min and then plug it again to calibrate :)
slimshady07, 13 Dec 2013I have been a user of HTC ONE for 5 months and never regret a single second. This phone is rea... moreMy experience on HTC One is exactly the same as yours.. 
 
 I'm still using Android 4.1.2 & i love my HTC One..
 
 Totally agreed with you..; My experience on HTC One is exactly the same as yours..; I'm still using Android 4.1.2 & i love my HTC One..; Totally agreed with you..
mubashir, 13 Dec 2013No I am not a heavy user as such. Just a last thing.as u know the battery is not removable.so... moreI'm a light user.. 1 charge, my HTC One can last for 2-3 days, which is good enough for me..
 
 Can't really answer your question by now bcoz i used my HTC One only for 3 months since Sept..
 
 Theoretically, battery will become weak after using for quite some time.. but i think that will happen only after few years & not few months.. By that time, maybe you are already thinking to upgrade your phone to another HTC newer model..
 
 Anyway, in order to prolong the battery life, you may turn off the phone at night when you sleep and not using it.. just my opinion.. 
 
 Battery life will be very much affected by the way you use it..; I'm a light user.. 1 charge, my HTC One can last for 2-3 days, which is good enough for me..; Can't really answer your question by now bcoz i used my HTC One only for 3 months since Sept..; Theoretically, battery will become weak after using for quite some time.. but i think that will happen only after few years & not few months.. By that time, maybe you are already thinking to upgrade your phone to another HTC newer model..; Anyway, in order to prolong the battery life, you may turn off the phone at night when you sleep and not using it.. just my opinion..; Battery life will be very much affected by the way you use it..
hazemfive, 13 Dec 2013pls, which mobile to buy is it SONY Z1 or HTC ONE? I know Z1 more battery, speed, camera. bu... moreI have been a user of HTC ONE for 5 months and never regret a single second. This phone is really fast and the physical appearance is a beaut! The specifications are really really great. You have to really try it to know the awesomeness of the dual front Beats audio speakers! The battery has been great for me(I'm a moderate user, mostly using it on facebook, twitter, instagram, surf the internet and play some games. All of these mostly can last for a day for me. 100% at 8am and get back home at 5pm with 40%, ps:with mobile data on all time) Because of the full metal aluminium body so it does get hot when you play games like after 15minutes. But works just fine other time. The HTC Zoe feature is great and the camera works properly under normal condition. However there's problem regarding it's camera. Some users including me experience a purple tint problem under low light condition. Well that doesn't affect me much because i seldom take photos outdoor at night. Overall i would rate it 9/10. One star deducted for the camera. Sorry for the bad english and hope it helps!; I have been a user of HTC ONE for 5 months and never regret a single second. This phone is really fast and the physical appearance is a beaut! The specifications are really really great. You have to really try it to know the awesomeness of the dual front Beats audio speakers! The battery has been great for me(I'm a moderate user, mostly using it on facebook, twitter, instagram, surf the internet and play some games. All of these mostly can last for a day for me. 100% at 8am and get back home at 5pm with 40%, ps:with mobile data on all time) Because of the full metal aluminium body so it does get hot when you play games like after 15minutes. But works just fine other time. The HTC Zoe feature is great and the camera works properly under normal condition. However there's problem regarding it's camera. Some users including me experience a purple tint problem under low light condition. Well that doesn't affect me much because i seldom take photos outdoor at night. Overall i would rate it 9/10. One star deducted for the camera. Sorry for the bad english and hope it helps!
Currently still at android 4.2.2 on my HTC ONE. 4.3 update is available but i didn't update it yet because i've heard a lot of complaints about the update such as wifi auto connect issue, battery drains a lot faster etc. Need some reviews from you guys before I update it. Thank you in advance :); Currently still at android 4.2.2 on my HTC ONE. 4.3 update is available but i didn't update it yet because i've heard a lot of complaints about the update such as wifi auto connect issue, battery drains a lot faster etc. Need some reviews from you guys before I update it. Thank you in advance :)
choon916, 12 Dec 2013You are welcome.. If i used my HTC One for games.. playing 15-30 min non-stop, i will feel ... moreNo I am not a heavy user as such.
 Just a last thing.as u know the battery is not removable.so do u experience that the battery is good enough.?
 Lyk after 6 to 8 months laptops battery starts to weaken.if its giving 3 hrs it reduced to 2.5..
 So will here b same?
 If yes then its quite a drawback as the battery is not replacable too.so what to do then?
 N a person is buying this much expensive phone so he expects to use it at lest 1.5 to 2 years?
 What u say?; No I am not a heavy user as such.; Just a last thing.as u know the battery is not removable.so do u experience that the battery is good enough.?; Lyk after 6 to 8 months laptops battery starts to weaken.if its giving 3 hrs it reduced to 2.5..; So will here b same?; If yes then its quite a drawback as the battery is not replacable too.so what to do then?; N a person is buying this much expensive phone so he expects to use it at lest 1.5 to 2 years?; What u say?
Android Becomes Weak, 21 Nov 2013Now snapdragon 805. adrona 430 has caused 2013 phones to be outdated. note 3 is already outdat... moreI rather not update my phone ,if update is making it dead slow and thats wat happened to iphone4, i own both iphone4 and HTC one ..updating is not the only thing you should worry about i mean there is update available for my htc but i am not upgrading it as my phone is electrical fast and y should i update it ...its not like i am missing something; I rather not update my phone ,if update is making it dead slow and thats wat happened to iphone4, i own both iphone4 and HTC one ..updating is not the only thing you should worry about i mean there is update available for my htc but i am not upgrading it as my phone is electrical fast and y should i update it ...its not like i am missing something
hazemfive, 13 Dec 2013pls, which mobile to buy is it SONY Z1 or HTC ONE? I know Z1 more battery, speed, camera. bu... moreHTC One's stengths:
 
 1) Design & build quality (to me, nicer than Z1's flat & square design)
 2) Amazing screen with natural colours (much better than Z1 TFT screen)
 3) Boom sound (so far no other smartphones can beat the 2 front stereo speakers)
 4) UI (3S - Simple, Smooth & Stable. No lag at all even with only Snapdragon 600)
 
 HTC One's weaknesses:
 
 1) Average camera (Can't beat Z1's 20mp camera, especially when zoom in)
 2) Average battery (Light users - More than 1 day, medium users - 1 day maybe, heavy users - Less than 1 day)
 
 Consider the above & make your decision..; HTC One's stengths:; 1) Design & build quality (to me, nicer than Z1's flat & square design); 2) Amazing screen with natural colours (much better than Z1 TFT screen); 3) Boom sound (so far no other smartphones can beat the 2 front stereo speakers); 4) UI (3S - Simple, Smooth & Stable. No lag at all even with only Snapdragon 600); HTC One's weaknesses:; 1) Average camera (Can't beat Z1's 20mp camera, especially when zoom in); 2) Average battery (Light users - More than 1 day, medium users - 1 day maybe, heavy users - Less than 1 day); Consider the above & make your decision..
pls, which mobile to buy is it SONY Z1 or HTC ONE?
 I know Z1 more battery, speed, camera.
 but I like the quality and design of htc one, please advise; pls, which mobile to buy is it SONY Z1 or HTC ONE?; I know Z1 more battery, speed, camera.; but I like the quality and design of htc one, please advise
I used this phone since 3 months b4,it's amazing and best smartphone of 2013.No lag at all run smoothly..build quality,camera,boomsounds are good ..; I used this phone since 3 months b4,it's amazing and best smartphone of 2013.No lag at all run smoothly..build quality,camera,boomsounds are good ..
Hi , had mine since September , cant get decent cases here yet . Really enjoy it , good battery if you dont play games or surf the net a lot. Dont drop it . the screen will break , min did , few service centers who can repair it due to the manufacturing process .Otherwise happy owner .; Hi , had mine since September , cant get decent cases here yet . Really enjoy it , good battery if you dont play games or surf the net a lot. Dont drop it . the screen will break , min did , few service centers who can repair it due to the manufacturing process .Otherwise happy owner .
You are welcome..
 
 If i used my HTC One for games.. playing 15-30 min non-stop, i will feel the heat.. But i think this is normal, especially the body was made of aluminium, we will feel more heat..
 
 As far as i know, there is no way you can replace the battery by yourself.. unless you send it back to HTC service centre..
 
 It will take 3 hrs + to charge my HTC One from less than 10% to 100% (without using it during charging).. And if you think yourself is a heavy user, i suggest that you choose HTC Butterfly S with 3200 mAh battery..; You are welcome..; If i used my HTC One for games.. playing 15-30 min non-stop, i will feel the heat.. But i think this is normal, especially the body was made of aluminium, we will feel more heat..; As far as i know, there is no way you can replace the battery by yourself.. unless you send it back to HTC service centre..; It will take 3 hrs + to charge my HTC One from less than 10% to 100% (without using it during charging).. And if you think yourself is a heavy user, i suggest that you choose HTC Butterfly S with 3200 mAh battery..
choon916, 07 Dec 2013On the camera, then fully cover the lens with your hand & look at the screen.. If the ... moreThank u sir..
 Very informative. Another thing is there any overheating issue? N can the battery be replaced somehow?; Thank u sir..; Very informative. Another thing is there any overheating issue? N can the battery be replaced somehow?
Hey, I am an HTC One owner. For anyone who considers buying this phone, here are the cons:
 1)Camera: although it is what so called Ultrapixel, but seriously 4 mega pixels aren't enough specially if you want to zoom through photos you capture.
 2)Camera also: Ultrapixels were disigned by HTC to capture more light, therefore you can get better pictures in low light right? And the answer is no way because the HTC One was plagued by a purple tint camera issue that trashes your pictures right away. I already replaced my phone 4 times and the problem persists (it is definitely a hardware issue however).
 3)Battery life: from light to medium use it will last you a full day with about 3-4 hours of screen time, but if you are a heavy user just like me then you will need to charge it at least twice a day.
 3)Charging speed: This phone has a miserable charging speed. It takes about 3.5 hours to charge while in standby mode, and an additional hour while using it.
 Plus don't think that you can buy a 2A charger or whatever, because it doesn't support Qualcomm quick charge so you won't be getting more than 1A charger.
 4)Design (not build quality): you can notice that although the screen is 4.7 inches but the phone size is same in size of the galaxy s4 which packs a 5 inch screen (if not a bit taller) because of the wide bezels and stereo speakers, and awkwardly placed power button. It's just not comfortable for a one handed user like me (this is my opinion).
 5)Speakers: I really appreciate the loud sound and the beats audio integration and the amazing sound quality which is the best on a phone, but the minimum volume (the first step above 0) is really loud specially if you wanna play games with a bit of sound. It's really annoying.
 And here are the pros:
 1)Build quality: no one can argue about the build quality of this phone, it's really a nice looking phone and of course it feels premium.
 2)Speakers: the loudness of those speaker and the build quality won't disappoint you at all when showing of ;)
 3)Smooth UI: compared to other UIs this is one of the smoothest UIs.
 4)Screen: It is the sharpest display on the market now with a pixel density of 468, and the super LCD3 is gorgeous no over saturation (like the AMOLED) no washed out colors (like the TFT) it is pretty accurate and vibrant.
 I'm not a fanboy of any corporation, I'm just telling what I like and dislike about this device.; Hey, I am an HTC One owner. For anyone who considers buying this phone, here are the cons:; 1)Camera: although it is what so called Ultrapixel, but seriously 4 mega pixels aren't enough specially if you want to zoom through photos you capture.; 2)Camera also: Ultrapixels were disigned by HTC to capture more light, therefore you can get better pictures in low light right? And the answer is no way because the HTC One was plagued by a purple tint camera issue that trashes your pictures right away. I already replaced my phone 4 times and the problem persists (it is definitely a hardware issue however).; 3)Battery life: from light to medium use it will last you a full day with about 3-4 hours of screen time, but if you are a heavy user just like me then you will need to charge it at least twice a day.; 3)Charging speed: This phone has a miserable charging speed. It takes about 3.5 hours to charge while in standby mode, and an additional hour while using it.; Plus don't think that you can buy a 2A charger or whatever, because it doesn't support Qualcomm quick charge so you won't be getting more than 1A charger.; 4)Design (not build quality): you can notice that although the screen is 4.7 inches but the phone size is same in size of the galaxy s4 which packs a 5 inch screen (if not a bit taller) because of the wide bezels and stereo speakers, and awkwardly placed power button. It's just not comfortable for a one handed user like me (this is my opinion).; 5)Speakers: I really appreciate the loud sound and the beats audio integration and the amazing sound quality which is the best on a phone, but the minimum volume (the first step above 0) is really loud specially if you wanna play games with a bit of sound. It's really annoying.; And here are the pros:; 1)Build quality: no one can argue about the build quality of this phone, it's really a nice looking phone and of course it feels premium.; 2)Speakers: the loudness of those speaker and the build quality won't disappoint you at all when showing of ;); 3)Smooth UI: compared to other UIs this is one of the smoothest UIs.; 4)Screen: It is the sharpest display on the market now with a pixel density of 468, and the super LCD3 is gorgeous no over saturation (like the AMOLED) no washed out colors (like the TFT) it is pretty accurate and vibrant.; I'm not a fanboy of any corporation, I'm just telling what I like and dislike about this device.
rokib, 11 Dec 2013i need the same supportNo native 3g video call. Read my comments below. Thats all. Bye..; No native 3g video call. Read my comments below. Thats all. Bye..
Anonymous, 10 Dec 2013how can i make 3g native video call on htc one...??? plzz help mei need the same support; i need the same support
Can i replace my aluminium housing of the phone because i have accidentally dropped the phone pretty hard in road and have some scratched in the back of the aluminium body.; Can i replace my aluminium housing of the phone because i have accidentally dropped the phone pretty hard in road and have some scratched in the back of the aluminium body.
Anonymous, 10 Dec 2013how can i make 3g native video call on htc one...??? plzz help meNo native 3g video call for this phone. You must install 3 party apps to make video call. I can suggest you few phone can do this function. Even Sony, Nokia, LG can not do this simple function. If you really need's native 3g video call as i am, few brands etc samsung, alcatel and lenovo phones(high end with front camera) will do for you. I know from first hand experienced, not by reading others posts or comments. Thats all. Bye..; No native 3g video call for this phone. You must install 3 party apps to make video call. I can suggest you few phone can do this function. Even Sony, Nokia, LG can not do this simple function. If you really need's native 3g video call as i am, few brands etc samsung, alcatel and lenovo phones(high end with front camera) will do for you. I know from first hand experienced, not by reading others posts or comments. Thats all. Bye..
how can i make 3g native video call on htc one...??? plzz help me; how can i make 3g native video call on htc one...??? plzz help me
voica gabriel, 10 Dec 2013hello this is my second Htc One as the first that i had i sold it to buy the "amazing &q... moreMe too
 Htc has the elegant and professional look.till now no issue other than low light pics nd some times disturbance earpiece while talks; Me too; Htc has the elegant and professional look.till now no issue other than low light pics nd some times disturbance earpiece while talks
Anonymous, 09 Dec 2013I want to buy htc one..just a bit worried about the battery life..does it last for a longer time..?Ya true
 Low light pics r horrible
 Rest all fine; Ya true; Low light pics r horrible; Rest all fine
htc one dual and single sim have good battery life...on mediocre use it will easily last two days...but some people say s4 due to just 300mah more has more battery life...they are wrong...its processoer is 4*200 mhz more...slightly bigger screen ...and if u put the eye scrolling and smartstay and all tgese shit apps...the phone wont last 6 hours...with the proximity sensor and frint camera continuosly on...the battery life becomes pathetic...; htc one dual and single sim have good battery life...on mediocre use it will easily last two days...but some people say s4 due to just 300mah more has more battery life...they are wrong...its processoer is 4*200 mhz more...slightly bigger screen ...and if u put the eye scrolling and smartstay and all tgese shit apps...the phone wont last 6 hours...with the proximity sensor and frint camera continuosly on...the battery life becomes pathetic...
Pls help me friends.im waiting for ur reply.which csble i should want to buy?my tv is lg led 2010 model.hdmi or mhl?; Pls help me friends.im waiting for ur reply.which csble i should want to buy?my tv is lg led 2010 model.hdmi or mhl?
hello
 this is my second Htc One as the first that i had i sold it to buy the "amazing " galaxy s4...
 i so regreted this decission because at that time i have already swapped a s4 due to the bad experiences i encountered..still at that point i decided to give the s4 nother chance ,maybe i had a bad device...as it turned out my first experience and the observations that i made were corect again...this made me feel even worse because i sold my Htc One...
 i never had any problems with Htc,no matter what model i bought and used from them and i pretty much can be considered a loyalist of this company...ever since i hold my first Htc Diamond until now,even though through the years i used a lot of Samsungs ,Apples and Nokias...
 the only companies that i trust completely when buying a phone are Nokia and Htc..
 i' ve read a lots of comments in here where people complain about a lot of things,from slow charging to camera problems and overheating....i never encountered any of this problems ..i consider this device to be the best Android device i have ever owned,and i owned a lot,and this is the only Android device WITHOUT LAG!!!no lag at all...comparing this to the s4 or any other sammy this is a supercar...everything i want to do,i do it with speed...no slowness,no problems at all..
 battery life...well comparing this with the s4, from my experience,i must say that although it has a smaller battery it lasts longer...so for me this is a clear winner,no doubt...it easily beats the s4 in this regard 
 camera...a lot of people complain about the 4ULTRApixel camera with no reason...i also own right now a Nokia 808 and i can say that nothing is capable to beat this "monster",but still the Htc One's camera is one of the best camera's i used in a smartphone...it has great quality,both on stills and video...the images are great ,i made some really great pictures with this phone,and in night time photos it easily beats my Nokia 808 ...you really need to know your twchnology and fully understand it in order to use it properly,but i guess it's easier to complain and bash something if you don't know how to use it...
 built quality....no1! the best phone on the market in this aspect! nothing comes close to this....i owned the ip5 and everybody praisses Apple for the build quality( i don't know why) and the Htc One is a clear winner also here...
 sound...no1 again!exceptional!nothing like this exists on the market both on the speakers or the headphones...amazing quality...i always loved htc 's music reproduction in the headphones starting with the sensation xe ...
 this is by far the smoothest,the fastest,the best experience on android that i ever had since ever so i can highly recommend this amazing phone to everyone out there who wants quality..and a piece of advice: when purchasing an Htc phone,always buy the ones that say Made in Taiwan..they are the ones that are really high quality and desrve your money not ones made in china...i know from experience that whatever is made in china you have about 50% chance to have some serious headakes...; hello; this is my second Htc One as the first that i had i sold it to buy the "amazing " galaxy s4...; i so regreted this decission because at that time i have already swapped a s4 due to the bad experiences i encountered..still at that point i decided to give the s4 nother chance ,maybe i had a bad device...as it turned out my first experience and the observations that i made were corect again...this made me feel even worse because i sold my Htc One...; i never had any problems with Htc,no matter what model i bought and used from them and i pretty much can be considered a loyalist of this company...ever since i hold my first Htc Diamond until now,even though through the years i used a lot of Samsungs ,Apples and Nokias...; the only companies that i trust completely when buying a phone are Nokia and Htc..; i' ve read a lots of comments in here where people complain about a lot of things,from slow charging to camera problems and overheating....i never encountered any of this problems ..i consider this device to be the best Android device i have ever owned,and i owned a lot,and this is the only Android device WITHOUT LAG!!!no lag at all...comparing this to the s4 or any other sammy this is a supercar...everything i want to do,i do it with speed...no slowness,no problems at all..; battery life...well comparing this with the s4, from my experience,i must say that although it has a smaller battery it lasts longer...so for me this is a clear winner,no doubt...it easily beats the s4 in this regard; camera...a lot of people complain about the 4ULTRApixel camera with no reason...i also own right now a Nokia 808 and i can say that nothing is capable to beat this "monster",but still the Htc One's camera is one of the best camera's i used in a smartphone...it has great quality,both on stills and video...the images are great ,i made some really great pictures with this phone,and in night time photos it easily beats my Nokia 808 ...you really need to know your twchnology and fully understand it in order to use it properly,but i guess it's easier to complain and bash something if you don't know how to use it...; built quality....no1! the best phone on the market in this aspect! nothing comes close to this....i owned the ip5 and everybody praisses Apple for the build quality( i don't know why) and the Htc One is a clear winner also here...; sound...no1 again!exceptional!nothing like this exists on the market both on the speakers or the headphones...amazing quality...i always loved htc 's music reproduction in the headphones starting with the sensation xe ...; this is by far the smoothest,the fastest,the best experience on android that i ever had since ever so i can highly recommend this amazing phone to everyone out there who wants quality..and a piece of advice: when purchasing an Htc phone,always buy the ones that say Made in Taiwan..they are the ones that are really high quality and desrve your money not ones made in china...i know from experience that whatever is made in china you have about 50% chance to have some serious headakes...
Anonymous, 09 Dec 2013I want to buy htc one..just a bit worried about the battery life..does it last for a longer time..?Hi. Rather then bothered about battery life, i suggest you look and take good care to test the camera closely to avoid red/purple tint in low light condition as many of the htc one phones out there have this issue even the new one. Thats all. Hope the best for you. Bye bye..; Hi. Rather then bothered about battery life, i suggest you look and take good care to test the camera closely to avoid red/purple tint in low light condition as many of the htc one phones out there have this issue even the new one. Thats all. Hope the best for you. Bye bye..
I want to buy htc one..just a bit worried about the battery life..does it last for a longer time..?; I want to buy htc one..just a bit worried about the battery life..does it last for a longer time..?
Jimma, 07 Dec 2013Hi all, could anyone kindly tell me the difference btw HTC 16GB Version vs HTC 32GB Version..a... moreSpelling difference :P; Spelling difference :P
A black spot just appeared on my camera. don't know what caused it and how to remove it. Please would need help on how to do that. thanks; A black spot just appeared on my camera. don't know what caused it and how to remove it. Please would need help on how to do that. thanks
sambad, 06 Dec 2013We where do I start, I used to be an iPhone user for 3years, it stated to act up a little at 3... moreThe HTC One's battery life has been excellent, reviewers have shown that it beats the iPhone handily in battery torture tests in everything but standby time (which means nothing unless you don't use your phone at all, in which case I'd suggest you buy a dumb phone instead)... The rest of your comment is the usual ignorant iSheep spiel (Hurrr Durrr Malware, Virus, crashes, macs run better blah blah blah...), my guess is that you haven't even used an Android phone in your life, let alone the HTC One. My wife has had more crashes on her iPhones in the last 6 months than I've ever had with any of my Android devices since the ADP-1 was released (first ever Android phone, which I still have, and it still works perfectly)... You're either full of sh*t, have absolutely no idea how to use a smartphone properly, got a broken device, or have never used an Android phone in your life... The HTC One is still one of the best smartphones on the market currently, and that says a lot considering it's a couple months shy of a year old. You Apple fanboys really need to get a life...; The HTC One's battery life has been excellent, reviewers have shown that it beats the iPhone handily in battery torture tests in everything but standby time (which means nothing unless you don't use your phone at all, in which case I'd suggest you buy a dumb phone instead)... The rest of your comment is the usual ignorant iSheep spiel (Hurrr Durrr Malware, Virus, crashes, macs run better blah blah blah...), my guess is that you haven't even used an Android phone in your life, let alone the HTC One. My wife has had more crashes on her iPhones in the last 6 months than I've ever had with any of my Android devices since the ADP-1 was released (first ever Android phone, which I still have, and it still works perfectly)... You're either full of sh*t, have absolutely no idea how to use a smartphone properly, got a broken device, or have never used an Android phone in your life... The HTC One is still one of the best smartphones on the market currently, and that says a lot considering it's a couple months shy of a year old. You Apple fanboys really need to get a life...
Pls help me guys.im waiting for ur reply.which cable i should want to buy?; Pls help me guys.im waiting for ur reply.which cable i should want to buy?
I really wanna know if any one has used HTC one dual, I want to know whats up with the battery life.; I really wanna know if any one has used HTC one dual, I want to know whats up with the battery life.
I really wanna know if any one has used HTC one dual, I want to know whats up with the battery life.; I really wanna know if any one has used HTC one dual, I want to know whats up with the battery life.
I really wanna know if any one has used HTC one dual, I want to know whats up with the battery life.; I really wanna know if any one has used HTC one dual, I want to know whats up with the battery life.
I really wanna know if any one has used HTC one dual, I want to know whats up with the battery life.; I really wanna know if any one has used HTC one dual, I want to know whats up with the battery life.
lemanifik, 04 Dec 2013Just got my kikkat update and sense 5.5. :)Its jelly bean with htc sense 5.5; Its jelly bean with htc sense 5.5
Prateek, 07 Dec 2013my htc one battery goes from 100 to 94 within a minute. why is it so? i bought it in august.... more100 to 94 within a minute is a fast drop to me..
 
 Try the following steps:
 
 1) Turn on power save mode
 2) Turn off wifi & bluetooth whenever not in use
 3) Don't put too many widgets on your home screens, put only those necessary & important to you..
 
 Hope it helps..; 100 to 94 within a minute is a fast drop to me..; Try the following steps:; 1) Turn on power save mode; 2) Turn off wifi & bluetooth whenever not in use; 3) Don't put too many widgets on your home screens, put only those necessary & important to you..; Hope it helps..
Artemis, 07 Dec 2013I just got my HTC one in sep. After a month, i found that when i was playing games for 2 hours... moreIf you used a phone for 2 hours non-stop, any phone will become overheated.. but you will feel more on HTC One because the body was made of aluminium..
 
 I think its normal..; If you used a phone for 2 hours non-stop, any phone will become overheated.. but you will feel more on HTC One because the body was made of aluminium..; I think its normal..
ToonToon, 07 Dec 2013how it possible? shop keeper allow us unboxing it after purchase. because if seal is broken be... moreDepends where you are staying.. i think..
 
 In my country, we are allowed to check the phone before buying..; Depends where you are staying.. i think..; In my country, we are allowed to check the phone before buying..
I want to connect my htc one to my led tv for watching videos.how can i connect it?which cable i should want to buy?MHL or HDMI?; I want to connect my htc one to my led tv for watching videos.how can i connect it?which cable i should want to buy?MHL or HDMI?
my htc one battery goes from 100 to 94 within a minute. why is it so?
 i bought it in august.
 does anyone has solution for this or know the reason why is it happening?; my htc one battery goes from 100 to 94 within a minute. why is it so?; i bought it in august.; does anyone has solution for this or know the reason why is it happening?
choon916, 07 Dec 2013On the camera, then fully cover the lens with your hand & look at the screen.. If the ... morehow it possible? shop keeper allow us unboxing it after purchase. because if seal is broken before then no one want to buy it..; how it possible? shop keeper allow us unboxing it after purchase. because if seal is broken before then no one want to buy it..
I just got my HTC one in sep. After a month, i found that when i was playing games for 2 hours, it was overheated. Do anyone come across this problem?; I just got my HTC one in sep. After a month, i found that when i was playing games for 2 hours, it was overheated. Do anyone come across this problem?
Great phone. 10/10; Great phone. 10/10
Hi all, could anyone kindly tell me the difference btw HTC 16GB Version vs HTC 32GB Version..are the other specs similar apart from the difference in internal memory?; Hi all, could anyone kindly tell me the difference btw HTC 16GB Version vs HTC 32GB Version..are the other specs similar apart from the difference in internal memory?
mubashir, 06 Dec 2013after reading many comments , i found out that many people having issues with pink or purple t... moreOn the camera, then fully cover the lens with your hand & look at the screen..
 
 If the screen shows black color = no problem, buy it!
 If the screen shows pink color = problem, don't buy it!
 
 That's all!; On the camera, then fully cover the lens with your hand & look at the screen..; If the screen shows black color = no problem, buy it!; If the screen shows pink color = problem, don't buy it!; That's all!
I am very lucky to have this amazing phone in my hand :D
 no issues at all very super fast camera excellent 
 very very good battery last; I am very lucky to have this amazing phone in my hand :D; no issues at all very super fast camera excellent; very very good battery last
Definitely RED :); Definitely RED :)
after reading many comments , i found out that many people having issues with pink or purple tint in camera.
 i also want to buy this phone, so plz tell me how to check this problem while purchasing the phone? 
 thank u; after reading many comments , i found out that many people having issues with pink or purple tint in camera.; i also want to buy this phone, so plz tell me how to check this problem while purchasing the phone?; thank u
We where do I start, I used to be an iPhone user for 3years, it stated to act up a little at 3years, figured I'd chang, worst decision ever my HTC one was cool at first but after a few months it started acting up, battery life was bad from day one, my phone crashed wish I bought the insurance like advised would have gotten a new phone with no hastle, now I'm stuck with it. I am switching to everything apple next year, now I understand when they say mac vs pc, all mac products run better, do yourself a favor and go iphone, 
 I don't belive it's htcs fault but the crapy operating system, phone gets viruses really.; We where do I start, I used to be an iPhone user for 3years, it stated to act up a little at 3years, figured I'd chang, worst decision ever my HTC one was cool at first but after a few months it started acting up, battery life was bad from day one, my phone crashed wish I bought the insurance like advised would have gotten a new phone with no hastle, now I'm stuck with it. I am switching to everything apple next year, now I understand when they say mac vs pc, all mac products run better, do yourself a favor and go iphone,; I don't belive it's htcs fault but the crapy operating system, phone gets viruses really.
Farhad NK, 02 Dec 2013hi every one i decided to buy htc one what color is better black or silver? Definitely silver; Definitely silver
lemanifik, 04 Dec 2013Just got my kikkat update and sense 5.5. :)Did the kitkat update solve the purple /red tint camera issue?!; Did the kitkat update solve the purple /red tint camera issue?!
Titanuim, 13 Nov 2013Nice choice ... you will be amazed by how Htc Sense interface is much smoother than touch wiz ... moreI really need help , I bought the silver htc one from an authorized dealer with jovi tronix warranty in Egypt , I got the red tint camera problem , so I have gone to the service center to ask for a replacement , they told me it is not a factory fault and they will not replace it as htc Taiwan told them it is a software issue which will be solved in 4.4 update , 
 What should I do ?!; I really need help , I bought the silver htc one from an authorized dealer with jovi tronix warranty in Egypt , I got the red tint camera problem , so I have gone to the service center to ask for a replacement , they told me it is not a factory fault and they will not replace it as htc Taiwan told them it is a software issue which will be solved in 4.4 update ,; What should I do ?!
Ok for those buying this phone 
 I would say just perfect not because i own it i also own an s4 and let me tell u these benchmarks and processors dont matter its the user interface 
 The new sense 5.5 is just super amazing fast battery life is wayy better then s4 and some android phones it works for about 12 hours with good use wifi amd stuff about 5 hours or more screentime its just perfect the camera is decent great if u want to upload photos but not good compared to s4 camera but on paper is doesnot matter
 The build is supreme sound is just amazing
 I managed to convince 5 other people 2 from iphone 5 and 4s one from s4 and 2 from nokia 920 and 800 they were all like super unique design two of them were sold on the beautiful sound if u are a regular photographer with zoom stuff etc and closeups i would say its normal night photos with flash are just extraordinary 
 For those with tint i swear that i have this phone sjnce 3 weeks and no problem 
 I certainly dont like samsung software so i sold note 2 and i have to tell u that was once the best phone i had.... I bought is for around 600$ new and i have tk tell u as a expert advisor buy this phone ots camera beats the z1 google htc one vs z1 xda camera comparisson
 And see for urself there is no charging problem just use orignal charger on normal use texting and photos is works for 24 hours and for me it works for a whole day very easyily i listen to music alot so that takes the battery too..
 Night photograaphh like at tine of dawn aur dusk or modnight etc us justt amazing
 For focusing its a little slow but there is a technique like just wheb u tap to foucus hit the shutter while flash is on thsts the part where the photos are amazi g 
 For perfect photo u just have to take the best point whete there is the right amount of focus thats all indoor
 More sophiticated very unique design
 I have balck bht prefer silver as it gives more rich look 
 Black is like super stealth like batman
 It has black matte finsih there is no silver problem i droped it twice one on clean marble facedown and no scratch
 For those i woould say just whehn desire hd was released it was all new technology
 Its htc repeating the history !!; Ok for those buying this phone; I would say just perfect not because i own it i also own an s4 and let me tell u these benchmarks and processors dont matter its the user interface; The new sense 5.5 is just super amazing fast battery life is wayy better then s4 and some android phones it works for about 12 hours with good use wifi amd stuff about 5 hours or more screentime its just perfect the camera is decent great if u want to upload photos but not good compared to s4 camera but on paper is doesnot matter; The build is supreme sound is just amazing; I managed to convince 5 other people 2 from iphone 5 and 4s one from s4 and 2 from nokia 920 and 800 they were all like super unique design two of them were sold on the beautiful sound if u are a regular photographer with zoom stuff etc and closeups i would say its normal night photos with flash are just extraordinary; For those with tint i swear that i have this phone sjnce 3 weeks and no problem; I certainly dont like samsung software so i sold note 2 and i have to tell u that was once the best phone i had.... I bought is for around 600$ new and i have tk tell u as a expert advisor buy this phone ots camera beats the z1 google htc one vs z1 xda camera comparisson; And see for urself there is no charging problem just use orignal charger on normal use texting and photos is works for 24 hours and for me it works for a whole day very easyily i listen to music alot so that takes the battery too..; Night photograaphh like at tine of dawn aur dusk or modnight etc us justt amazing; For focusing its a little slow but there is a technique like just wheb u tap to foucus hit the shutter while flash is on thsts the part where the photos are amazi g; For perfect photo u just have to take the best point whete there is the right amount of focus thats all indoor; More sophiticated very unique design; I have balck bht prefer silver as it gives more rich look; Black is like super stealth like batman; It has black matte finsih there is no silver problem i droped it twice one on clean marble facedown and no scratch; For those i woould say just whehn desire hd was released it was all new technology; Its htc repeating the history !!
Just got my kikkat update and sense 5.5. :); Just got my kikkat update and sense 5.5. :)
sai7, 03 Dec 2013submitted my htc one to chennai service centre...for camera repalcement(pink tint issue)...!..... moreInactive; Inactive
Rubbish 4 million pixels is 4 million pixels nowt to do with 12 million pixels just like 4 million bananas is 4 million bananas...Each pixel is a bit bigger than usual capturing more photons therefore better low light photography ,thats it..; Rubbish 4 million pixels is 4 million pixels nowt to do with 12 million pixels just like 4 million bananas is 4 million bananas...Each pixel is a bit bigger than usual capturing more photons therefore better low light photography ,thats it..
submitted my htc one to chennai service centre...for camera repalcement(pink tint issue)...!...service centre and people ther very good..!..They say HTC itself has announced for an camera replacement for the pink tint issue..!..waiting for my phone..!; submitted my htc one to chennai service centre...for camera repalcement(pink tint issue)...!...service centre and people ther very good..!..They say HTC itself has announced for an camera replacement for the pink tint issue..!..waiting for my phone..!
Card slot No
 
 non removable battery
 
 both of them very bad; Card slot 	No; non removable battery; both of them very bad
kannan, 02 Dec 2013I'm from India...my HTC one received updates for 4.3 but when I tried later I get ... There r ... moreWhich Network operator have you subscribed to?; Which Network operator have you subscribed to?
Peter, 02 Dec 2013Hey guys. I am looking to upgrade from my HTC Sensation (which performs quite badly for me wit... moreHi,
 
 U heard people are complaining about HTC One? Well, try to check the users opinion of LG G2, Xperia Z1, Galaxy S4 etc... u will see some people are complaining too...
 
 This is bcoz all manufacturers are producing millions of phones & they can't guarantee that their phones are zero defect...
 
 Just check d phone carefully before u buy... But bear in mind, if u think yourself is a heavy user, then u better go for LG G2, coz the battery is bigger capacity...; Hi,; U heard people are complaining about HTC One? Well, try to check the users opinion of LG G2, Xperia Z1, Galaxy S4 etc... u will see some people are complaining too...; This is bcoz all manufacturers are producing millions of phones & they can't guarantee that their phones are zero defect...; Just check d phone carefully before u buy... But bear in mind, if u think yourself is a heavy user, then u better go for LG G2, coz the battery is bigger capacity...
Peter, 02 Dec 2013Hey guys. I am looking to upgrade from my HTC Sensation (which performs quite badly for me wit... moreGS4 is certainly out since its region locked. That leaves you with HTC One and LG G2.You could add Nexus 5 to your choices; GS4 is certainly out since its region locked. That leaves you with HTC One and LG G2.You could add Nexus 5 to your choices
Exchance it asap; Exchance it asap
asif, 02 Dec 2013only 4mp camera...??I have same question 4 MP in camera?; I have same question 4 MP in camera?
I just bought mine and i have the purple tint problem :(; I just bought mine and i have the purple tint problem :(
asif, 02 Dec 2013only 4mp camera...??its not 4 mp its 4up(ultra pixel) almost equal to 12 mp with better night photos; its not 4 mp its 4up(ultra pixel) almost equal to 12 mp with better night photos
I'm from India...my HTC one received updates for 4.3 but when I tried later I get ... There r no updates to ur phone message.... ?????; I'm from India...my HTC one received updates for 4.3 but when I tried later I get ... There r no updates to ur phone message.... ?????
Hey guys. I am looking to upgrade from my HTC Sensation (which performs quite badly for me with internet dropouts happening very often). I narrowed my choices down to HTC One, GS4 and LG G2. On paper they look very similar, however I DO like the build quality of the HTC. What is holding me back is that many people report quality issues (such as speakers breaking or gaps in the body) and this makes me quite worried because I don't want to spend $600 and be stuck with a dud for 2 years. Is this something to be worried about or just a vocal minority, or maybe carrier specific version having bad quality?; Hey guys. I am looking to upgrade from my HTC Sensation (which performs quite badly for me with internet dropouts happening very often). I narrowed my choices down to HTC One, GS4 and LG G2. On paper they look very similar, however I DO like the build quality of the HTC. What is holding me back is that many people report quality issues (such as speakers breaking or gaps in the body) and this makes me quite worried because I don't want to spend $600 and be stuck with a dud for 2 years. Is this something to be worried about or just a vocal minority, or maybe carrier specific version having bad quality?
The Silver is better dont show marks easy. Black scratch the it leaves silver mark; The Silver is better dont show marks easy. Black scratch the it leaves silver mark
only 4mp camera...??; only 4mp camera...??
hi every one
 i decided to buy htc one
 what color is better
 black or silver?; hi every one; i decided to buy htc one; what color is better; black or silver?
The phone will be better if the bottom dock was see through in the homescreens.; The phone will be better if the bottom dock was see through in the homescreens.
vijay, 30 Nov 2013HI guys.... First thing dont compare Android phones to IOS & windows phones. Cause wit... moreNow that's a good review.; Now that's a good review.
JehanS HTC One, 27 Nov 2013Hey guys.. i am going to buy a HTC One? is it good normal use? please help me..Very good phone...just amazing...has a premium classy feel about which no one can match...is also.......the hottest phone of the year ...and also the smartest phone of the year 2013; Very good phone...just amazing...has a premium classy feel about which no one can match...is also.......the hottest phone of the year ...and also the smartest phone of the year 2013
For those who getting purple/tint issue in HTC one, go to service center they will change the camera censor for free, all issue will b gone after that. go and get it before ur warranty expires; For those who getting purple/tint issue in HTC one, go to service center they will change the camera censor for free, all issue will b gone after that. go and get it before ur warranty expires
i bought a black HTC one, its a gr8 phone, only one thing i hate is if i ever by mistake get it hit by anything the body surface color worns off, so i got 2 or 3 silver small scratches that are not noticable immediatly but it pisses me off cus i just got the phone a month ago, other than that camera is super cool, sound kickass, very fast phone, run games very well, feels very very comfortable in hand unlike Sony z and z1.; i bought a black HTC one, its a gr8 phone, only one thing i hate is if i ever by mistake get it hit by anything the body surface color worns off, so i got 2 or 3 silver small scratches that are not noticable immediatly but it pisses me off cus i just got the phone a month ago, other than that camera is super cool, sound kickass, very fast phone, run games very well, feels very very comfortable in hand unlike Sony z and z1.
Guys,
 
 If u think yourself is a heavy user, then u should look for a phone with at least 3000mAh (more better) battery capacity...
 
 Phones below than that definitely cannot last u for 1 whole day, no matter which model from which manufacturer...; Guys,; If u think yourself is a heavy user, then u should look for a phone with at least 3000mAh (more better) battery capacity...; Phones below than that definitely cannot last u for 1 whole day, no matter which model from which manufacturer...
I want To buy Htc one.; I want To buy Htc one.
Best phone so far for me,been using it since April 2013, no complaints, JUST BUY IT, feel good in hand but could be slippery at time, get the bumper, Best Choice; Best phone so far for me,been using it since April 2013, no complaints, JUST BUY IT, feel good in hand but could be slippery at time, get the bumper, Best Choice
For battery try using Snapdragon Battery Guru on google play store; For battery try using Snapdragon Battery Guru on google play store
Phone absolutely the best in the market after using samsung s4 and other androids but worst part is battery. It dries very fast on wifi; Phone absolutely the best in the market after using samsung s4 and other androids but worst part is battery. It dries very fast on wifi
HI guys....
 First thing dont compare Android phones to IOS & windows phones. Cause with 512 RAM windows & IOS phones can run very well then Android phones (which having 512 RAM).
 Compare the phones with in same range and OS. 
 Apple: - Having great OS ever (till now) IOS, Siri  No virtual Assistant can beat it, rich applications, having great body & more compactable, smooth performance. 
 Cons: - No memory card, price, less apps
 Sony: - water proof & dust proof, good camera, really good display, maintaining good built quality. (Especially SP & Z series)
 Cons: - To much big Bezel (4.5 inches phone is equal to 5 inches other brand phones), sharp edges, bad battery backup (Not ZR & SP), screen protection (less when compare to gorilla glass), Not customizable. 
 Samsung: - maintaining very good sensors, Price, easy to use, good AMOLED display, hitting with a lot of models. (S series & notes)
 Cons: - Almost every mobile looks like same, built quality is bad.
 HTC: - excellent beat Audio, beautiful display, feather touch, good looking models.
 Cons: - Very sensitive will get lot of repairs.
 Nokia: - best Windows phones, good in camera. (Lumia series)
 Cons: - Heavy Body, Very less apps, Not easy to use.
 LG: - To be frank only LG G2, Nexus 4 & 5 are good phones.
 Blackberry: - best business purpose phone.
 Motorola: - Once upon a time it was king unfortunately not now. (My first mobile)
 In my opinion best mobiles now are Apple: 5 & 5S; Sony: Z1 & ZR; Samsung: S4 & S3; HTC: One & One Mini; Nokia: 520,720,920; LG: Nexus 4&5, LG G2; Blackberry: Z10, Z30; Motorola: Droid series & Moto X & Defy; HI guys....; First thing dont compare Android phones to IOS & windows phones. Cause with 512 RAM windows & IOS phones can run very well then Android phones (which having 512 RAM).; Compare the phones with in same range and OS.; Apple: - Having great OS ever (till now) IOS, Siri  No virtual Assistant can beat it, rich applications, having great body & more compactable, smooth performance.; Cons: - No memory card, price, less apps; Sony: - water proof & dust proof, good camera, really good display, maintaining good built quality. (Especially SP & Z series); Cons: - To much big Bezel (4.5 inches phone is equal to 5 inches other brand phones), sharp edges, bad battery backup (Not ZR & SP), screen protection (less when compare to gorilla glass), Not customizable.; Samsung: - maintaining very good sensors, Price, easy to use, good AMOLED display, hitting with a lot of models. (S series & notes); Cons: - Almost every mobile looks like same, built quality is bad.; HTC: - excellent beat Audio, beautiful display, feather touch, good looking models.; Cons: - Very sensitive will get lot of repairs.; Nokia: - best Windows phones, good in camera. (Lumia series); Cons: - Heavy Body, Very less apps, Not easy to use.; LG: - To be frank only LG G2, Nexus 4 & 5 are good phones.; Blackberry: - best business purpose phone.; Motorola: - Once upon a time it was king unfortunately not now. (My first mobile); In my opinion best mobiles now are Apple: 5 & 5S; Sony: Z1 & ZR; Samsung: S4 & S3; HTC: One & One Mini; Nokia: 520,720,920; LG: Nexus 4&5, LG G2; Blackberry: Z10, Z30; Motorola: Droid series & Moto X & Defy
1982_LV, 28 Nov 2013I`m already using HTC One and all is ok. Charge only once in 2 days (about 30min talking every... moreBattery is suck !! great phone !! The best is us my phone 3 hours on talk time have to recharge the phone twice on the same day 
 
 Please make the m8 with a better battery life !!
 
 Sorry for my English; Battery is suck !! great phone !! The best is us my phone 3 hours on talk time have to recharge the phone twice on the same day; Please make the m8 with a better battery life !!; Sorry for my English
is htc one (m7) the same as htc one?; is htc one (m7) the same as htc one?
the htc one is the best phone in the market at all
 very fast and its 4.3 upgrade is great ,camera is perfect , memory is great , sound is perfect audio beats , battary si not bad at alll , very very nice phone; the htc one is the best phone in the market at all; very fast and its 4.3 upgrade is great ,camera is perfect , memory is great , sound is perfect audio beats , battary si not bad at alll , very very nice phone
JehanS HTC One, 27 Nov 2013Hey guys.. i am going to buy a HTC One? is it good normal use? please help me..I`m already using HTC One and all is ok. Charge only once in 2 days (about 30min talking everyday and internet (wifi) 1h and listening to mp3 morning and afternoon)
 One what is not ok - autofocus don`t work well!; I`m already using HTC One and all is ok. Charge only once in 2 days (about 30min talking everyday and internet (wifi) 1h and listening to mp3 morning and afternoon); One what is not ok - autofocus don`t work well!
Mahmoud Mousa, 28 Nov 2013My HTC one suddenly stopped working after only 4 months use. I'm totally disappointed bcuz HTC... moredoes it not come with 2 year warranty?; does it not come with 2 year warranty?
My HTC one suddenly stopped working after only 4 months use. I'm totally disappointed bcuz HTC service center told me that its motherboard was Burned. now I have to bay 2300 Egyptian pound (320$) to replace it by a new one. Actually there is nothing to be said except watzfuk; My HTC one suddenly stopped working after only 4 months use. I'm totally disappointed bcuz HTC service center told me that its motherboard was Burned. now I have to bay 2300 Egyptian pound (320$) to replace it by a new one. Actually there is nothing to be said except watzfuk
Hey guys.. i am going to buy a HTC One? is it good normal use? please help me..; Hey guys.. i am going to buy a HTC One? is it good normal use? please help me..
Have the 4.3 update and the phone is just brilliant (even the camera). No battery issues, nothing missing. I am waiting on 4.4 KitKat.; Have the 4.3 update and the phone is just brilliant (even the camera). No battery issues, nothing missing. I am waiting on 4.4 KitKat.
ragav52, 25 Nov 2013Ya i got the same problem after updating to 4.3.. i couldnt zoom in my camera while capturing ... moreHi I had the same problem when receiving the upgrade. Try doing a pinch zoom with your fingers when taking a phot or video then the zoom controls also appear on the screen.; Hi I had the same problem when receiving the upgrade. Try doing a pinch zoom with your fingers when taking a phot or video then the zoom controls also appear on the screen.
JUSTICE, 26 Nov 2013HTC is a nice phone but i think it has a poor picture quality so it should b improved upon.It's U with a poor image facially. I have this phone for 7 months pictures are clear and slightly natural.; It's U with a poor image facially. I have this phone for 7 months pictures are clear and slightly natural.
r.diazp, 24 Nov 2013Hello, I have bought a HTC One Unlocked version in Amazon. I have used an ATT simcard but I o... moreIt has you jus; It has you jus
pol, 25 Nov 2013No solution yet. Pink tint still persist after the update too geesh. Battery has lesser life a... moreTry using another camera app on the playstore; Try using another camera app on the playstore
Even after uploading android 4.3 software there is a problem with the camera and there is no improvement HTC has to look into the matter immediately as it is giving wrong vibe s to the customer s; Even after uploading android 4.3 software there is a problem with the camera and there is no improvement HTC has to look into the matter immediately as it is giving wrong vibe s to the customer s
Best smartphone i have ever seen and beats g2,s4, z etc; Best smartphone i have ever seen and beats g2,s4, z etc
android0, 19 Nov 2013I don't care if you don't like the G2, just because of the update? You're crazy! Just compare ... moreDear i have g2 and my brother has htc one 
 I compare them 
 Htc one beats lg g2 
 And think about one max which beats aal phones in market; Dear i have g2 and my brother has htc one; I compare them; Htc one beats lg g2; And think about one max which beats aal phones in market
HTC is a nice phone but i think it has a poor picture quality so it should b improved upon.; HTC is a nice phone but i think it has a poor picture quality so it should b improved upon.
Vikram, 23 Nov 2013HTC one comes in only 4g ready options thr isnt a 3g only...and best color is silver..it has t... moreThank you very much for help.; Thank you very much for help.
dev666, 25 Nov 2013Purple/pink tint cant fix with software update because that related to hardware problem not so... moredude. i too have the same problem. Does the HTC service centre fix it for free. i have my warranty too.; dude. i too have the same problem. Does the HTC service centre fix it for free. i have my warranty too.
pol, 25 Nov 2013No solution yet. Pink tint still persist after the update too geesh. Battery has lesser life a... morePurple/pink tint cant fix with software update because that related to hardware problem not software. Mine got same problem which is purple/pink tint when i use my camera in low light.. so i sent to HTC center and i told them to give me a new set. Then bam!! Everything i fine now. I suggest if your HTC one got purple/pink tint too dont wait any update coz it can't fix your problem. Send to HTC center try to request new one. Good luck guys ..Sorry for bad english..; Purple/pink tint cant fix with software update because that related to hardware problem not software. Mine got same problem which is purple/pink tint when i use my camera in low light.. so i sent to HTC center and i told them to give me a new set. Then bam!! Everything i fine now. I suggest if your HTC one got purple/pink tint too dont wait any update coz it can't fix your problem. Send to HTC center try to request new one. Good luck guys ..Sorry for bad english..
HTC one After upgrade to 4.3 not the HTC I once owned its more like a htc not very happy with it can I down grade to what it was to get joy again or do I wait for the fixes to come please advise; HTC one After upgrade to 4.3 not the HTC I once owned its more like a htc not very happy with it can I down grade to what it was to get joy again or do I wait for the fixes to come please advise
Htc one sold today n I got the ip5.
 I can't tolerate with the pink tint anymore no..with htc.
 Go to the service centre today and I have been treated like some idiots. 
 Very very poor service htc.
 I'm a very loyal fan of htc (coming from Butterfly) and now,I'm ashamed if I use their product.
 I also heard that so many unit of htc one has the camera issue.
 And so many of them can't be fix by software update.
 I suggest any potential buyer to quit buying htc.
 Better is samsung or apple.; Htc one sold today n I got the ip5.; I can't tolerate with the pink tint anymore no..with htc.; Go to the service centre today and I have been treated like some idiots.; Very very poor service htc.; I'm a very loyal fan of htc (coming from Butterfly) and now,I'm ashamed if I use their product.; I also heard that so many unit of htc one has the camera issue.; And so many of them can't be fix by software update.; I suggest any potential buyer to quit buying htc.; Better is samsung or apple.
ragav52, 25 Nov 2013Ya i got the same problem after updating to 4.3.. i couldnt zoom in my camera while capturing ... moreNo solution yet. Pink tint still persist after the update too geesh. Battery has lesser life as well. Too any bugs in my opinion. I hope htc will fix this very soon. Planning to sell my phone if ever it will not release fixes soon; No solution yet. Pink tint still persist after the update too geesh. Battery has lesser life as well. Too any bugs in my opinion. I hope htc will fix this very soon. Planning to sell my phone if ever it will not release fixes soon
pol, 24 Nov 2013After updating to 4.3, the zoom in my camera suddenly disappeared! Can somebody help me enable... moreYa i got the same problem after updating to 4.3.. i couldnt zoom in my camera while capturing a image.. so did u got any solution??? if u do plz reply or mail me at ragz.chary@gmail.com.. Thank u; Ya i got the same problem after updating to 4.3.. i couldnt zoom in my camera while capturing a image.. so did u got any solution??? if u do plz reply or mail me at ragz.chary@gmail.com.. Thank u
Handicapped terrible camera _ htc; Handicapped terrible camera _ htc
Rodrigo, 24 Nov 2013Hello, In my htc one, there are the following option in "Peferred Network Mode": On... morefor lte it should say , gsm / wcdma / lte auto; for lte it should say , gsm / wcdma / lte auto
r.diazp, 24 Nov 2013Hello, I have bought a HTC One Unlocked version in Amazon. I have used an ATT simcard but I o... moreYou have the non LTE Version; You have the non LTE Version
haha you crazy folks comparing 5s, s4 , note 3, z, z1.. Just wait for the htc one 2 with 8 ultrapix camera and 5-inch display.. It gonna eat em up coz its design is so unbeatable and that premium feel you'll get with it is uncomparable. =D Proudly waiting for q1 of 2014..; haha you crazy folks comparing 5s, s4 , note 3, z, z1.. Just wait for the htc one 2 with 8 ultrapix camera and 5-inch display.. It gonna eat em up coz its design is so unbeatable and that premium feel you'll get with it is uncomparable. =D Proudly waiting for q1 of 2014..
mokoana, 24 Nov 2013None of the above. iPhone 5s is the best till 2017. HTC snapdragon 600 outdated. note 3 snapdr... moreoh iphone 5s!!! 4" screen... really.. with one more icon row.. what will the iphone 6 have then, an additional row again!!!; oh iphone 5s!!! 4" screen... really.. with one more icon row.. what will the iphone 6 have then, an additional row again!!!
mokoana, 24 Nov 2013None of the above. iPhone 5s is the best till 2017. HTC snapdragon 600 outdated. note 3 snapdr... moreyou are so funny just being 64bit doesn't mean it can rule all others, Snapdragon 600 & 800 are both cool SOC and most of the phones having these 2 SOC also have Full HD display, your iphone have 640 x 1136 pixels, 4.0 inches (~326 ppi pixel density) and also they are running on future OS >> Android; you are so funny just being 64bit doesn't mean it can rule all others, Snapdragon 600 & 800 are both cool SOC and most of the phones having these 2 SOC also have Full HD display, your iphone have 640 x 1136 pixels, 4.0 inches (~326 ppi pixel density) and also they are running on future OS >> Android
My service is wIt Sprint. Chose the HTC One after much research. Did not work out well. 1st of 6 HTC One's speaker went out in 10 days. Sprint replaced it. 2nd just would not function. Sprint replaced it within 2 days. 3rd phone had severe connectivity trouble. Sprint replaced it. 4th phone dropped calls, I could not talk on it indoors even with 2 towers within 2 miles from my home. Sprint replaced it. 5th phone dropped calls and would not complete calls indoors. Sprint replaced it. 6th phone the speaker went bad in 17 days. Sprint let me move to the Samsung Galaxy S4 and everything functions very well. No trouble in 34 days and counting.; My service is wIt Sprint. Chose the HTC One after much research. Did not work out well. 1st of 6 HTC One's speaker went out in 10 days. Sprint replaced it. 2nd just would not function. Sprint replaced it within 2 days. 3rd phone had severe connectivity trouble. Sprint replaced it. 4th phone dropped calls, I could not talk on it indoors even with 2 towers within 2 miles from my home. Sprint replaced it. 5th phone dropped calls and would not complete calls indoors. Sprint replaced it. 6th phone the speaker went bad in 17 days. Sprint let me move to the Samsung Galaxy S4 and everything functions very well. No trouble in 34 days and counting.
confusious, 23 Nov 2013which is much better HTC ONE OR NOTE 3?? camera??and overall performance? pls need help!!None of the above. iPhone 5s is the best till 2017. HTC snapdragon 600 outdated. note 3 snapdragon 800 outdated. iphone 5s 64 bit the future of every smartphone. choose iphone 5s; None of the above. iPhone 5s is the best till 2017. HTC snapdragon 600 outdated. note 3 snapdragon 800 outdated. iphone 5s 64 bit the future of every smartphone. choose iphone 5s
It's ultra pixel.lets try something new.I am gonna have it soon.......; It's ultra pixel.lets try something new.I am gonna have it soon.......
gnaredo, 23 Nov 2013Come only 4 mega on camera?Ultra not mega; Ultra not mega
Does htc one have a mettalic body ??; Does htc one have a mettalic body ??
Hello,
 I have bought a HTC One Unlocked version in Amazon. I have used an ATT simcard but I only got H+. In the option "Preferred Network Mode" there are the following options: GSM, WCDMA and GSM / WCDMA. This means that my HTC One does not support LTE????? Please your help. Thanks!; Hello,; I have bought a HTC One Unlocked version in Amazon. I have used an ATT simcard but I only got H+. In the option "Preferred Network Mode" there are the following options: GSM, WCDMA and GSM / WCDMA. This means that my HTC One does not support LTE????? Please your help. Thanks!
Hello,
 In my htc one, there are the following option in "Peferred Network Mode": Only GSM, Only WCDMA and WCDMA/GSM. Is this mean that my htc one does not support LTE??? I bought the unlocked version from Amazon.
 
 Thanks for your help!; Hello,; In my htc one, there are the following option in "Peferred Network Mode": Only GSM, Only WCDMA and WCDMA/GSM. Is this mean that my htc one does not support LTE??? I bought the unlocked version from Amazon.; Thanks for your help!
The pink tint issue solved yet ?; The pink tint issue solved yet ?
After updating to 4.3, the zoom in my camera suddenly disappeared! Can somebody help me enable it? Did someone also experienced it?; After updating to 4.3, the zoom in my camera suddenly disappeared! Can somebody help me enable it? Did someone also experienced it?
Check under settings , mobile data then network mode then you can see if your phone has LTE OR 3G; Check under settings , mobile data then network mode then you can see if your phone has LTE OR 3G
mike07, 20 Nov 2013http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=891vPmhiGn8 Hey! Look at this! G2 wins over Htc one!also in that youtube video comments you should see that most of the people love htc one. It's premium smartphone and is simply the best. use it and u will know well wat i say.; also in that youtube video comments you should see that most of the people love htc one. It's premium smartphone and is simply the best. use it and u will know well wat i say.
Come only 4 mega on camera?; Come only 4 mega on camera?
which is much better HTC ONE OR NOTE 3?? camera??and overall performance? pls need help!!; which is much better HTC ONE OR NOTE 3?? camera??and overall performance? pls need help!!
Nasser 91, 22 Nov 2013The last two questions ?! , 1) what do you recommend as buying option to buy the 3G version fr... moreHTC one comes in only 4g ready options thr isnt a 3g only...and best color is silver..it has the metal finish..looks classy the best in any android phone; HTC one comes in only 4g ready options thr isnt a 3g only...and best color is silver..it has the metal finish..looks classy the best in any android phone
Anonymous, 22 Nov 2013On my box it says it is 4G LTE. If you have the box it should say. I would imagine it is the... moreI did not find it on my phone box; I did not find it on my phone box
I have htc one,htc one x+ and my wife has xperia z.No doubt htc one is the best from all 3 phones.But,the best camera,by far,is in the htc one x+.The 4 ultrapixel it is a big mistake.For this reason htc one missed the chance to be the best phone of 2013.I hope HTC it is going to make a better phone and replace this "unique" camera with something better.; I have htc one,htc one x+ and my wife has xperia z.No doubt htc one is the best from all 3 phones.But,the best camera,by far,is in the htc one x+.The 4 ultrapixel it is a big mistake.For this reason htc one missed the chance to be the best phone of 2013.I hope HTC it is going to make a better phone and replace this "unique" camera with something better.
rey, 21 Nov 2013oh well the so called purple tint issues I suggest guys that you dont buy this phone bec.its a... morexperia z has a horrible camera and horrible battery may be u meant z1,htc one camera is good especially if u r taking a lot of indoor photos.
 
 what i discovered lately about the htc one is that it has infra red transmitter and receiver unlike the gs4 which has only IR transmitter,so htc one can be used on any devices even if the infamous brands.; xperia z has a horrible camera and horrible battery may be u meant z1,htc one camera is good especially if u r taking a lot of indoor photos.; what i discovered lately about the htc one is that it has infra red transmitter and receiver unlike the gs4 which has only IR transmitter,so htc one can be used on any devices even if the infamous brands.
Titanuim, 13 Nov 2013Nice choice ... you will be amazed by how Htc Sense interface is much smoother than touch wiz ... moreThe last two questions ?! , 1) what do you recommend as buying option to buy the 3G version from Egypt ( warranty included ) or the 4g version from Dubai (no warranty) 
 And the second which color do you recommend me pick silver or black ? 
 And agin thanks a lot for help ?; The last two questions ?! , 1) what do you recommend as buying option to buy the 3G version from Egypt ( warranty included ) or the 4g version from Dubai (no warranty); And the second which color do you recommend me pick silver or black ?; And agin thanks a lot for help ?
IslamOsman, 21 Nov 2013finally i got my HTC One. very nice phone, screen and speakers. but i have two questions 1. I... moreOn my box it says it is 4G LTE. If you have the box it should say. I would imagine it is the 4G if you just got it.; On my box it says it is 4G LTE. If you have the box it should say. I would imagine it is the 4G if you just got it.
so what do we really want? a phone or a camera?; so what do we really want? a phone or a camera?
cam not good quality.remaining all functions good; cam not good quality.remaining all functions good
finally i got my HTC One. very nice phone, screen and speakers. but i have two questions
 1. I need to know if my HTC One is 3G or 4G version (it is HTC One 801n )
 
 2 my android version is 4.2.2 and a 4.3 version update is available. do you recommend me to update to 4.3?; finally i got my HTC One. very nice phone, screen and speakers. but i have two questions; 1. I need to know if my HTC One is 3G or 4G version (it is HTC One 801n ); 2 my android version is 4.2.2 and a 4.3 version update is available. do you recommend me to update to 4.3?
oh well the so called purple tint issues I suggest guys that you dont buy this phone bec.its a crappy one. Many of my Filipino friends had this phone and yes its like 9/10 has purple tint issues on their camera. Buy the xperia z instead. And the warranty service here sucks you have to wait a month or so to get your unit back for repair and guess what still the issue is their or the issue will be return after a month. HTC had really done bad on this phone..; oh well the so called purple tint issues I suggest guys that you dont buy this phone bec.its a crappy one. Many of my Filipino friends had this phone and yes its like 9/10 has purple tint issues on their camera. Buy the xperia z instead. And the warranty service here sucks you have to wait a month or so to get your unit back for repair and guess what still the issue is their or the issue will be return after a month. HTC had really done bad on this phone..
choon916, 20 Nov 2013Guys, Every flagship smartphone is definitely a great phone... Nokia has Lumia 1020, Sa... moreNow snapdragon 805. adrona 430 has caused 2013 phones to be outdated. note 3 is already outdated. Android is trying hard to outbreak iPhone and is not possible. I learnt whilst using android that the year you bought your phone is the year your phone will become outdated. There numerous reasons why people opts iPhone over android. one of the reason is this one. android phone gets too old very quick. I have iPhone 4s it runs perfectly well and it was launch in 2011. Show me an android phone with the latest update that was launched in 2011?. I solemnly venerate iPhone. hats off...; Now snapdragon 805. adrona 430 has caused 2013 phones to be outdated. note 3 is already outdated. Android is trying hard to outbreak iPhone and is not possible. I learnt whilst using android that the year you bought your phone is the year your phone will become outdated. There numerous reasons why people opts iPhone over android. one of the reason is this one. android phone gets too old very quick. I have iPhone 4s it runs perfectly well and it was launch in 2011. Show me an android phone with the latest update that was launched in 2011?. I solemnly venerate iPhone. hats off...
Big issues with camera not focusing. Taking a legible photograph with text is impossible.; Big issues with camera not focusing. Taking a legible photograph with text is impossible.
Riz, 15 Nov 2013Need Help: Hello Guys, I am in Beijing on an assignment and bought an HTC One through JD.com, ... moreOh dude, when you buy phone in china always make sure, whether your device is hongkong version or mainland version. I am quite sure that you got the mainland version. Google is somehow blocked in china, so no google play, and you will get mostly of the local apps. There is nothing pretty much you can do, unless you know some one who is very good in tweaking android os they probably can change the os. I used to live in china but all the gadgets that I bought is always HK version including my htc one and ipad 
 
 Hope it may help a bit; Oh dude, when you buy phone in china always make sure, whether your device is hongkong version or mainland version. I am quite sure that you got the mainland version. Google is somehow blocked in china, so no google play, and you will get mostly of the local apps. There is nothing pretty much you can do, unless you know some one who is very good in tweaking android os they probably can change the os. I used to live in china but all the gadgets that I bought is always HK version including my htc one and ipad; Hope it may help a bit
This phone looked great but the syncing problems are unbelievable - I have spent hours on the phone with their help service which is hopeless. Worked one day and then failed the next. If they can't work it out what is the use of this phone and how dare they sell a defective product. Just wish I had stuck with iPhone which worked. Looks like chuck it away and put it down to experience; This phone looked great but the syncing problems are unbelievable - I have spent hours on the phone with their help service which is hopeless. Worked one day and then failed the next. If they can't work it out what is the use of this phone and how dare they sell a defective product. Just wish I had stuck with iPhone which worked. Looks like chuck it away and put it down to experience
HTC one equals: speed, power,screen, sound,endurance and luxury. This combination is hard win. It is not perfect but it approach as it gets. Have it 3 months and absolutely recommend it.; HTC one equals: speed, power,screen, sound,endurance and luxury. This combination is hard win. It is not perfect but it approach as it gets. Have it 3 months and absolutely recommend it.
android0, 20 Nov 2013what? specs are not an advantage anymore? are you dreaming? is it much faster than the G2? no!... moreI can perfectly manage the battery life for 2 days. Of course, HTC One charging speed is quite slow that's the only thing that I'm worrying. My friends who bought Optimus 4X still running their phones in stocked android version and they hate it and getting boring. While my other friends who bought HTC One X even got new sence 5 and Android 4.2.2. LG users recommended me never buy a LG phone. When HTC released their new flagship phone in 2014, I'm ready to buy it and hope they will solve the charging speed problem.; I can perfectly manage the battery life for 2 days. Of course, HTC One charging speed is quite slow that's the only thing that I'm worrying. My friends who bought Optimus 4X still running their phones in stocked android version and they hate it and getting boring. While my other friends who bought HTC One X even got new sence 5 and Android 4.2.2. LG users recommended me never buy a LG phone. When HTC released their new flagship phone in 2014, I'm ready to buy it and hope they will solve the charging speed problem.
Guys,
 
 Every flagship smartphone is definitely a great phone... 
 
 Nokia has Lumia 1020, Samsung has S4 & Note 3, LG has G2 & Optimus G Pro, Sony has Xperia Z1, HTC has One & Butterfly S etc...
 
 Each of them has their own strengths & weaknesses, we don't have to argue which one is better... Just glad you own one of them & enjoy... that's all... relax...
 
 Furthermore, i feel it's totally unfair to compare 2 smartphones which were released in different timing... of course the latter one will include newer, better & more advance technology, right? agree?; Guys,; Every flagship smartphone is definitely a great phone...; Nokia has Lumia 1020, Samsung has S4 & Note 3, LG has G2 & Optimus G Pro, Sony has Xperia Z1, HTC has One & Butterfly S etc...; Each of them has their own strengths & weaknesses, we don't have to argue which one is better... Just glad you own one of them & enjoy... that's all... relax...; Furthermore, i feel it's totally unfair to compare 2 smartphones which were released in different timing... of course the latter one will include newer, better & more advance technology, right? agree?
Techno J., 20 Nov 2013Indeed, Optimus G2 is better than HTC One in specs wise. However, it's not an advantage anymor... morehttp://m.youtube.com/watch?v=891vPmhiGn8 
 
 Hey! Look at this! G2 wins over Htc one!; Hey! Look at this! G2 wins over Htc one!
what? specs are not an advantage anymore? are you dreaming? is it much faster than the G2? no! it can never beat G2 when is comes to speed and day to day usage.. ok then, lets say HTC one is awesome, but what if we compare its batteries between G2 and HTC one??? fast charging and long battery usage that's G2, but long charging time and short battery life that's HTC one.. how can you enjoy your smartphone??? just base it on daily usage.. who cares about premium phone if it would not last for a day after charge.. tsk..; what? specs are not an advantage anymore? are you dreaming? is it much faster than the G2? no! it can never beat G2 when is comes to speed and day to day usage.. ok then, lets say HTC one is awesome, but what if we compare its batteries between G2 and HTC one??? fast charging and long battery usage that's G2, but long charging time and short battery life that's HTC one.. how can you enjoy your smartphone??? just base it on daily usage.. who cares about premium phone if it would not last for a day after charge.. tsk..
HTC one equals: speed, power,screen, sound,endurance and luxury. This combination is hard win. It is not perfect but it approach as it gets. Have it 3 months and absolutely recommend it.; HTC one equals: speed, power,screen, sound,endurance and luxury. This combination is hard win. It is not perfect but it approach as it gets. Have it 3 months and absolutely recommend it.
slow charging is the big problem of this phone; slow charging is the big problem of this phone
android0, 19 Nov 2013I don't care if you don't like the G2, just because of the update? You're crazy! Just compare ... moreWho cares that you dont care ???; Who cares that you dont care ???
this's is amaging phone,camera result is very amaging & sound quality is superbbbbbbbbbbbb.Guys this's nice phone just buy it.; this's is amaging phone,camera result is very amaging & sound quality is superbbbbbbbbbbbb.Guys this's nice phone just buy it.
android0, 19 Nov 2013I don't care if you don't like the G2, just because of the update? You're crazy! Just compare ... moreIndeed, Optimus G2 is better than HTC One in specs wise. However, it's not an advantage anymore. After I was updated into Android 4.3, the phone is twice faster and super smooth than ever before. Only advantage in optimus G2 is better camera (Slightly better) than HTC One. Other than the camera, HTC One beat Optimus G2 in display, music quality, design, user-friendly and many more. 
 
 Who cares about ugly brick if there is available a premium class phone.; Indeed, Optimus G2 is better than HTC One in specs wise. However, it's not an advantage anymore. After I was updated into Android 4.3, the phone is twice faster and super smooth than ever before. Only advantage in optimus G2 is better camera (Slightly better) than HTC One. Other than the camera, HTC One beat Optimus G2 in display, music quality, design, user-friendly and many more.; Who cares about ugly brick if there is available a premium class phone.
Techno J., 18 Nov 2013The real question is how often LG release Android updates? The answer is never, they never rel... moreits funny bcoz Nexus 4 and Nexus 5 are manufactured by LG :D; its funny bcoz Nexus 4 and Nexus 5 are manufactured by LG :D
im sad with this phone.
 
 the super slow charging phone i ever use.
 it takes almost 6 hrs from 3 to 100% when im using the phone while charging..
 this is why i dont like this phone.
 all htc phone have the same problem
 super slow charging; im sad with this phone.; the super slow charging phone i ever use.; it takes almost 6 hrs from 3 to 100% when im using the phone while charging..; this is why i dont like this phone.; all htc phone have the same problem; super slow charging
I don't care if you don't like the G2, just because of the update? You're crazy! Just compare htc one and G2 when it comes to user experience, G2 will blow your Htc one miles away. I don't care about the updates, what matters to me is G2 is BETTER THAN YOUR HTC ONE in all aspects!; I don't care if you don't like the G2, just because of the update? You're crazy! Just compare htc one and G2 when it comes to user experience, G2 will blow your Htc one miles away. I don't care about the updates, what matters to me is G2 is BETTER THAN YOUR HTC ONE in all aspects!
Nishant, 19 Nov 2013Guyz can i get htc one 4g version in India..??If you get the international version.; If you get the international version.
phil, 18 Nov 2013after 3 months, My HTC One is overheating, will only charge when off and doing some really wei... moreMine HTC one is 4 months old now and this gadget is getting better n better. Battery backup easily lasts for a day.My phone doesn't heat up and camera is superb.I recommend HTC one over S4.; Mine HTC one is 4 months old now and this gadget is getting better n better. Battery backup easily lasts for a day.My phone doesn't heat up and camera is superb.I recommend HTC one over S4.
Anonymous, 18 Nov 2013Buy the htc oneGuyz can i get htc one 4g version in India..??; Guyz can i get htc one 4g version in India..??
HTC One is better than S4, S4 has so many strength on pen and paper. But simply put I waould like to own the One, may be the build and smoothness are the over riding factors. The camera is a real downside but still the One comes out on top.; HTC One is better than S4, S4 has so many strength on pen and paper. But simply put I waould like to own the One, may be the build and smoothness are the over riding factors. The camera is a real downside but still the One comes out on top.
guys pls help me what do you think is much better, the samsung galaxy s4 i9506 or htc one? i need your opinion. thx; guys pls help me what do you think is much better, the samsung galaxy s4 i9506 or htc one? i need your opinion. thx
1) how is the battery life of this cell ??
 As i m very keen user of net.
 2) does this cell get over heat while playing games or while charging ??
 3) it has android os, & I've heard android hangs up the device a lot. I know its quad core But stil, does this device hangs while multi tasking.
 Plz clear my doubts as early as possible as m gona go with this cell in this week.; 1) how is the battery life of this cell ??; As i m very keen user of net.; 2) does this cell get over heat while playing games or while charging ??; 3) it has android os, & I've heard android hangs up the device a lot. I know its quad core But stil, does this device hangs while multi tasking.; Plz clear my doubts as early as possible as m gona go with this cell in this week.
android0, 18 Nov 2013Don't waste your money on this phone, i suggest you go should buy LG G2.. Fast charging and h... moreThe real question is how often LG release Android updates? The answer is never, they never release or sometimes it takes around 2-3 years to release only one single Android update.
 
 So, I'll never ever buy a LG phone.; The real question is how often LG release Android updates? The answer is never, they never release or sometimes it takes around 2-3 years to release only one single Android update.; So, I'll never ever buy a LG phone.
after 3 months, My HTC One is overheating, will only charge when off and doing some really weird stuff when in a phone call.
 I'm thinking its defective but does anyone else have these issues. I am in Australia and its updated to 4.2.2; after 3 months, My HTC One is overheating, will only charge when off and doing some really weird stuff when in a phone call.; I'm thinking its defective but does anyone else have these issues. I am in Australia and its updated to 4.2.2
Karthi, 18 Nov 2013Hi Folks, I am planning to buy HTC one, please give your opinion. Can I buy this or Can I ... moreBuy the htc one; Buy the htc one
Don't waste your money on this phone, i suggest you go should buy LG G2.. Fast charging and has a great battery life!; Don't waste your money on this phone, i suggest you go should buy LG G2.. Fast charging and has a great battery life!
I can not understand what is the difference between 801s, 801n, 801c and 801e. Which one is better? Can anyone help me?; I can not understand what is the difference between 801s, 801n, 801c and 801e. Which one is better? Can anyone help me?
just updated to 4.3, finally!!! From vietnam.; just updated to 4.3, finally!!! From vietnam.
Hi Folks,
 
 I am planning to buy HTC one, please give your opinion. Can I buy this or Can I buy IPhone 5c?; Hi Folks,; I am planning to buy HTC one, please give your opinion. Can I buy this or Can I buy IPhone 5c?
The HTC one is a truly amazing handset; The HTC one is a truly amazing handset
The HTC one is aaaaamazing!; The HTC one is aaaaamazing!
I have to say, the HTC One is truly amazing on paper as well as in real life. I have to take my hat off to HTC. Bravo!; I have to say, the HTC One is truly amazing on paper as well as in real life. I have to take my hat off to HTC. Bravo!
Saubhagya, 17 Nov 2013guys pls can anyone tell that 1)is face unlock feature is available in 4.3 UPDATE IN INDIA ?... moreThis this link out to know what's new in 4.3 update.
 
 http://www.trustedreviews.com/android-4-3-jelly-bean_Software_review; This this link out to know what's new in 4.3 update.
I'm updating my HTC ONE just now ... I'm so excited. Yaaeeee; I'm updating my HTC ONE just now ... I'm so excited. Yaaeeee
guys pls can anyone tell that 
 1)is face unlock feature is available in 4.3 UPDATE IN INDIA ???
 2)hows the battery performance in 4.3 ?? 
 3)hows the gallery interface ?? because many say that gallery is bad in 4.3 in comparision to 4.2.2....???
 
 pls reply......; guys pls can anyone tell that; 1)is face unlock feature is available in 4.3 UPDATE IN INDIA ???; 2)hows the battery performance in 4.3 ??; 3)hows the gallery interface ?? because many say that gallery is bad in 4.3 in comparision to 4.2.2....???; pls reply......
How does the flash light work in the night?; How does the flash light work in the night?
How does the lash light work in the night?; How does the lash light work in the night?
clarkKent, 17 Nov 2013This blue and purple tint issue appears at ISO 800 and higher. It's not a bug or anything. Thi... moreIt's hardware problem.. I face a same problem before then I sent back my HTC one to service center to replace new one for me.. then.. after I received new replacement purple tint got even I set to iso auto even 1800..; It's hardware problem.. I face a same problem before then I sent back my HTC one to service center to replace new one for me.. then.. after I received new replacement purple tint got even I set to iso auto even 1800..
This blue and purple tint issue appears at ISO 800 and higher. It's not a bug or anything. This is normal to occur at highest sensitivity rates! Check your compact camera and you'll get the same effect - just grainy. It is ugly, but you can reduce the ISO, because the aperterure is so big alreday. An awesome phone, though! :); This blue and purple tint issue appears at ISO 800 and higher. It's not a bug or anything. This is normal to occur at highest sensitivity rates! Check your compact camera and you'll get the same effect - just grainy. It is ugly, but you can reduce the ISO, because the aperterure is so big alreday. An awesome phone, though! :)
Ty G., 17 Nov 2013No fix for purple tint..When i first bought mine, it does not have the purple tint i only got it after updating it to 4.2.2; When i first bought mine, it does not have the purple tint i only got it after updating it to 4.2.2
No fix for purple tint..; No fix for purple tint..
Finally update my ONE in South Africa 4.3 yeeha; Finally update my ONE in South Africa 4.3 yeeha
Finally, 4.3 update w/ Sense 5.5 is here in Nigeria...; Finally, 4.3 update w/ Sense 5.5 is here in Nigeria...
one of the best model Android handset, super azazing 
 camera functions..; one of the best model Android handset, super azazing; camera functions..
art, 16 Nov 2013 hi guys. I really like this phone and i am planning to buy one. But reading the comments here... morebefore u buy..
 open the camera app..
 cover it with ur hand or place it down on a table..
 if it turn pink or purple..its defective..
 wanna safe choice?
 get lg g2 or nexus 5; before u buy..; open the camera app..; cover it with ur hand or place it down on a table..; if it turn pink or purple..its defective..; wanna safe choice?; get lg g2 or nexus 5
hi guys. I really like this phone and i am planning to buy one. But reading the comments here made me afraid of having that purple tint issue with the cam. Can anyone give me an advise, Is it still present on new release of the device given it is released last march. Im now in Libya.; hi guys. I really like this phone and i am planning to buy one. But reading the comments here made me afraid of having that purple tint issue with the cam. Can anyone give me an advise, Is it still present on new release of the device given it is released last march. Im now in Libya.
Ryan, 12 Nov 2013Does this phone hangs by any chance! As it's not removable! I'm planning to get an android ph... morecheck LG G2; check LG G2
Android 4.3, Sense 5.5 update.. some say better, some say worst after update..
 
 Update or not? any suggestions guys?; Android 4.3, Sense 5.5 update.. some say better, some say worst after update..; Update or not? any suggestions guys?
hamzeh, 16 Nov 2013Purple tint fixed in android 4.3 hell yeah Are you sure?
 I just update this morning to 4.3
 No camera fix.i still got the pink tint.
 Its a hardware issue.
 Going sc soon to fix, still got my warranty.
 Anyone here send their phone for a fix?share?
 xda forum - pink,purple tint camera cause by faulty sensor.
 Its a big problem for me, bcoz i like low light pics.
 Now my gallery is infested with pinkish pics.
 Htc ultrapinkxel ..; Are you sure?; I just update this morning to 4.3; No camera fix.i still got the pink tint.; Its a hardware issue.; Going sc soon to fix, still got my warranty.; Anyone here send their phone for a fix?share?; xda forum - pink,purple tint camera cause by faulty sensor.; Its a big problem for me, bcoz i like low light pics.; Now my gallery is infested with pinkish pics.; Htc ultrapinkxel ..
Purple tint in what version solved?
 what version in better? 801s?801n?801e?
 developer edition better than other version?; Purple tint in what version solved?; what version in better? 801s?801n?801e?; developer edition better than other version?
Hari Love Musiz, 15 Nov 2013when india get android kitkat 4.4 update for htc one????It's seems to be HTC One won't get the 4.4 KitKat. Only upcoming HTC flagship phone will get the 4.4 KitKat; It's seems to be HTC One won't get the 4.4 KitKat. Only upcoming HTC flagship phone will get the 4.4 KitKat
hamzeh, 16 Nov 2013Purple tint fixed in android 4.3 hell yeah No, it's not fixed..; No, it's not fixed..
updating now to 4.3 and sense 5.5 here in the Philippines.. this better fix the purple tint..; updating now to 4.3 and sense 5.5 here in the Philippines.. this better fix the purple tint..
At least 4.3 and 5.5 in Greece; At least 4.3 and 5.5 in Greece
Purple tint fixed in android 4.3 hell yeah; Purple tint fixed in android 4.3 hell yeah
when india get android kitkat 4.4 update for htc one????; when india get android kitkat 4.4 update for htc one????
>>>>HTC ONE BEST phone 2013; >>>>HTC ONE BEST phone 2013
Please i need your directons on how to use my HTC ONE TV in Nigeria. please i need your urgent feedback.; Please i need your directons on how to use my HTC ONE TV in Nigeria. please i need your urgent feedback.
Need Help: Hello Guys, I am in Beijing on an assignment and bought an HTC One through JD.com, what i have got is an android phone with all applications of OS in Chinese and no Google Play. 
 How can i make it Google Play competible and install applications like Watsapp , Skype and others in English ?? 
 Any experts available on line to help out??; Need Help: Hello Guys, I am in Beijing on an assignment and bought an HTC One through JD.com, what i have got is an android phone with all applications of OS in Chinese and no Google Play.; How can i make it Google Play competible and install applications like Watsapp , Skype and others in English ??; Any experts available on line to help out??
HTC One in Thailand is getting 4.3 now! Hell yeah!; HTC One in Thailand is getting 4.3 now! Hell yeah!
At last is India.. 4.3 with 5.5..thanks HTC; At last is India.. 4.3 with 5.5..thanks HTC
South East Asia users, u can update your phone to 4.3 now! and God bless Philippines. from malaysia; South East Asia users, u can update your phone to 4.3 now! and God bless Philippines. from malaysia
Vikram, 14 Nov 2013What do u mean by read/blue voice???? and do u need to click a pic of just click on the cam ic... moreEarly devices suffered from purple tint at low light.
 U can touch to focus then tab the camera button
 U can touch to focus and capture 
 U can long press to Lock focus anf exposure; Early devices suffered from purple tint at low light.; U can touch to focus then tab the camera button; U can touch to focus and capture; U can long press to Lock focus anf exposure
Titanuim, 13 Nov 2013Nice choice ... you will be amazed by how Htc Sense interface is much smoother than touch wiz ... moreWhat do u mean by read/blue voice???? and do u need to click a pic of just click on the cam icon and hold onnn; What do u mean by read/blue voice???? and do u need to click a pic of just click on the cam icon and hold onnn
i love dis phone sooo much; i love dis phone sooo much
Nasser 91, 13 Nov 2013Thanks for the advice , but I will sell my s4 and buy the htc one for the same price around 40... moreNice choice ... you will be amazed by how Htc Sense interface is much smoother than touch wiz ... in my opinion its the only device i used offers the iPhone smooth experince but on Android.
 i used many S2,S3,Note1,Note2 Tab10.1 Note10.1 ..etc nothing gets close to the smooth Sense UI.
 
 My only advice is to Buy the neweset versions available to avoid the purple camera issue.
 
 Many early versions suffers from a purple tint in black lights i mean totally black scenes.
 
 To check your new device before buying Just completly cover the camera with your finger and open the camera application .. it should be totally black ... stay like this for around 3 minutes (yes 3minutes covering the camera with your finger) if the display stays completely black and no red/purple noise appears BUY it Immediatlly :) :) :); Nice choice ... you will be amazed by how Htc Sense interface is much smoother than touch wiz ... in my opinion its the only device i used offers the iPhone smooth experince but on Android.; i used many S2,S3,Note1,Note2 Tab10.1 Note10.1 ..etc nothing gets close to the smooth Sense UI.; My only advice is to Buy the neweset versions available to avoid the purple camera issue.; Many early versions suffers from a purple tint in black lights i mean totally black scenes.; To check your new device before buying Just completly cover the camera with your finger and open the camera application .. it should be totally black ... stay like this for around 3 minutes (yes 3minutes covering the camera with your finger) if the display stays completely black and no red/purple noise appears BUY it Immediatlly :) :) :)
Titanuim, 13 Nov 2013In dubai 4g and 3g versions are found . In egypt only 3g Really i dont want you to make th... moreThanks for the advice , but I will sell my s4 and buy the htc one for the same price around 4000l.e , and I already bought my s4 for 4000l.e so I will not lose money , I will switch to the one because of the bad build quality and the overheating problem , so what do you recommend me ?; Thanks for the advice , but I will sell my s4 and buy the htc one for the same price around 4000l.e , and I already bought my s4 for 4000l.e so I will not lose money , I will switch to the one because of the bad build quality and the overheating problem , so what do you recommend me ?
Does HTC One support Video call??; Does HTC One support Video call??
Several hardware and software variants of the HTC One were released in selected regions in 32 GB and 64 GB models. The HTC One 801e (M7_U) was released in Taiwan. The HTC One 801s (M7_UL) was released in Australia, Hong Kong, and Singapore. The HTC One 801n (M7_UL) was released in Europe, the Middle East and Africa. The HTC One 801n LTE versions (M7_WLJ, M7_WLV), Verizon HTC One HTC6500LVW (M7_WLV) LTE version, and Sprint HTC One (HTC M7_WLS) LTE version were released in North America only in 32 GB models. The HTC J One HTL22 was released in Japan, and the HTC TD101 802w/d/t in mainland China. A developer edition and Google Play edition were also released in the United States in 32 GB and 64 GB models.
 
 Source
 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTC_One; Several hardware and software variants of the HTC One were released in selected regions in 32 GB and 64 GB models. The HTC One 801e (M7_U) was released in Taiwan. The HTC One 801s (M7_UL) was released in Australia, Hong Kong, and Singapore. The HTC One 801n (M7_UL) was released in Europe, the Middle East and Africa. The HTC One 801n LTE versions (M7_WLJ, M7_WLV), Verizon HTC One HTC6500LVW (M7_WLV) LTE version, and Sprint HTC One (HTC M7_WLS) LTE version were released in North America only in 32 GB models. The HTC J One HTL22 was released in Japan, and the HTC TD101 802w/d/t in mainland China. A developer edition and Google Play edition were also released in the United States in 32 GB and 64 GB models.; Source
anyone please advise, how can i check whether the device is LTE enabled or not? my HTC one box does not indicate whether LTE is available. where else can i check? 
 
 please advise 
 thanks; anyone please advise, how can i check whether the device is LTE enabled or not? my HTC one box does not indicate whether LTE is available. where else can i check?; please advise; thanks
Loved the feel of this phone and replaced my HTC Desire with it. Mistake. HTC motherboard crapped out after 12 months and HTC couldnt fix and told me to bin it. What a waste of time.; Loved the feel of this phone and replaced my HTC Desire with it. Mistake. HTC motherboard crapped out after 12 months and HTC couldnt fix and told me to bin it. What a waste of time.
Hova83, 12 Nov 2013Hi guys I just got an international unlocked HTC but I've got a slight problem which sorta rui... moreHi go search this up on youtube they show few ways to keep to phone from overheating.; Hi go search this up on youtube they show few ways to keep to phone from overheating.
In dubai 4g and 3g versions are found . In egypt only 3g
 Really i dont want you to make the switch ... Honestly there isnt much difference except for the premium metal feel and the amazing beats speakers.
 
 If you were going to buy this or that i would recommend you the htc. But since you already bought the s4 so the money you gonna lose in selling your S4 snd paying extra for the htc one is not justified in my opinion for the switch.
 
 Wait for the new generations the next htc flagship or the next galaxy s5 . I hope i have helped.; In dubai 4g and 3g versions are found . In egypt only 3g; Really i dont want you to make the switch ... Honestly there isnt much difference except for the premium metal feel and the amazing beats speakers.; If you were going to buy this or that i would recommend you the htc. But since you already bought the s4 so the money you gonna lose in selling your S4 snd paying extra for the htc one is not justified in my opinion for the switch.; Wait for the new generations the next htc flagship or the next galaxy s5 . I hope i have helped.
Titanuim, 12 Nov 2013Yes am from egypt. And about the switch there isnt much difference between the two except t... moreThe photos are perfect , and the comparison is also good well done (Y) , so do you recommend me to switch , and which is better to buy it from Egypt or from Dubai ?, thanks in advance.; The photos are perfect , and the comparison is also good well done (Y) , so do you recommend me to switch , and which is better to buy it from Egypt or from Dubai ?, thanks in advance.
The best phone i ever seen; The best phone i ever seen
Its a curse in Htc one Buddy. 
 When did you purchase the phone?? 
 If it's not 15 days then its better u go to service center and ask for doa 
 And get it replaced else it week create lot of problems in long run. 
 I got mine replaced due to the same problem.; Its a curse in Htc one Buddy.; When did you purchase the phone??; If it's not 15 days then its better u go to service center and ask for doa; And get it replaced else it week create lot of problems in long run.; I got mine replaced due to the same problem.
Hova83, 12 Nov 2013Hi titanium. Im having a very frustrating problem with my HTC one and was wondering if u cud o... moreYea it get little warm not that hot .. thats because the aluminum body ... It may get hot under heavy gaming but thats normal in all phones. There is no cooling fan inside :) 
 please reply on flickr as here there is no notifications; Yea it get little warm not that hot .. thats because the aluminum body ... It may get hot under heavy gaming but thats normal in all phones. There is no cooling fan inside :); please reply on flickr as here there is no notifications
Nasser 91, 12 Nov 2013Titanium , are you from Egypt , because I am from Egypt and I want to switch my galaxy s4 for ... moreYes am from egypt. And about the switch there isnt much difference between the two except that htc one is much better built quality and speakers also better low light camera. please reply on flickr as here there is no notifications; Yes am from egypt. And about the switch there isnt much difference between the two except that htc one is much better built quality and speakers also better low light camera. please reply on flickr as here there is no notifications
Farhad NK, 12 Nov 2013very beautiful pictures haven't any problem with camera in night? can u tell me about all in... moreAm all stock android 4.2.2 sense5 please reply on flickr as here there is no notifications; Am all stock android 4.2.2 sense5 please reply on flickr as here there is no notifications
Titanuim, 12 Nov 2013My selection of low light htc one photos ... Hope u like it.. .. i will be glad to read your... moreHi titanium. Im having a very frustrating problem with my HTC one and was wondering if u cud offer some helpful tips or solution. My HTC one gets hot with little and heavy use. Is der anything I can do to stop that cuz it ruins this beautiful phone for me. Thanks a lot.; Hi titanium. Im having a very frustrating problem with my HTC one and was wondering if u cud offer some helpful tips or solution. My HTC one gets hot with little and heavy use. Is der anything I can do to stop that cuz it ruins this beautiful phone for me. Thanks a lot.
Hi guys I just got an international unlocked HTC but I've got a slight problem which sorta ruins the experience for me. The phone gets very hot most times during light and heavy use. Can anybody give me some advice on how to recitify that pleaseeeeee anyone.; Hi guys I just got an international unlocked HTC but I've got a slight problem which sorta ruins the experience for me. The phone gets very hot most times during light and heavy use. Can anybody give me some advice on how to recitify that pleaseeeeee anyone.
Titanuim, 12 Nov 2013My selection of low light htc one photos ... Hope u like it.. .. i will be glad to read your... moreTitanium , are you from Egypt , because I am from Egypt and I want to switch my galaxy s4 for HTC one and I want to ask you a lot of questions; Titanium , are you from Egypt , because I am from Egypt and I want to switch my galaxy s4 for HTC one and I want to ask you a lot of questions
Gomes, 12 Nov 2013Which should buy, HTC one or LG G2 or LG Nexus 5? I am really confused. Please help me to take... moreIf you are interested about the handing and the compact handling,design,sun legibility,boom sound,cinematic low motion videos,htc one is the choice; If you are interested about the handing and the compact handling,design,sun legibility,boom sound,cinematic low motion videos,htc one is the choice
Titanuim, 12 Nov 2013My selection of low light htc one photos ... Hope u like it.. .. i will be glad to read your... morevery beautiful pictures
 haven't any problem with camera in night?
 can u tell me about all information from your phone?
 software? build number? SN? and ...
 i decide to bye htc one; very beautiful pictures; haven't any problem with camera in night?; can u tell me about all information from your phone?; software? build number? SN? and ...; i decide to bye htc one
hi everyone
 i'm from Iran and there are very difference version of this phone in my country.
 what is a last series of this phone?
 camera problem solved in new series? 
 sry for bad writhing; hi everyone; i'm from Iran and there are very difference version of this phone in my country.; what is a last series of this phone?; camera problem solved in new series?; sry for bad writhing
Which should buy, HTC one or LG G2 or LG Nexus 5? I am really confused. Please help me to take decision.; Which should buy, HTC one or LG G2 or LG Nexus 5? I am really confused. Please help me to take decision.
What are the difference between htc one 801s and 801n? 
 1.Hardware?
 2.Software?
 3.Features?
 4.Which is the best model?
 Pls help me friend..; What are the difference between htc one 801s and 801n?; 1.Hardware?; 2.Software?; 3.Features?; 4.Which is the best model?; Pls help me friend..
Does this phone hangs by any chance! As it's not removable!
 I'm planning to get an android phone? Will this be the right choice
 Please I seriously need help; Does this phone hangs by any chance! As it's not removable!; I'm planning to get an android phone? Will this be the right choice; Please I seriously need help
My selection of low light htc one photos ... Hope u like it.. .. i will be glad to read your comments about the picture at flickr
 http://www.flickr.com/photos/77173783@N00/sets/72157636086615266/; My selection of low light htc one photos ... Hope u like it.. .. i will be glad to read your comments about the picture at flickr
jad, 11 Nov 2013No my phone takes 2 hrs to fully charge the batt,,,check your voltage and regulate it,,or chec... moreim using the original charger..
 sometimes i get 6 hrs to fully charge when i using the phone while charging; im using the original charger..; sometimes i get 6 hrs to fully charge when i using the phone while charging
The best phone on the planet,....Apple will use the same screen size next year,and maybe the same curved design,,,it is very attractive and s,s,s,s,s,s: " smart,sexy,slik,slim,shine,so modern" ,the hand love it,and it hate to leave it,,,go up htc,and big bravoooo,,; The best phone on the planet,....Apple will use the same screen size next year,and maybe the same curved design,,,it is very attractive and s,s,s,s,s,s: " smart,sexy,slik,slim,shine,so modern" ,the hand love it,and it hate to leave it,,,go up htc,and big bravoooo,,
htcbest, 08 Nov 2013my htc one takes almost 4 hrs to fully charge from 0% to, 100% it is normal? plzzzz help me. No my phone takes 2 hrs to fully charge the batt,,,check your voltage and regulate it,,or check the charge, 1 amper and 5 volt output; No my phone takes 2 hrs to fully charge the batt,,,check your voltage and regulate it,,or check the charge, 1 amper and 5 volt output
Hi guys,i want to know how to check if my htc one is 4g,or international model like 801s or 801n. Ived check already in the software and hardwarevof the phone.i cannot fine this two things.please help.tenkz a lot.; Hi guys,i want to know how to check if my htc one is 4g,or international model like 801s or 801n. Ived check already in the software and hardwarevof the phone.i cannot fine this two things.please help.tenkz a lot.
Hi guys,i want to know how to check if my htc one is 4g,or international model like 801s or 801n. Ived check already in the software and hardwarevof the phone.i cannot fine this two things.please help.tenkz a lot.; Hi guys,i want to know how to check if my htc one is 4g,or international model like 801s or 801n. Ived check already in the software and hardwarevof the phone.i cannot fine this two things.please help.tenkz a lot.
Hi guys. I owned this phone once. I admired the premium and sturdy built quality. Then, came the camera problem with red and purple tint everytime in average to low light. So ,i held on hoping a software update will resolve the issues. Alas, to no avail. Now i am happy using my Alcatel One Touch Idol X with almost the same premium and sturdy built quality plus the more cheaper price for high spec performance. Hoping HTC One Max doesn't have this issue, then i will go and buy the phone. That is all. Bye..; Hi guys. I owned this phone once. I admired the premium and sturdy built quality. Then, came the camera problem with red and purple tint everytime in average to low light. So ,i held on hoping a software update will resolve the issues. Alas, to no avail. Now i am happy using my Alcatel One Touch Idol X with almost the same premium and sturdy built quality plus the more cheaper price for high spec performance. Hoping HTC One Max doesn't have this issue, then i will go and buy the phone. That is all. Bye..
hakunamatata, 10 Nov 2013You mean with same usage Xperia Sp live 1.5 days and Htc One live 1 day only . Right ?? Have ... moreYes that's what I meant :)
 No I didn't try any custom rom; Yes that's what I meant :); No I didn't try any custom rom
hakunamatata, 10 Nov 2013You mean with same usage Xperia Sp live 1.5 days and Htc One live 1 day only . Right ?? Have ... moreYes that's what I meant :)
 No I didn't try any custom rom; Yes that's what I meant :); No I didn't try any custom rom
vijey777, 10 Nov 2013I am from srilanka.i bought htc one yesterday.it model number is 801s.i want to know that whic... moreThe only differences are in the radio bands supported son no need to worry.
 Congratulation for your new phone!; The only differences are in the radio bands supported son no need to worry.; Congratulation for your new phone!
I am from srilanka.i bought htc one yesterday.it model number is 801s.i want to know that which is the best model.htc one 801s or 801n?; I am from srilanka.i bought htc one yesterday.it model number is 801s.i want to know that which is the best model.htc one 801s or 801n?
rimtaf38, 09 Nov 2013Turn off HDR in camera settingsNo I didn't even turned on hdr. I have my settings all auto (or iso 100). Help me.. ~sighh; No I didn't even turned on hdr. I have my settings all auto (or iso 100). Help me.. ~sighh
Hussami, 10 Nov 2013Dear Friend i was having xperia sp too but i have changed to htc one and i found xperia sp bat... moreYou mean with same usage Xperia Sp live 1.5 days and Htc One live 1 day only . Right ??
 Have u tried custom Roms on HTC ONE , Is there any significant battery improvement as compared to Stock Htc Rom; You mean with same usage Xperia Sp live 1.5 days and Htc One live 1 day only . Right ??; Have u tried custom Roms on HTC ONE , Is there any significant battery improvement as compared to Stock Htc Rom
vijey777, 09 Nov 2013I bought htc one just one.it model number is 801s.is that international version?also is that 4... morethe 4g international model is 801n
 801s is also 4g but its for asia
 801e is the 3g model
 801n is the best ever; the 4g international model is 801n; 801s is also 4g but its for asia; 801e is the 3g model; 801n is the best ever
this is the best android phone ever...; this is the best android phone ever...
hakunamatata, 09 Nov 2013I currently have Xperia Sp which has 2370maH battery and it has very satisfied battery life fo... moreDear Friend i was having xperia sp too but i have changed to htc one and i found xperia sp battery live better than htc one same usage sp one day and half htc one .... one day; Dear Friend i was having xperia sp too but i have changed to htc one and i found xperia sp battery live better than htc one same usage sp one day and half htc one .... one day
Hi guys,just wanna ask what's new in 4.3 update,what features do we get??
 Thanks in advance.; Hi guys,just wanna ask what's new in 4.3 update,what features do we get??; Thanks in advance.
vijey777, 08 Nov 2013Tomorrow im going to buy htc one.which color is best?pls help me.black or silver?i prefer black, looks cool!; i prefer black, looks cool!
Hey can any one tell htc one dual sim will get 4.3 or 4.4 update; Hey can any one tell htc one dual sim will get 4.3 or 4.4 update
Nazmi, 09 Nov 2013I love my htc one sooo much. Perfect phone. No lag, excellent speakers & screen, premium d... moreIts a hardware issue , no update solved the red tint issue yet.pls contact htc service centre; Its a hardware issue , no update solved the red tint issue yet.pls contact htc service centre
Anonymous, 08 Nov 2013When i first bought my htc one, it is under 4.1.2JB and all working fine. camera is good on l... moreIts a hardware problem so replace your handset from htc stores; Its a hardware problem so replace your handset from htc stores
Had the HTC ONE as an early update yesterday as an early upgrade from vodafone uk as I wasn't prepared to pay the 150 for the iPhone 5s, as i like loud music and not found a handset to rival iPhone in the past ( with after market earphones. This blows it out of the water for sound with the supplied earphones that come with it, volume is excellent and with no distortion at full volume either!!! As I like to play around with settings too I find the Android operating system suits me better than ios, try it you won't be disappointed.; Had the HTC ONE as an early update yesterday as an early upgrade from vodafone uk as I wasn't prepared to pay the 150 for the iPhone 5s, as i like loud music and not found a handset to rival iPhone in the past ( with after market earphones. This blows it out of the water for sound with the supplied earphones that come with it, volume is excellent and with no distortion at full volume either!!! As I like to play around with settings too I find the Android operating system suits me better than ios, try it you won't be disappointed.
babak, 09 Nov 2013Update to android 4.3 and it will be solvedAre you sure after update to 4.3, this purple tint problem can be completely solved?; Are you sure after update to 4.3, this purple tint problem can be completely solved?
Floridian, 07 Nov 2013Titanuim, you really have taken those photos with the HTC one? Amazing pictures.Yes.. . U can check the info about each image; Yes.. . U can check the info about each image
Nazmi, 09 Nov 2013I love my htc one sooo much. Perfect phone. No lag, excellent speakers & screen, premium d... moreUpdate to android 4.3 and it will be solved; Update to android 4.3 and it will be solved
I currently have Xperia Sp which has 2370maH battery and it has very satisfied battery life for me . Is the HTC ONE havine 2300mah battery has similar or better battery life as compared to Xperia SP ?? Plz reply; I currently have Xperia Sp which has 2370maH battery and it has very satisfied battery life for me . Is the HTC ONE havine 2300mah battery has similar or better battery life as compared to Xperia SP ?? Plz reply
Nazmi, 09 Nov 2013I love my htc one sooo much. Perfect phone. No lag, excellent speakers & screen, premium d... moreTurn off HDR in camera settings; Turn off HDR in camera settings
Anonymous, 09 Nov 2013Really fantastic phone.I bought htc one just one.it model number is 801s.is that international version?also is that 4g?pls help me guys.; I bought htc one just one.it model number is 801s.is that international version?also is that 4g?pls help me guys.
I love my htc one sooo much. Perfect phone. No lag, excellent speakers & screen, premium design and more.
 But there's one problem that made me wanted to trade this phone so badly.. the purple tint camera. I used to take pictures everytime. Please help me are there any way to fix it?; I love my htc one sooo much. Perfect phone. No lag, excellent speakers & screen, premium design and more.; But there's one problem that made me wanted to trade this phone so badly.. the purple tint camera. I used to take pictures everytime. Please help me are there any way to fix it?
vijey777, 09 Nov 2013What is the initial charge?how to charge my brand new phone before going to use.just now i bou... moreWhen i bought my HTC One, it was about 50% charged..
 
 My dealer told me to use up the battery 1st, then charge it for 8 hrs..; When i bought my HTC One, it was about 50% charged..; My dealer told me to use up the battery 1st, then charge it for 8 hrs..
jad, 08 Nov 2013Hi and thx all,,i m in lebanon,beirut,,i bought it about 590$,,no it isnt mini,,it is sized as... moreWhen i sleep, i will leave my HTC One on.. 
 
 With the sleep mode on, it will drop about 1% per hour only, which is very good to me..
 
 If 10 hrs, mine most probably will drop about 10% only..; When i sleep, i will leave my HTC One on..; With the sleep mode on, it will drop about 1% per hour only, which is very good to me..; If 10 hrs, mine most probably will drop about 10% only..
Really fantastic phone.; Really fantastic phone.
What is the initial charge?how to charge my brand new phone before going to use.just now i bought htc one.my dealer said that 3 hours/20min break/after that again 3 hours.is that correct or not?pls help me friend.; What is the initial charge?how to charge my brand new phone before going to use.just now i bought htc one.my dealer said that 3 hours/20min break/after that again 3 hours.is that correct or not?pls help me friend.
htcbest, 08 Nov 2013my htc one takes almost 4 hrs to fully charge from 0% to, 100% it is normal? plzzzz help me. yup its normal...; yup its normal...
jad, 08 Nov 2013Hi and thx all,,i m in lebanon,beirut,,i bought it about 590$,,no it isnt mini,,it is sized as... morehere: www.gsmarena.com/a_16gb_htc_one_will_hit_the_store_shelves_in_its_homeland_this_week-news-5943.php
 
 
 you said your phone is empty??? hmmm..; here: www.gsmarena.com/a_16gb_htc_one_will_hit_the_store_shelves_in_its_homeland_this_week-news-5943.php; you said your phone is empty??? hmmm..
my htc one takes almost 4 hrs to fully charge from 0% to, 100%
 it is normal? 
 plzzzz help me.; my htc one takes almost 4 hrs to fully charge from 0% to, 100%; it is normal?; plzzzz help me.
Mohamed, 29 Oct 2013I have a question guys, when a notification plays in applications like whatsapp .. after sound... moreturn off NFC and beats sound, i believe it is an old issue of htc one, probably the software of the beats sound that amplifies the sound. it could also be a carrier issue, turns out that forcing the phone off HD voice by switching off the juiciest mobile data modes greatly alleviated the problem with static during calls. (Settings / Mobile data / Network mode / GSM only).
 
 i recommend you bring your phone to htc customer service technician to have it solved for you rather than experimenting with it, besides they might even change the phone for you.; turn off NFC and beats sound, i believe it is an old issue of htc one, probably the software of the beats sound that amplifies the sound. it could also be a carrier issue, turns out that forcing the phone off HD voice by switching off the juiciest mobile data modes greatly alleviated the problem with static during calls. (Settings / Mobile data / Network mode / GSM only).; i recommend you bring your phone to htc customer service technician to have it solved for you rather than experimenting with it, besides they might even change the phone for you.
Anonymous, 08 Nov 2013you may have bought the HTC One Mini which is why it only has 16GB of internal storageThx for help but no i m sure that it s htc one ,the size is 4,7" similar to GS3.....and it is very fast,,cool display,amazing camera,,it is not fake, but the memory is 16 GB,i dont know why; Thx for help but no i m sure that it s htc one ,the size is 4,7" similar to GS3.....and it is very fast,,cool display,amazing camera,,it is not fake, but the memory is 16 GB,i dont know why
pogz112, 07 Nov 2013where is your location/ country? 16gb version is only available in Taiwan for Chunghwa Telecom... moreHi and thx all,,i m in lebanon,beirut,,i bought it about 590$,,no it isnt mini,,it is sized as GS4,,,4,7",,,,,so geat display,,,and today i find a problem in battery,,the phone is empty no apps installed except whatsapp and viber but the battety life about 10 hrs in sleep mode,,,plz help,; Hi and thx all,,i m in lebanon,beirut,,i bought it about 590$,,no it isnt mini,,it is sized as GS4,,,4,7",,,,,so geat display,,,and today i find a problem in battery,,the phone is empty no apps installed except whatsapp and viber but the battety life about 10 hrs in sleep mode,,,plz help,
vijey777, 08 Nov 2013Tomorrow im going to buy htc one.which color is best?pls help me.black or silver?Silver waaaaw,,,,,magic in your hand,,but i will advise you,,,go to htc one mini,really it is enough,dual core 1gb ram,similar to iphone5 speed,,and the most important thing that is the mini one is more compact in your hand,and no need ti quad core and then battery consumes and battery draining; Silver waaaaw,,,,,magic in your hand,,but i will advise you,,,go to htc one mini,really it is enough,dual core 1gb ram,similar to iphone5 speed,,and the most important thing that is the mini one is more compact in your hand,and no need ti quad core and then battery consumes and battery draining
How do i fix the purple tint during night photos. Is HTC doing something about it? can it be fixed with a software update or is it a defective camera?; How do i fix the purple tint during night photos. Is HTC doing something about it? can it be fixed with a software update or is it a defective camera?
Tomorrow im going to buy htc one.which color is best?pls help me.black or silver?; Tomorrow im going to buy htc one.which color is best?pls help me.black or silver?
muhammad, 26 Oct 2013why camera is only 4 megapixel It's 4 mp works better then 8 mp; It's 4 mp works better then 8 mp
Kareem Kisho, 08 Nov 2013Can I turn its vertical menu to horizontal menu like in Samsung and xperia?? which one is b... morethe htc is better than every phones; the htc is better than every phones
When i first bought my htc one, it is under 4.1.2JB and all working fine. camera is good on low light environment, antutu benchmark hits 24-26,000. but after upgrading it to 4.2.2JB antutu runs less than 20k, most of the time it hits 19,200-19,600 never goes up same score the way it was before. then the camera seems have a problem, i experience the purple tint issue during low light. what causing this problem. almost all of the users here have this issue, can htc fix it? the camera was excellent but not until the purple tint issue arise.; When i first bought my htc one, it is under 4.1.2JB and all working fine. camera is good on low light environment, antutu benchmark hits 24-26,000. but after upgrading it to 4.2.2JB antutu runs less than 20k, most of the time it hits 19,200-19,600 never goes up same score the way it was before. then the camera seems have a problem, i experience the purple tint issue during low light. what causing this problem. almost all of the users here have this issue, can htc fix it? the camera was excellent but not until the purple tint issue arise.
Can I turn its vertical menu to horizontal menu like in Samsung and xperia??
 
 which one is better z1 or htc one??
 
 please help; Can I turn its vertical menu to horizontal menu like in Samsung and xperia??; which one is better z1 or htc one??; please help
jad, 07 Nov 2013Hi..i buy today htc one but it has 16GB memory..it is wrong or there is a version like it ??..... moreyou may have bought the HTC One Mini which is why it only has 16GB of internal storage; you may have bought the HTC One Mini which is why it only has 16GB of internal storage
battz, 07 Nov 2013is htc one come with beats headphones?This phone comes with a ear in headphone. However, it's not a original Beats headphone. Although, it has a perfect music quality that might be satisfy you.; This phone comes with a ear in headphone. However, it's not a original Beats headphone. Although, it has a perfect music quality that might be satisfy you.
jad, 07 Nov 2013Hi..i buy today htc one but it has 16GB memory..it is wrong or there is a version like it ??..... moreHi,
 I do not think there is a 16GB version of htc one. better check it again.; Hi,; I do not think there is a 16GB version of htc one. better check it again.
battz, 07 Nov 2013is htc one come with beats headphones?No, but the earphones that come with it are really good.; No, but the earphones that come with it are really good.
jad, 07 Nov 2013Hi..i buy today htc one but it has 16GB memory..it is wrong or there is a version like it ??..... morewhere is your location/ country? 16gb version is only available in Taiwan for Chunghwa Telecom or Taiwan Mobile..; where is your location/ country? 16gb version is only available in Taiwan for Chunghwa Telecom or Taiwan Mobile..
Hi..i buy today htc one but it has 16GB memory..it is wrong or there is a version like it ??..gsmarena said that it is 32gb and 64gb; Hi..i buy today htc one but it has 16GB memory..it is wrong or there is a version like it ??..gsmarena said that it is 32gb and 64gb
is htc one come with beats headphones?; is htc one come with beats headphones?
Titanuim, 04 Nov 2013Hope u like my low light photo collection on flickr.. just to show you the Amazing UltraPixel... moreTitanuim, you really have taken those photos with the HTC one? Amazing pictures.; Titanuim, you really have taken those photos with the HTC one? Amazing pictures.
I wish HTC makes a media player to compete with apple 2014! With snapdragon midrange of 2014 720P screen , 4.7" same design 1GB ram android 5.0 sense 6.0 and everything else; I wish HTC makes a media player to compete with apple 2014! With snapdragon midrange of 2014 720P screen , 4.7" same design 1GB ram android 5.0 sense 6.0 and everything else
Does it hav dedicated video call option??; Does it hav dedicated video call option??
Hello everyone!! I need your help guys. I just got my htc one but suddenly after I remove my sim card because I want to change carrier it goes on screen no sim card and I put it back and try again the sim card and again no sim card detected. What seems to be the problem? 5 days used and suddenly it's like that. Darn it! Help!!!; Hello everyone!! I need your help guys. I just got my htc one but suddenly after I remove my sim card because I want to change carrier it goes on screen no sim card and I put it back and try again the sim card and again no sim card detected. What seems to be the problem? 5 days used and suddenly it's like that. Darn it! Help!!!
As I work for a mobile network I use all the high end phones. This is the best phone I have ever used. It has amazing quality in every respect. There is one negative & for me it was a big one which forced me to change after 4 months, the battery is the worst I have ever seen in a mobile. So if you want the phone to look at & admire then this is great, if you want to use a phone through out the day then stay away.; As I work for a mobile network I use all the high end phones. This is the best phone I have ever used. It has amazing quality in every respect. There is one negative & for me it was a big one which forced me to change after 4 months, the battery is the worst I have ever seen in a mobile. So if you want the phone to look at & admire then this is great, if you want to use a phone through out the day then stay away.
olamidey2kng, 05 Nov 2013Thank you for the information i really do appreciate.Just to honest battery backup under high end gaming i.e: asphalt8 dead trigger2 isnt that good so do expect under 6hrs too.
 Glad i have helped u; Just to honest battery backup under high end gaming i.e: asphalt8 dead trigger2 isnt that good so do expect under 6hrs too.; Glad i have helped u
Titanuim, 05 Nov 2013Heavy User ( Gaming ) = 6 hrs Heavy User ( Wifi ) = 13 hrs Heavy User ( Data 3g/Lte ) ... moreThank you for the information i really do appreciate.; Thank you for the information i really do appreciate.
olamidey2kng, 05 Nov 2013Thank you all for all the post here for us to know what to get from the phone. I have a questi... moreHeavy User ( Gaming ) = 6 hrs
 Heavy User ( Wifi ) = 13 hrs
 Heavy User ( Data 3g/Lte ) = 9 hrs
 
 Maximum Screen On Time with wifi and 3g is 4~5 Hrs
 
 Normal Usage with Power Saver ON switching between 3g and Wifi and (30 Min. Gaming with PowerSaver Off)
 at the end of the day i get around 30~40% Battery left; Heavy User ( Gaming ) = 6 hrs; Heavy User ( Wifi ) = 13 hrs; Heavy User ( Data 3g/Lte ) = 9 hrs; Maximum Screen On Time with wifi and 3g is 4~5 Hrs; Normal Usage with Power Saver ON switching between 3g and Wifi and (30 Min. Gaming with PowerSaver Off); at the end of the day i get around 30~40% Battery left
Thank you all for all the post here for us to know what to get from the phone. I have a question for everyone that have real experience on HTC ONE.
 
 How long can the battery stay with heavy user and will the new OS KitKat be available to all HTC ONE family.; Thank you all for all the post here for us to know what to get from the phone. I have a question for everyone that have real experience on HTC ONE.; How long can the battery stay with heavy user and will the new OS KitKat be available to all HTC ONE family.
IslamOsman, 05 Nov 2013Can i ask you about the htc agent in Egypt?Sure .. its 5000l.e with warranty and original flip cover and screen protector. Been 2month now and didnt try the agent till now as the phone is working great thanks to god; Sure .. its 5000l.e with warranty and original flip cover and screen protector. Been 2month now and didnt try the agent till now as the phone is working great thanks to god
Titanuim, 05 Nov 2013thx :)Can i ask you about the htc agent in Egypt?; Can i ask you about the htc agent in Egypt?
This is the best phone I have ever used. bravo HTC; This is the best phone I have ever used. bravo HTC
Vin Mok, 28 Oct 2013Do anyone facing the same problem with me? Camera with purple tint??i believed the purple tint issue is related to the manufacture date of the phone.. my i know the last for numbers/letter of the serial number?; i believed the purple tint issue is related to the manufacture date of the phone.. my i know the last for numbers/letter of the serial number?
hussami, 04 Nov 2013coooooooool man....where did this photos taken, i have seen some Arabic written on the wall tjhxxxx man this egypt ...; tjhxxxx man this egypt ...
IslamOsman, 04 Nov 2013Very nice collection. Nice photos for Alex. I hope that I get HTC ONE soooooooooooooon.thx :); thx :)
ghada.tharwat, 21 Oct 2013i just had the phone for like a week so i have no problem at all with it,the non removable bat... morethanks allot Ghada.
 Really after comparing HTC One with GS4, LG G2, Xperia Z1. i think the One is the ONE.
 But i want to ask you, did your phone received the android 4.3 and sense 5.5 update?
 and what is your opinion about buying it from other country Such as KSA??; thanks allot Ghada.; Really after comparing HTC One with GS4, LG G2, Xperia Z1. i think the One is the ONE.; But i want to ask you, did your phone received the android 4.3 and sense 5.5 update?; and what is your opinion about buying it from other country Such as KSA??
Adeel, 03 Nov 2013I am an HTC user since 2005. HTC has always produced best quality in their devices. However, I... moreI never used htc before now. bur after comparing htc one with GS4 , Z1 , G2 and iphone5s. i think that non of them can compete the htc one.
 just waiting for a chance to by it.; I never used htc before now. bur after comparing htc one with GS4 , Z1 , G2 and iphone5s. i think that non of them can compete the htc one.; just waiting for a chance to by it.
Titanuim, 04 Nov 2013Hope u like my low light photo collection on flickr.. just to show you the Amazing UltraPixel... moreVery nice collection.
 Nice photos for Alex.
 I hope that I get HTC ONE soooooooooooooon.; Very nice collection.; Nice photos for Alex.; I hope that I get HTC ONE soooooooooooooon.
HI guys, I Bought the HTC ONE back in Spetember, i previously had the Galaxy S4, i used it for 4 months & sold it to buy the HTC..
 My GS4 used to lag alot & its cheap plastic phone with PATHETIC performance & keeps lagging like a cheap $100 phone..i made a right decision to sell it & buy HTC one..
 I just LOVE my HTC one..It is million times ahead of the GS4 in all aspects .. I previously have Owned the GS2,Note 2 & GS4 .. but no phone comes close to the HTC ONE. & its the most beautiful looking phone made till date with Premium Metal build..
 This is the "BEST PHONE" i have ever used..; HI guys, I Bought the HTC ONE back in Spetember, i previously had the Galaxy S4, i used it for 4 months & sold it to buy the HTC..; My GS4 used to lag alot & its cheap plastic phone with PATHETIC performance & keeps lagging like a cheap $100 phone..i made a right decision to sell it & buy HTC one..; I just LOVE my HTC one..It is million times ahead of the GS4 in all aspects .. I previously have Owned the GS2,Note 2 & GS4 .. but no phone comes close to the HTC ONE. & its the most beautiful looking phone made till date with Premium Metal build..; This is the "BEST PHONE" i have ever used..
if ur rooted u wont get update the guy below me else try updating from xda!!!! thats wired if u dont coz u know n4 is not like gets update depending country; if ur rooted u wont get update the guy below me else try updating from xda!!!! thats wired if u dont coz u know n4 is not like gets update depending country
Titanuim, 04 Nov 2013Hope u like my low light photo collection on flickr.. just to show you the Amazing UltraPixel... morecoooooooool man....where did this photos taken, i have seen some Arabic written on the wall; coooooooool man....where did this photos taken, i have seen some Arabic written on the wall
vijey777, 04 Nov 2013Htc one or sony xperia z1? Which is the best one? Im confuse to buy.pls help me.i was confused like you but finally I've chosen htc one and I'm really happy and Satisfied; i was confused like you but finally I've chosen htc one and I'm really happy and Satisfied
i check with internet HTC one having hardware problem (turned itself off,wont turn back on again) just 3 months its happens 2222222222 bad; i check with internet HTC one having hardware problem (turned itself off,wont turn back on again) just 3 months its happens 2222222222 bad
Hope u like my low light photo collection on flickr.. just to show you the Amazing UltraPixel Magic can do :)
 http://www.flickr.com/photos/77173783@N00/sets/72157636086615266/; Hope u like my low light photo collection on flickr.. just to show you the Amazing UltraPixel Magic can do :)
meduza , 04 Nov 2013why i have not received yet the 4.3 update!!!!! me too man.. what is your serial number and cid
 my phone serial number start with FA3 and my CID htc_j15
 middle east version :); me too man.. what is your serial number and cid; my phone serial number start with FA3 and my CID htc_j15; middle east version :)
the phone feels great..even after 5 months of use..it is smooth...the battery has steadied and for average use it gives me 24 hours...
 
 within the 5 months 2 MAJOR updates have been released and a 3rd one is being spoken about in 2 months time. 4.2 & 4.3 been updated and 4.4 (kitkat) to come soon.
 no complaints what so ever. if you have the media link, you will even enjoy it further!; the phone feels great..even after 5 months of use..it is smooth...the battery has steadied and for average use it gives me 24 hours...; within the 5 months 2 MAJOR updates have been released and a 3rd one is being spoken about in 2 months time. 4.2 & 4.3 been updated and 4.4 (kitkat) to come soon.; no complaints what so ever. if you have the media link, you will even enjoy it further!
why i have not received yet the 4.3 update!!!!!; why i have not received yet the 4.3 update!!!!!
Htc one or sony xperia z1? Which is the best one? Im confuse to buy.pls help me.; Htc one or sony xperia z1? Which is the best one? Im confuse to buy.pls help me.
htc one for life; htc one for life
Why it takes too much time to get fully charged than the others??? It takes Approximately more than 2 hours than note 3 or xperia z1... Cant understand why? Plz help guys!; Why it takes too much time to get fully charged than the others??? It takes Approximately more than 2 hours than note 3 or xperia z1... Cant understand why? Plz help guys!
nickysor, 02 Nov 2013Because most of them have 4.2.2. They have been updated. Some specific carier models could be ... moreOh thanks, unfortunately HTC and Samsung only update their big name phones, s3 mini won't be getting kit Kat, my HTC one v which was released at ice cream sandwich didn't even get one update :(; Oh thanks, unfortunately HTC and Samsung only update their big name phones, s3 mini won't be getting kit Kat, my HTC one v which was released at ice cream sandwich didn't even get one update :(
[deleted post]hey , thanks for this discount 
 
 but why such cheapest rate ? reason ( when you say it is original also )
 
 and is it available in india ?
 please reply me soon
 you can have my email address too !; hey , thanks for this discount; but why such cheapest rate ? reason ( when you say it is original also ); and is it available in india ?; please reply me soon; you can have my email address too !
I am an HTC user since 2005. HTC has always produced best quality in their devices. However, I changed my mind several times to buy other phone like iphone5s, glxyS4, Z1 or LG2. I compared all latest devices with HTC ONE but NONE of them got 1st position but just HTC ONE due to its elegance and quality. So, anyone having problem deciding which phone to buy. JUST GO AND BUY HTC ONE. JUST SIMPLE :); I am an HTC user since 2005. HTC has always produced best quality in their devices. However, I changed my mind several times to buy other phone like iphone5s, glxyS4, Z1 or LG2. I compared all latest devices with HTC ONE but NONE of them got 1st position but just HTC ONE due to its elegance and quality. So, anyone having problem deciding which phone to buy. JUST GO AND BUY HTC ONE. JUST SIMPLE :)
hey i have a prob !!.
 i have this phone for 3 months and yesterday the phone dose not charge !! the usb and the charger are fine !! the led dose not work ! ??? is this hardware prob ???thx; hey i have a prob !!.; i have this phone for 3 months and yesterday the phone dose not charge !! the usb and the charger are fine !! the led dose not work ! ??? is this hardware prob ???thx
hussami, 02 Nov 2013please somebody answer me i have htc one serial number start with FA3 so is it international v... moreif ur set is logo free than it is logo free so simple.there should not be any type of logo like sprint,at&t,verison etc.; if ur set is logo free than it is logo free so simple.there should not be any type of logo like sprint,at&t,verison etc.
vijey777, 02 Nov 2013Im from srilanka.i am going to buy htc one next week.but i am afraid to buy.cos' how can i fin... morebuy logo free set like mine.dont buy set with logo like at&t,sprint,verison etc.if ur set is logo free it means that it is international version.; buy logo free set like mine.dont buy set with logo like at&t,sprint,verison etc.if ur set is logo free it means that it is international version.
Beautiful phone, this phone should destroy all competing flagships, unfortunately for brands like HTC, kids these days go for the big names like apple and Samsung without knowing what they could have instead, and for people complaining about snapdragon ,HTC is about premium phones, not powerful phones, 800 would consume battery too fast and its not like switching from 600 to 800 would give any noticable change; Beautiful phone, this phone should destroy all competing flagships, unfortunately for brands like HTC, kids these days go for the big names like apple and Samsung without knowing what they could have instead, and for people complaining about snapdragon ,HTC is about premium phones, not powerful phones, 800 would consume battery too fast and its not like switching from 600 to 800 would give any noticable change
Im from srilanka.i am going to buy htc one next week.but i am afraid to buy.cos' how can i find the international version?how to find it?please help me guys.is there any method?; Im from srilanka.i am going to buy htc one next week.but i am afraid to buy.cos' how can i find the international version?how to find it?please help me guys.is there any method?
This phone brought fulfillment to all my needs. God Bless HTC; This phone brought fulfillment to all my needs. God Bless HTC
vijey777, 01 Nov 2013What is the first charge for htc one?initial charge?how many hours?6 hrs min; 6 hrs min
chaichi, 01 Nov 2013Why does it say upgradable to 4.2 on some phones and doesn't mention anything on others, what ... moreBecause most of them have 4.2.2. They have been updated. Some specific carier models could be delayed but as far as know htc has done a great job updating most if not all of the htc ones.
 In 3-4 months htc user will have 4.4.; Because most of them have 4.2.2. They have been updated. Some specific carier models could be delayed but as far as know htc has done a great job updating most if not all of the htc ones.; In 3-4 months htc user will have 4.4.
htc. the best.; htc. the best.
please somebody answer me i have htc one serial number start with FA3 so is it international version or what till now i didn't received the update 4.3; please somebody answer me i have htc one serial number start with FA3 so is it international version or what till now i didn't received the update 4.3
Truly an awesome device. superb built quality. very smooth UI very well integrated with Android OS. incredible speakers, and good battery life. 
 Was confused between S4 and HTC one which one to go for, but i feel i made the right decision. The ONE is truly sticks to its name.; Truly an awesome device. superb built quality. very smooth UI very well integrated with Android OS. incredible speakers, and good battery life.; Was confused between S4 and HTC one which one to go for, but i feel i made the right decision. The ONE is truly sticks to its name.
Why does it say upgradable to 4.2 on some phones and doesn't mention anything on others, what does that mean?; Why does it say upgradable to 4.2 on some phones and doesn't mention anything on others, what does that mean?
What is the first charge for htc one?initial charge?how many hours?; What is the first charge for htc one?initial charge?how many hours?
What is the initial charge for htc one?how many hours?(first charge)?; What is the initial charge for htc one?how many hours?(first charge)?
Anonymous, 31 Oct 2013hi everyone...i wanted to choose between LG G2,SAMSUNG S4 9505 and HTC ONE ... does anyone can... moreHtc One.Best in All Conditions.; Htc One.Best in All Conditions.
rdx, 01 Nov 2013better go for galaxy s4 compare to other its has lots of feature and very good camera with goo... moregalaxy s4 will hang plus will boom @.@ scary~; galaxy s4 will hang plus will boom @.@ scary~
"hello friends
 I am using htc one, and this phone is amaging features relly "I like this phone.camera,music,display quality is very good everything is fine.... ..... .... ....ludhiana,punjab,..... .....htc made in taiwan.... .... ....; "hello friends; I am using htc one, and this phone is amaging features relly "I like this phone.camera,music,display quality is very good everything is fine.... ..... .... ....ludhiana,punjab,..... .....htc made in taiwan.... .... ....
Anonymous, 31 Oct 2013hi everyone...i wanted to choose between LG G2,SAMSUNG S4 9505 and HTC ONE ... does anyone can... morebetter go for galaxy s4 compare to other its has lots of feature and very good camera with good battery life; better go for galaxy s4 compare to other its has lots of feature and very good camera with good battery life
SHANE, 31 Oct 2013Still Android 4.3 update is rumored for Samsung devices in India and not yet officially announced.galaxy s4 android 4.3 update is already out in india with samsung gear support lots of new feature's.; galaxy s4 android 4.3 update is already out in india with samsung gear support lots of new feature's.
Anonymous, 31 Oct 2013hi everyone...i wanted to choose between LG G2,SAMSUNG S4 9505 and HTC ONE ... does anyone can... moreHi,
 
 Ive checked all the Devices in the Market.. I would say HTC One is the Best.. Even it would be best than Nexus 5. Only issue is When u Shooting Pics in High Day Light.
 Its the Most Finished Premium Looking Phone in the market and its Looks better than Iphone 5s.. Its Pixel Rate is not been matched yet. One is THE BEST..; Hi,; Ive checked all the Devices in the Market.. I would say HTC One is the Best.. Even it would be best than Nexus 5. Only issue is When u Shooting Pics in High Day Light.; Its the Most Finished Premium Looking Phone in the market and its Looks better than Iphone 5s.. Its Pixel Rate is not been matched yet. One is THE BEST..
Anonymous, 31 Oct 2013hi everyone...i wanted to choose between LG G2,SAMSUNG S4 9505 and HTC ONE ... does anyone can... moreGo for LG G2...
 
 LG G2 has new touch features big screen, better battery back up, camera, raw power, back buttons...
 
 HTC One has great built quality, screen, sound, awesome UI...
 
 SGS4 has many features, air guestures raw power, expandable memory....; Go for LG G2...; LG G2 has new touch features big screen, better battery back up, camera, raw power, back buttons...; HTC One has great built quality, screen, sound, awesome UI...; SGS4 has many features, air guestures raw power, expandable memory....
prithvi zzz, 31 Oct 2013am using the htc one..its actually a owsum phone...actuallty i lost my charger and right now a... moreIts recommended to use the specific charger which manufactured for a specific phone. HTC One is an awesome phone. If you need it to be live with you, Kindly buy a charger recommended for HTC.; Its recommended to use the specific charger which manufactured for a specific phone. HTC One is an awesome phone. If you need it to be live with you, Kindly buy a charger recommended for HTC.
n gee, 29 Oct 2013is 4.3 available thoroughly ? i am in india but not updated yet Still Android 4.3 update is rumored for Samsung devices in India and not yet officially announced.; Still Android 4.3 update is rumored for Samsung devices in India and not yet officially announced.
hi everyone...i wanted to choose between LG G2,SAMSUNG S4 9505 and HTC ONE ... does anyone can help me for choosing?i wat batterylife,screen quality,good camera...thank everyone; hi everyone...i wanted to choose between LG G2,SAMSUNG S4 9505 and HTC ONE ... does anyone can help me for choosing?i wat batterylife,screen quality,good camera...thank everyone
am using the htc one..its actually a owsum phone...actuallty i lost my charger and right now am using the blackbery charger which takes days to get my mobile fully charged...is there any problem in using a diffrent charger......??????or i should buy a htc one charger.....???can sombody xplain me about this...???; am using the htc one..its actually a owsum phone...actuallty i lost my charger and right now am using the blackbery charger which takes days to get my mobile fully charged...is there any problem in using a diffrent charger......??????or i should buy a htc one charger.....???can sombody xplain me about this...???
srilankan dude, 30 Oct 2013does z1 have any prob in lagging ? will it get slow after the updates ? thankz :)even N3310 get scratches... so you need to protect your precious phone.. buying a case won't hurt your wallet; even N3310 get scratches... so you need to protect your precious phone.. buying a case won't hurt your wallet
srilankan dude, 30 Oct 2013i know htc has a wonderful screen which z1 does nt have.... but im worrying about durability..... moreNo manufacturer can guarantee their phones are perfect without defect, especially they are producing millions of phones... 
 
 After sales service also not that reliable... So, you have to take your own risk. But my HTC One has no problem at all (after 2 months using), i'm lucky...
 
 No worries about scratches... have a visit to Ebay, there are plenty of cases for protection. Even there are stickers to protect the HTC One!; No manufacturer can guarantee their phones are perfect without defect, especially they are producing millions of phones...; After sales service also not that reliable... So, you have to take your own risk. But my HTC One has no problem at all (after 2 months using), i'm lucky...; No worries about scratches... have a visit to Ebay, there are plenty of cases for protection. Even there are stickers to protect the HTC One!
srilankan dude, 30 Oct 2013does z1 have any prob in lagging ? will it get slow after the updates ? thankz :)No lag on htc one nor on z1.; No lag on htc one nor on z1.
bctan916, 30 Oct 2013All Xperia are still using TFT screen in which i think the colours are "wash out"...... morei know htc has a wonderful screen which z1 does nt have.... but im worrying about durability..... 
 htc 1 get scratches easily i guess cz of the aluminium body..im worried whether itl get lagged or slow.... or sm probs...any answer ? :) thankuu; i know htc has a wonderful screen which z1 does nt have.... but im worrying about durability.....; htc 1 get scratches easily i guess cz of the aluminium body..im worried whether itl get lagged or slow.... or sm probs...any answer ? :) thankuu
lello, 30 Oct 2013bro the z1 not bad at all and specs are better than htc but accually your will never see any i... moredoes z1 have any prob in lagging ?
 will it get slow after the updates ?
 thankz :); does z1 have any prob in lagging ?; will it get slow after the updates ?; thankz :)
srilankan dude, 29 Oct 2013so u prefering me to take htc 1 but what do u think about z1 thankzzzz alot :) :)All Xperia are still using TFT screen in which i think the colours are "wash out"... HTC One Super LCD3 screen is awesome! 
 
 Plus the 2 Boom Sound front stereo speakers... its great in watching movies, listening songs & playing games!
 
 Sense 5 also very smooth & stable. I used for 2 months & it never hang/crash! Not even once!
 
 Good job HTC!; All Xperia are still using TFT screen in which i think the colours are "wash out"... HTC One Super LCD3 screen is awesome!; Plus the 2 Boom Sound front stereo speakers... its great in watching movies, listening songs & playing games!; Sense 5 also very smooth & stable. I used for 2 months & it never hang/crash! Not even once!; Good job HTC!
srilankan dude, 29 Oct 2013so u prefering me to take htc 1 but what do u think about z1 thankzzzz alot :) :)bro the z1 not bad at all and specs are better than htc but accually your will never see any issues or lag on the htc one and sense 5 with 4.3 amazing in the z1 i don't like the software at all; bro the z1 not bad at all and specs are better than htc but accually your will never see any issues or lag on the htc one and sense 5 with 4.3 amazing in the z1 i don't like the software at all
Any News About android 4.3 update in India?; Any News About android 4.3 update in India?
lello, 29 Oct 2013Htc one better battery than z1 for sure I use this phone playing game for 7 hours per day can... moreso u prefering me to take htc 1 but what do u think about z1
 thankzzzz alot :) :); so u prefering me to take htc 1 but what do u think about z1; thankzzzz alot :) :)
Htc one better battery than z1 for sure
 I use this phone playing game for 7 hours per day can easy last a day if you din't play game the battery seriously last 2 days .... Excellent camera amazing sound; Htc one better battery than z1 for sure; I use this phone playing game for 7 hours per day can easy last a day if you din't play game the battery seriously last 2 days .... Excellent camera amazing sound
when will be an 4.3 update for unlocked international hong kong version,please?; when will be an 4.3 update for unlocked international hong kong version,please?
heyy i want to buy the best phone....is its htc one or sony xperia z one ?
 please im confused... sony z1 is good cz of its water proof ability and cam..... but does z1 has a better battery life than htc1 ?
 cz in specs it does have but ppl say tat battery life is nt gud in z1 
 plz i really need a good solution
 thankzzz; heyy i want to buy the best phone....is its htc one or sony xperia z one ?; please im confused... sony z1 is good cz of its water proof ability and cam..... but does z1 has a better battery life than htc1 ?; cz in specs it does have but ppl say tat battery life is nt gud in z1; plz i really need a good solution; thankzzz
Phone OK. Sync manager a nightmare! Locked up my computer to the point of NOT booting. Had to do full restore to factory level. DON'T buy, get galaxy s4 or Iphone!; Phone OK. Sync manager a nightmare! Locked up my computer to the point of NOT booting. Had to do full restore to factory level. DON'T buy, get galaxy s4 or Iphone!
Mohamed, 29 Oct 2013I have a question guys, when a notification plays in applications like whatsapp .. after sound... moreMan thats the ringtone playin . If its a faulty device this sound gonna be hittin all over the device; Man thats the ringtone playin . If its a faulty device this sound gonna be hittin all over the device
n gee, 29 Oct 2013hey shane , wow man , thanks a lot i downloaded this app and this is seriously fabulous thank ... moreDear N gee,
 
 If I can help, Ill surely do. Please tell. Ill try.; Dear N gee,; If I can help, Ill surely do. Please tell. Ill try.
Ro.K, 29 Oct 2013oh fabulous battery life!!. after 4.3 update my htc one battery not going orange at all!! and ... moreis 4.3 available thoroughly ? i am in india but not updated yet; is 4.3 available thoroughly ? i am in india but not updated yet
I have a question... does anyone hear hissing sound after getting a notification say from program like whatsapp where speaker gives a static noise for about a second after notification then shuts off? is that a faulty HTC one?; I have a question... does anyone hear hissing sound after getting a notification say from program like whatsapp where speaker gives a static noise for about a second after notification then shuts off? is that a faulty HTC one?
Awesome phone with great boomsound ,looks stunning when compared to other plastic made android phones; Awesome phone with great boomsound ,looks stunning when compared to other plastic made android phones
Get about a week amazing phone excellent battery life best phone 
 The one htc one; Get about a week amazing phone excellent battery life best phone; The one htc one
loking ....so awosome and like apps this devaice ....; loking ....so awosome and like apps this devaice ....
oh fabulous battery life!!. after 4.3 update my htc one battery not going orange at all!! and the smoothness and the speed have been doubled!! I love this !!!; oh fabulous battery life!!. after 4.3 update my htc one battery not going orange at all!! and the smoothness and the speed have been doubled!! I love this !!!
Shane, 27 Oct 2013Hello, "Speak to it Assistant" is an app like Apple Siri and Samsung S Voice. Tr... morehey shane , wow man , thanks a lot i downloaded this app and this is seriously fabulous thank you very much.
 it feels like this is an inbuilt feature now . :) 
 thanks .
 hey , may i ask you one more help ?; hey shane , wow man , thanks a lot i downloaded this app and this is seriously fabulous thank you very much.; it feels like this is an inbuilt feature now . :); thanks .; hey , may i ask you one more help ?
I have a question guys, when a notification plays in applications like whatsapp .. after sound you hear a static for about 1 second then speaker goes entirely off ... its as if the speaker is working for 1 second after the notification without playing anything... this is most noticable in applications like whatsapp and viper but not music player or youtube ... although it has them but faint static then goes off ... is that a faulty HTC one?; I have a question guys, when a notification plays in applications like whatsapp .. after sound you hear a static for about 1 second then speaker goes entirely off ... its as if the speaker is working for 1 second after the notification without playing anything... this is most noticable in applications like whatsapp and viper but not music player or youtube ... although it has them but faint static then goes off ... is that a faulty HTC one?
Shane, 27 Oct 2013Hello, "Speak to it Assistant" is an app like Apple Siri and Samsung S Voice. Tr... moreoh thanks a lot for helping; oh thanks a lot for helping
Check my Set of low light images taken with Htc One Unedited. this device is amazing
 http://www.flickr.com/photos/77173783@N00/sets/72157636086615266/; Check my Set of low light images taken with Htc One Unedited. this device is amazing
Vin Mok, 28 Oct 2013Do anyone facing the same problem with me? Camera with purple tint??yeah .. PERper and pin ...thing coming in low light camera situation; yeah .. PERper and pin ...thing coming in low light camera situation
vijey, 25 Oct 2013I want to buy a htc one phone.pls tel me that which version is best one.pls help me.i am afrai... moreHtc one is a better phone. Awesome speakers, aluminium, better screen, better battery etc. You could have a pink tint with the camera in low light but that can be fixed with an update or repair.; Htc one is a better phone. Awesome speakers, aluminium, better screen, better battery etc. You could have a pink tint with the camera in low light but that can be fixed with an update or repair.
Do anyone facing the same problem with me? Camera with purple tint??; Do anyone facing the same problem with me? Camera with purple tint??
Why don't you like it?; Why don't you like it?
n gee, 27 Oct 2013where to speak ? whom to sppeak ?Hello,
 
 "Speak to it Assistant" is an app like Apple Siri and Samsung S Voice. Try download it and use.; Hello,; "Speak to it Assistant" is an app like Apple Siri and Samsung S Voice. Try download it and use.
SHANE, 27 Oct 2013Try Android Speak to it Assistant.where to speak ? whom to sppeak ?; where to speak ? whom to sppeak ?
n gee, 27 Oct 2013is there a feature like apple provide siri or voice command in htc one? if yes the how it happ... moreTry Android Speak to it Assistant.; Try Android Speak to it Assistant.
mike, 27 Oct 2013thanks for the info phonehobby. hope the 4.3 will be available here in our country btw, if u... moreThe pink tint in camera persists in android 4.3 with sense 5.5 in low light.; The pink tint in camera persists in android 4.3 with sense 5.5 in low light.
mike, 26 Oct 2013Any update here in the philippines? 4.3 ui sense 5.5 so i can remove the blinkfeeds it consum... moreHey mike, i am fr the ph. Until now, there are no available software updates yet.; Hey mike, i am fr the ph. Until now, there are no available software updates yet.
is there a feature like apple provide siri or voice command in htc one? if yes the how it happen?
 
 and please tell me about 4.3 update for htc one in india; is there a feature like apple provide siri or voice command in htc one? if yes the how it happen?; and please tell me about 4.3 update for htc one in india
phonehobby, 26 Oct 2013my best phone ever amazing 4.3 update new useful lock screen widjets, zoe video waiting for ho... morethanks for the info phonehobby.
 hope the 4.3 will be available here in our country
 btw, if u dont mind, ur htc one is now under 4.3 isnt it? if have a purple/pink tint issue on the camera @ low light after upgrading it to 4.2.2 Does the 4.3 update can aide to eliminate this low light camera issue? thanks; thanks for the info phonehobby.; hope the 4.3 will be available here in our country; btw, if u dont mind, ur htc one is now under 4.3 isnt it? if have a purple/pink tint issue on the camera @ low light after upgrading it to 4.2.2 Does the 4.3 update can aide to eliminate this low light camera issue? thanks
phonehobby, 26 Oct 2013my best phone ever amazing 4.3 update new useful lock screen widjets, zoe video waiting for ho... morePlease what features shall we expect to see in the latest 4.3 update sense 5.5 and any improvement in performance and battery life?; Please what features shall we expect to see in the latest 4.3 update sense 5.5 and any improvement in performance and battery life?
Hello,
 I am using smartphone since qteck,imate and HTC was launched.
 Now HTC one LTE which I am using is one of the best I ever had. 
 It's quick in performance with q 1.7 hz and 2gb 
 It's fast internet on 4g 
 It's wifi coverage with g,n,ac
 It's boom beats stereo sound 
 It supports miracast with lg for screen sharing on led tv
 It's battery life which give average of 30 hours 
 It's camera is not so great on day but features and night shots are amazing .
 The latest update which is 4.3 with sense 5.5 is more user friendly.
 It's aluminum body and thin design gives us a professional touch
 It's difficult to find covers in local market but you can find cheap and best one in ebay; Hello,; I am using smartphone since qteck,imate and HTC was launched.; Now HTC one LTE which I am using is one of the best I ever had.; It's quick in performance with q 1.7 hz and 2gb; It's fast internet on 4g; It's wifi coverage with g,n,ac; It's boom beats stereo sound; It supports miracast with lg for screen sharing on led tv; It's battery life which give average of 30 hours; It's camera is not so great on day but features and night shots are amazing .; The latest update which is 4.3 with sense 5.5 is more user friendly.; It's aluminum body and thin design gives us a professional touch; It's difficult to find covers in local market but you can find cheap and best one in ebay
mike, 26 Oct 2013Any update here in the philippines? 4.3 ui sense 5.5 so i can remove the blinkfeeds it consum... moremy best phone ever amazing 4.3 update new useful lock screen widjets, zoe video waiting for horizontal kitkat 4.4 mr. mike if you have 4.3 update you could disable blinkfeed simply by pinching the home screen you would see at the top left corner blinkfeed on/off; my best phone ever amazing 4.3 update new useful lock screen widjets, zoe video waiting for horizontal kitkat 4.4 mr. mike if you have 4.3 update you could disable blinkfeed simply by pinching the home screen you would see at the top left corner blinkfeed on/off
Any update here in the philippines?
 4.3 ui sense 5.5 so i can remove the blinkfeeds it consume a lot of ram and files. Thanks htc; Any update here in the philippines?; 4.3 ui sense 5.5 so i can remove the blinkfeeds it consume a lot of ram and files. Thanks htc
muhammad, 26 Oct 2013why camera is only 4 megapixel 4 megapixel is like 8 pixel; 4 megapixel is like 8 pixel
bctan916, 25 Oct 2013Nice photos & thanks for sharing... Are they all really taken by HTC One? Yes ! You can check urself the exif data. On flickr it allows u to check camera maker and all details; Yes ! You can check urself the exif data. On flickr it allows u to check camera maker and all details
sg, 26 Oct 2013Beautiful..Thxxxxx; Thxxxxx
Techno J., 26 Oct 2013I bought HTC One 4g LTE four months ago at Dialcom, Colombo. There are many versions of HTC On... moreThank u very much.pls send ur contact number to following e-mail id.i need some information abt htc one.pls.
 mark_vijay@hotmail.com; Thank u very much.pls send ur contact number to following e-mail id.i need some information abt htc one.pls.; mark_vijay@hotmail.com
why camera is only 4 megapixel; why camera is only 4 megapixel
Titanuim, 25 Oct 2013This is my Set of Htc one photos on flickr Hope u like it i wish It shows the powers of the... moreBeautiful..; Beautiful..
vijey777, 26 Oct 2013i need your help.im going to buy a htc one phone.im in srilanka.but i dont know which version ... moreI bought HTC One 4g LTE four months ago at Dialcom, Colombo. There are many versions of HTC One such as One 3g, One 4g, one mini and One dual-SIM. But I think 4g is the best, because it supports to high speed 4g mobile connection. If you buy a phone, go to the Dialcom only, their service is the best in Sri Lanka. No any other shops provide you such a good service. I think price of the HTC One 4g is LKR 95000.; I bought HTC One 4g LTE four months ago at Dialcom, Colombo. There are many versions of HTC One such as One 3g, One 4g, one mini and One dual-SIM. But I think 4g is the best, because it supports to high speed 4g mobile connection. If you buy a phone, go to the Dialcom only, their service is the best in Sri Lanka. No any other shops provide you such a good service. I think price of the HTC One 4g is LKR 95000.
i need your help.im going to buy a htc one phone.im in srilanka.but i dont know which version is best one?my frds are said that there are lots of versions available.this is my 1st htc phone.is that better than sony z?i need a best phone.pls help me.sony z or htc one?if htc one,which version is best one.pls reply me as soon as possible.thank u.; i need your help.im going to buy a htc one phone.im in srilanka.but i dont know which version is best one?my frds are said that there are lots of versions available.this is my 1st htc phone.is that better than sony z?i need a best phone.pls help me.sony z or htc one?if htc one,which version is best one.pls reply me as soon as possible.thank u.
I want to buy a htc one phone.pls tel me that which version is best one.pls help me.i am afraid to buy.this is first time i am going to use a htc phone.is that better than xperia z?also which version is best?help me.pls..; I want to buy a htc one phone.pls tel me that which version is best one.pls help me.i am afraid to buy.this is first time i am going to use a htc phone.is that better than xperia z?also which version is best?help me.pls..
Which version is best?how to find out the version?is that mention on box or phone?pls help me.; Which version is best?how to find out the version?is that mention on box or phone?pls help me.
Which version is best?how to find out the version?is that mention on box or phone?pls help me.; Which version is best?how to find out the version?is that mention on box or phone?pls help me.
I want to buy a htc one phone.pls tel me that which version is best one.pls help me.i am afraid to buy.this is first time i am going to use a htc phone.is that better than xperia z?also which version is best?help me.pls..; I want to buy a htc one phone.pls tel me that which version is best one.pls help me.i am afraid to buy.this is first time i am going to use a htc phone.is that better than xperia z?also which version is best?help me.pls..
nelly, 25 Oct 2013no update in Pakistan..!!! international version i have...!!!!! when will be the update appear?? :(Still waiting for 4.3 in karachi pakistan; Still waiting for 4.3 in karachi pakistan
azfar, 25 Oct 2013It does gets loudet but slightly on turning beats off .it is normal that front speakers. are a... moreI don't know about S4 but to me, HTC One speakers, when Beat Audio is off & volume is maximum, they are loud & clear... Better than other smartphones..; I don't know about S4 but to me, HTC One speakers, when Beat Audio is off & volume is maximum, they are loud & clear... Better than other smartphones..
pogz112, 25 Oct 2013goto settings/apps/downloaded then search and select Updater then click "force stop"... moreAfter the "force stop", so far the notification is not popping up anymore...
 
 Thanks for the help! Appreciate it...; After the "force stop", so far the notification is not popping up anymore...; Thanks for the help! Appreciate it...
Titanuim, 25 Oct 2013This is my Set of Htc one photos on flickr Hope u like it i wish It shows the powers of the... moreNice photos & thanks for sharing...
 
 Are they all really taken by HTC One?; Nice photos & thanks for sharing...; Are they all really taken by HTC One?
Only 4 Mp camera????????????
 !!!!!; Only 4 Mp camera????????????; !!!!!
bctan916, 24 Oct 2013Turn off Beats Audio or any equalizer will make the sound much louder.. try it..It does gets loudet but slightly on turning beats off .it is normal that front speakers. are as loud as galaxy s4; It does gets loudet but slightly on turning beats off .it is normal that front speakers. are as loud as galaxy s4
Can some one post the link for downloading 4.3 and htc sense 5.5 image????; Can some one post the link for downloading 4.3 and htc sense 5.5 image????
no update in Pakistan..!!! international version i have...!!!!! when will be the update appear?? :(; no update in Pakistan..!!! international version i have...!!!!! when will be the update appear?? :(
This is my Set of Htc one photos on flickr
 Hope u like it i wish It shows the powers of the One
 http://www.flickr.com/photos/77173783@N00/sets/72157636086615266/with/9923099823/; This is my Set of Htc one photos on flickr; Hope u like it i wish It shows the powers of the One
bctan916, 23 Oct 2013Hi guys, Is there any way to disable the android system update notification? It's very anno... moregoto settings/apps/downloaded then search and select Updater then click "force stop"... that's it!..; goto settings/apps/downloaded then search and select Updater then click "force stop"... that's it!..
Downloaded and installed 4.3 and HTC Sense 5.5 before real update i have small update to prepare. 3.62.401.1 Software number. Im from Bosnia and Herzegovina.; Downloaded and installed 4.3 and HTC Sense 5.5 before real update i have small update to prepare. 3.62.401.1 Software number. Im from Bosnia and Herzegovina.
i dont like the camara!; i dont like the camara!
Lukas, 24 Oct 2013am i the only one who can;t update to 4.3no i m with u desperately waiting for 4.3; no i m with u desperately waiting for 4.3
4.3 international coming sense 5.5 wowwwww; 4.3 international coming sense 5.5 wowwwww
Downloading just now update 4.3, Sense 5.5 in Serbia :-); Downloading just now update 4.3, Sense 5.5 in Serbia :-)
TheROCK., 24 Oct 2013How about it's gaming performence specially in big games like [MC4, Real Racing 3, Asphalt 7 n... moreIt plays every game I throw at it flawlessly. Not once has my One felt like it was lagging in the least bit, even with a graphically intense game such as Dead Trigger 2 (which is awesome BTW) or anything from the Modern Combat series. The camera takes great low light pictures especially when you use the flash and since the 4.3 update I haven't had any problems with my pictures having purple spots as some people had. Once you see the beautiful, sharp, color accurate screen I'm sure you'll be in love with the One. And unlike amoled, the screen is easily visible in direct sunlight. And last but certainly not least, the front facing Boomsound speakers are louder than any other phone. You really can't go wrong with the HTC One. It looks great, sounds great, and is fast as heck.; It plays every game I throw at it flawlessly. Not once has my One felt like it was lagging in the least bit, even with a graphically intense game such as Dead Trigger 2 (which is awesome BTW) or anything from the Modern Combat series. The camera takes great low light pictures especially when you use the flash and since the 4.3 update I haven't had any problems with my pictures having purple spots as some people had. Once you see the beautiful, sharp, color accurate screen I'm sure you'll be in love with the One. And unlike amoled, the screen is easily visible in direct sunlight. And last but certainly not least, the front facing Boomsound speakers are louder than any other phone. You really can't go wrong with the HTC One. It looks great, sounds great, and is fast as heck.
Just now i received the 4.3 here in Tbilisi Georgia. &#128512; Thanks&#128512;; Just now i received the 4.3 here in Tbilisi Georgia. &#128512; Thanks&#128512;
How about it's gaming performence specially in big games like [MC4, Real Racing 3, Asphalt 7 n 8 etc ] and low light (night) camera performence. Please tell me clearly and details. Thanks in advance; How about it's gaming performence specially in big games like [MC4, Real Racing 3, Asphalt 7 n 8 etc ] and low light (night) camera performence. Please tell me clearly and details. Thanks in advance
am i the only one who can;t update to 4.3; am i the only one who can;t update to 4.3
Please any one guide me about its battery timing? i have heard that ots not good enough as compare to s4; Please any one guide me about its battery timing? i have heard that ots not good enough as compare to s4
if anyone wants tounlock bootloader of htc one visit here :P
 http://techglen.com/2013/10/23/how-to-unlock-bootloader-on-htc-one/; if anyone wants tounlock bootloader of htc one visit here :P
Anonymous, 22 Oct 2013What about the camera???Why only 4MP when the other companies like Samsung/Nokia is exploring ... moreExplore your knowledge first and then come here to comment. HTC best phone in the world; Explore your knowledge first and then come here to comment. HTC best phone in the world
azfar, 23 Oct 2013My htc one dual front speakers are only slightly louder than Nokia lumia 520. Is it ok or is t... moreTurn off Beats Audio or any equalizer will make the sound much louder.. try it..; Turn off Beats Audio or any equalizer will make the sound much louder.. try it..
Hi Krish here...
 Please go ahead with the HTC one..
 
 S4 is waste of money..
 Its plastic crap..
 
 Just hold both the mobiles and feel the royalty..
 
 Compare to S4 htc one not that much heated device..
 
 Sure u ll buy htc one :)
 
 Thanks; Hi Krish here...; Please go ahead with the HTC one..; S4 is waste of money..; Its plastic crap..; Just hold both the mobiles and feel the royalty..; Compare to S4 htc one not that much heated device..; Sure u ll buy htc one :); Thanks
ghada, 18 Oct 2013i bought htc one 5 days ago,i have to say i'm pretty impressed with everything about this phon... moreyou bought it for 725 dollers.i got it for 800 dollers because i knew that it is the best smart phone right now; you bought it for 725 dollers.i got it for 800 dollers because i knew that it is the best smart phone right now
issac, 19 Oct 2013My country Malaysia still cannnot update 4.3 yet.same situation here i m still waiting for android 4.3 in pakistan; same situation here i m still waiting for android 4.3 in pakistan
My htc one dual front speakers are only slightly louder than Nokia lumia 520. Is it ok or is there any problem.; My htc one dual front speakers are only slightly louder than Nokia lumia 520. Is it ok or is there any problem.
Anonymous, 22 Oct 2013What about the camera???Why only 4MP when the other companies like Samsung/Nokia is exploring ... moreIts not 4mp it is 4ultra puxels; Its not 4mp it is 4ultra puxels
Hi guys,
 
 Is there any way to disable the android system update notification? It's very annoying..
 
 I'm happy with android 4.1 running smoothly without problem now. If possible, i want to maintain it..; Hi guys,; Is there any way to disable the android system update notification? It's very annoying..; I'm happy with android 4.1 running smoothly without problem now. If possible, i want to maintain it..
i bought my htc one last june. camera was great! thumbs up but after a few months when the v4.2.2 was released here in the philippines i updated my htc one software to 4.2.2 then i noticed each time i used my phone on a low light environment there is a pink/purple tint issue on it. how the 4.3 kitkat will eliminate this kind of issue... =); i bought my htc one last june. camera was great! thumbs up but after a few months when the v4.2.2 was released here in the philippines i updated my htc one software to 4.2.2 then i noticed each time i used my phone on a low light environment there is a pink/purple tint issue on it. how the 4.3 kitkat will eliminate this kind of issue... =)
does it support emoji with the new sense updates?; does it support emoji with the new sense updates?
The one; The one
Hi.. I just read the news about htc one android upgrade to 4.3.. i was using galaxy s3.. my question z, if i buy htc one after a month or two will i get the same version of android 4.2 or updated version ie 4.3? 
 Thanks! Sam.; Hi.. I just read the news about htc one android upgrade to 4.3.. i was using galaxy s3.. my question z, if i buy htc one after a month or two will i get the same version of android 4.2 or updated version ie 4.3?; Thanks! Sam.
So many asking about camera why 4mp.. Any many of us non stop explaining about it..
 
 Its like never ending story..; So many asking about camera why 4mp.. Any many of us non stop explaining about it..; Its like never ending story..
Yeah i agree that IPhone 5S,Note 3, G2 and Xperia Z1 the best phones in the market right now to be honest,but HTC one still attract me even more than latest super phone.; Yeah i agree that IPhone 5S,Note 3, G2 and Xperia Z1 the best phones in the market right now to be honest,but HTC one still attract me even more than latest super phone.
What about the camera???Why only 4MP when the other companies like Samsung/Nokia is exploring their cameras!; What about the camera???Why only 4MP when the other companies like Samsung/Nokia is exploring their cameras!
ghada.tharwat, 21 Oct 2013i don't really see what's special about iphone 5s rather than this finger print sensation and ... moreIPhone 5s is nothing but everything that is needed in a smartphone. last week I played with it almost for 5 days at istore. although I'm using HTC One best phone for 2013. But iPhone 5s it brings tears of joy especially gold one and what is happening inside it. Android has a long run to catch up with the mighty iphone.; IPhone 5s is nothing but everything that is needed in a smartphone. last week I played with it almost for 5 days at istore. although I'm using HTC One best phone for 2013. But iPhone 5s it brings tears of joy especially gold one and what is happening inside it. Android has a long run to catch up with the mighty iphone.
Techno J., 21 Oct 2013Actually iPhone 5s is not even suitable for compare with the HTC One.i don't really see what's special about iphone 5s rather than this finger print sensation and a better processor than iphone 5; i don't really see what's special about iphone 5s rather than this finger print sensation and a better processor than iphone 5
IslamOsman, 21 Oct 2013thanks allot for your replay. And if you don't mind can i ask you another question. Did you ... morei just had the phone for like a week so i have no problem at all with it,the non removable battery made me worry at first but i was either going to get an iphone 5 or htc one and they both have non removable batteries so it wasn't really an issue. about the memory , i think 32 gb is more than enough for me,but there is htc butterfly s just like htc one but plastic and with expandable memory you should check it out if you need more memory space.i'm not sure whether it's out in egypt or not. you're welcome =); i just had the phone for like a week so i have no problem at all with it,the non removable battery made me worry at first but i was either going to get an iphone 5 or htc one and they both have non removable batteries so it wasn't really an issue. about the memory , i think 32 gb is more than enough for me,but there is htc butterfly s just like htc one but plastic and with expandable memory you should check it out if you need more memory space.i'm not sure whether it's out in egypt or not. you're welcome =)
mrwinlwinthant, 21 Oct 2013how can i control battery life? While i using the mobile date network, the battery life is qui... moreTry disable some app that are not useful to u.
 Always sign out any app ex.Facebook.Wechat.
 Disable google now,maps,chrome.; Try disable some app that are not useful to u.; Always sign out any app ex.Facebook.Wechat.; Disable google now,maps,chrome.
ghada.tharwat, 21 Oct 2013well it's a bit expensive in Egypt but i think its totally worth it ,as for the accessories yo... morethanks allot for your replay.
 And if you don't mind can i ask you another question.
 Did you fin the non removable battery and non expandable memory a kind of disadvantage in HTC One?
 Or did you find other disadvantages in it?
 Thank you again for your attention.; thanks allot for your replay.; And if you don't mind can i ask you another question.; Did you fin the non removable battery and non expandable memory a kind of disadvantage in HTC One?; Or did you find other disadvantages in it?; Thank you again for your attention.
how can i control battery life? While i using the mobile date network, the battery life is quickly drain. Battery life is so short that i can't use the mobile data network now. How can i solve this problem?; how can i control battery life? While i using the mobile date network, the battery life is quickly drain. Battery life is so short that i can't use the mobile data network now. How can i solve this problem?
west, 20 Oct 2013I have researching the HTC One for the past 6 months and I finally got it and more relaxed and... moreI totally agree,been researching on the phone for the past month,compared it with S4 and i must really say that i am impressed about it and would not change it for the world.....; I totally agree,been researching on the phone for the past month,compared it with S4 and i must really say that i am impressed about it and would not change it for the world.....
ghada.tharwat, 21 Oct 2013just a question, in what way do u think the iphone 5s even stands a chance next to htc one? Actually iPhone 5s is not even suitable for compare with the HTC One.; Actually iPhone 5s is not even suitable for compare with the HTC One.
IslamOsman, 20 Oct 2013I think i am going to buy this phone also. but i think it's a little expensive. and i worry ab... morewell it's a bit expensive in Egypt but i think its totally worth it ,as for the accessories you can always find them at the htc branch infront of city stars.; well it's a bit expensive in Egypt but i think its totally worth it ,as for the accessories you can always find them at the htc branch infront of city stars.
west, 20 Oct 2013I have researching the HTC One for the past 6 months and I finally got it and more relaxed and... morejust a question, in what way do u think the iphone 5s even stands a chance next to htc one?; just a question, in what way do u think the iphone 5s even stands a chance next to htc one?
ghada, 18 Oct 2013i bought htc one 5 days ago,i have to say i'm pretty impressed with everything about this phon... moreI think i am going to buy this phone also. but i think it's a little expensive. and i worry about availability of accessories in Egypt.; I think i am going to buy this phone also. but i think it's a little expensive. and i worry about availability of accessories in Egypt.
Nabil, 20 Oct 2013I am looking to buy either Iphone 5 or HTC one. I am looking for a high resolution screen, goo... moreIf display, battery & sound are what you are asking for... go for HTC One!
 
 Screen - Super LCD3 with 469 ppi is amazing
 Battery - 2300mAh compared to iphone 5S 1560mAh
 Sound - No other smartphone can beat HTC One
 
 Watching videos, listening music, playing games... even with ring or message tones... HTC one will make you feel - "wow"! Trust me...; If display, battery & sound are what you are asking for... go for HTC One!; Screen - Super LCD3 with 469 ppi is amazing; Battery - 2300mAh compared to iphone 5S 1560mAh; Sound - No other smartphone can beat HTC One; Watching videos, listening music, playing games... even with ring or message tones... HTC one will make you feel - "wow"! Trust me...
Nabil, 20 Oct 2013I am looking to buy either Iphone 5 or HTC one. I am looking for a high resolution screen, goo... moreNo doubt! HTC one!
 Battery on iphone 5 hardly last a day on an average use..and boring UI
 its not worth it..; No doubt! HTC one!; Battery on iphone 5 hardly last a day on an average use..and boring UI; its not worth it..
I am looking to buy either Iphone 5 or HTC one. I am looking for a high resolution screen, good battery life and good speaker sound. Any suggestions guys ?; I am looking to buy either Iphone 5 or HTC one. I am looking for a high resolution screen, good battery life and good speaker sound. Any suggestions guys ?
I have researching the HTC One for the past 6 months and I finally got it and more relaxed and more happy in all ways. The only cellphone now that can beat the HTC one is the new Iphone 5s. Other than that I see HTC ONE BEATS samsung for sure.
 
 Very Happy all the way HTC One; I have researching the HTC One for the past 6 months and I finally got it and more relaxed and more happy in all ways. The only cellphone now that can beat the HTC one is the new Iphone 5s. Other than that I see HTC ONE BEATS samsung for sure.; Very Happy all the way HTC One
bctan916, 20 Oct 2013Guys, turn off wifi, bluetooth whenever they are not in use... Dun put too many widgets on you... moreAnd remove the blinkfeed feature from the home screen. I don't find it's a very useful feature. Although, it's leads to drain the battery life.; And remove the blinkfeed feature from the home screen. I don't find it's a very useful feature. Although, it's leads to drain the battery life.
Guys, turn off wifi, bluetooth whenever they are not in use... Dun put too many widgets on your home screens, put only those are really useful & important.. these will extend the battery use..; Guys, turn off wifi, bluetooth whenever they are not in use... Dun put too many widgets on your home screens, put only those are really useful & important.. these will extend the battery use..
Harry, 19 Oct 2013No htc one is bigger than a normal 4.7 inch screen phone.It is just not because of the dual sp... moreYou're right, the htc one does have bigger bezels, and the dual-front speakers, kinda wish they could thin out the bezels on the side, so the phone could be 4.8/4.9 inches; You're right, the htc one does have bigger bezels, and the dual-front speakers, kinda wish they could thin out the bezels on the side, so the phone could be 4.8/4.9 inches
I used this phone 4 months my opinions , Battery fast draining in 3g mode, in lowlight camera suffers a pink tint issue ,so go for note 3 in all ways its a brillant phone; I used this phone 4 months my opinions , Battery fast draining in 3g mode, in lowlight camera suffers a pink tint issue ,so go for note 3 in all ways its a brillant phone
VLTC, 18 Oct 2013Note 3 is a great phone, but if you want a phone that fits better in the pocket, better displa... moreNo htc one is bigger than a normal 4.7 inch screen phone.It is just not because of the dual speakers.The elongated design of htc one with more bezel area made it bigger than normal.Some of the other htc phones including htc one s even without dual speakers was larger with 131mm length that is more than a normal 4.3 inch screen phone which should be from 124 to 128mm length.Nexus 5 with 5 inch screen and 131mm length is very small than htc one which is more than 137mm but only 4.7 inch screen.; No htc one is bigger than a normal 4.7 inch screen phone.It is just not because of the dual speakers.The elongated design of htc one with more bezel area made it bigger than normal.Some of the other htc phones including htc one s even without dual speakers was larger with 131mm length that is more than a normal 4.3 inch screen phone which should be from 124 to 128mm length.Nexus 5 with 5 inch screen and 131mm length is very small than htc one which is more than 137mm but only 4.7 inch screen.
I think HTC one will beat Sony Z1 and Samsung Galaxy S4 before the next flagship is announced.
 
 Reasoning:
 
 FM Radio
 Build Quality
 Beats Audio enchantment.
 
 
 Meanwhile, enjoy your plastic $5 toys Sammy fanboys!; I think HTC one will beat Sony Z1 and Samsung Galaxy S4 before the next flagship is announced.; Reasoning:; FM Radio; Build Quality; Beats Audio enchantment.; Meanwhile, enjoy your plastic $5 toys Sammy fanboys!
My country Malaysia still cannnot update 4.3 yet.; My country Malaysia still cannnot update 4.3 yet.
Why you should buy the white (silver) version over the black version:
 -Silver looks more premium
 -Silver feels more premium (due to the brushed metal aluminum body, as apposed to the painted-over black body)
 -doesn't scratch as easily; Why you should buy the white (silver) version over the black version:; -Silver looks more premium; -Silver feels more premium (due to the brushed metal aluminum body, as apposed to the painted-over black body); -doesn't scratch as easily
krish.., 18 Oct 2013I want to buy a new mobile .please tell which one is best mobile note 3 or htc one.. ..Note 3 is a great phone, but if you want a phone that fits better in the pocket, better display, and amazing crystal-clear speakers for movies, YouTube, and TV shows, the HTC One is the one for you. Although, if you want more screen size and more custimization, go with the Note 3!; Note 3 is a great phone, but if you want a phone that fits better in the pocket, better display, and amazing crystal-clear speakers for movies, YouTube, and TV shows, the HTC One is the one for you. Although, if you want more screen size and more custimization, go with the Note 3!
aamir, 18 Oct 2013good phone.4 mp is equal to 13 mo.its ultra pixal That's true, UltraPixel takes in much more light, so its more equal to an 8MP camera, but still really good!; That's true, UltraPixel takes in much more light, so its more equal to an 8MP camera, but still really good!
HTC One is the best smartphone of 2013 for a reason!; HTC One is the best smartphone of 2013 for a reason!
HTC One is the best smartphone on the market, reasons why:
 -premium look, and feel
 -strong alminum body
 -(white version) is resistant to scratches
 -fast and snappy OS (4.2 jelly bean out of the box, but can be updated to 4.3)
 -469 ppi, resolution 1920x1080p HD
 (Amazing screen display, with sharp and rich colours)
 -4 UltraPixel camera, not the best camera in bright-light, but outstanding low-light performance
 -750,000+ apps on play store
 -Boomsound speakers produce best sound on a smartphone
 -Beats Audio*
 -decent keyboard
 Overall, the HTC One is a great phone, and definetly lives up to its high standards!; HTC One is the best smartphone on the market, reasons why:; -premium look, and feel; -strong alminum body; -(white version) is resistant to scratches; -fast and snappy OS (4.2 jelly bean out of the box, but can be updated to 4.3); -469 ppi, resolution 1920x1080p HD; (Amazing screen display, with sharp and rich colours); -4 UltraPixel camera, not the best camera in bright-light, but outstanding low-light performance; -750,000+ apps on play store; -Boomsound speakers produce best sound on a smartphone; -Beats Audio*; -decent keyboard; Overall, the HTC One is a great phone, and definetly lives up to its high standards!
good phone.4 mp is equal to 13 mo.its ultra pixal; good phone.4 mp is equal to 13 mo.its ultra pixal
i bought htc one 5 days ago,i have to say i'm pretty impressed with everything about this phone. battery is great lasted a day and a half with gaming ,video watching,wifi and other stuff. camera is pretty great i now understand what ultra pixels meant ;) ,this zoe thing is cool.display is awesome!really fast no lag at all and ofcourse the speakers are tooooo amazing that i never had to turn the volume up more than medium.i wasn't that sure of my decision when i bought it as its worth 725$ here in egypt but now im really proud of my choice..no regrets at all.. perfect phone ,i definitely recommend it!; i bought htc one 5 days ago,i have to say i'm pretty impressed with everything about this phone. battery is great lasted a day and a half with gaming ,video watching,wifi and other stuff. camera is pretty great i now understand what ultra pixels meant ;) ,this zoe thing is cool.display is awesome!really fast no lag at all and ofcourse the speakers are tooooo amazing that i never had to turn the volume up more than medium.i wasn't that sure of my decision when i bought it as its worth 725$ here in egypt but now im really proud of my choice..no regrets at all.. perfect phone ,i definitely recommend it!
HTC One is great..
 
 1) Screen-Great display, natural colours
 2) Sound-Amazing, loud & clear, top quality
 3) UI-Smooth & stable
 4) Design-Nice & premium feel
 
 Only
 
 1)Camera-Friendly software but outcome quality only average especially zoom in
 2) Battery-Heavy user might not last for 1 whole day; HTC One is great..; 1) Screen-Great display, natural colours; 2) Sound-Amazing, loud & clear, top quality; 3) UI-Smooth & stable; 4) Design-Nice & premium feel; Only; 1)Camera-Friendly software but outcome quality only average especially zoom in; 2) Battery-Heavy user might not last for 1 whole day
Burglou, 15 Oct 2013I just love my ONE , battery 2 to 3 days with brightness full , never lags and camera superb. ... moreBattery 2-3 days?? Hmm I dunno about that one. Battery lasts 5 hours on full brightness and heavy use (sometimes less)...; Battery 2-3 days?? Hmm I dunno about that one. Battery lasts 5 hours on full brightness and heavy use (sometimes less)...
HTC One is really awesome. What I like about this phone is its super-stylish design, also camera and its related software add-ons. Great phone ever...; HTC One is really awesome. What I like about this phone is its super-stylish design, also camera and its related software add-ons. Great phone ever...
I want to buy a new mobile .please tell which one is best mobile note 3 or htc one..
 ..; I want to buy a new mobile .please tell which one is best mobile note 3 or htc one..; ..
CHIKA, 17 Oct 2013plz d camera 4mp dont tink itz ok...... plz any body wiv gud testemony shld say Camera is very good... if they have not mentioned it as 4ultra pixels, you will not notice a big difference between the other competitive handsets. i have used phones with 8mp and 13mp but the numbers are like just for marketing purpose, the real quality lies how they have done the lense and software for it to give you that quality. this is a solid phone from HTC and this is by far the best i have used from HTC. Dont just read reviews, go to a store and check it out by yourself and see if it satisfies you.; Camera is very good... if they have not mentioned it as 4ultra pixels, you will not notice a big difference between the other competitive handsets. i have used phones with 8mp and 13mp but the numbers are like just for marketing purpose, the real quality lies how they have done the lense and software for it to give you that quality. this is a solid phone from HTC and this is by far the best i have used from HTC. Dont just read reviews, go to a store and check it out by yourself and see if it satisfies you.
Do you guys know when 4.3 update is coming to europe?; Do you guys know when 4.3 update is coming to europe?
Burglou, 15 Oct 2013I just love my ONE , battery 2 to 3 days with brightness full , never lags and camera superb. ... moreSeriously?2-3days with full brightness?mine set at 30% brightness only last a day & 1/2 max...although I'm using it quite heavily..; Seriously?2-3days with full brightness?mine set at 30% brightness only last a day & 1/2 max...although I'm using it quite heavily..
CHIKA, 17 Oct 2013plz d camera 4mp dont tink itz ok...... plz any body wiv gud testemony shld say but its ultra pixel. more than other smart phones; but its ultra pixel. more than other smart phones
plz d camera 4mp dont tink itz ok...... plz any body wiv gud testemony shld say; plz d camera 4mp dont tink itz ok...... plz any body wiv gud testemony shld say
Some review says The pink tint issue still remaining after the 4.3update, its a hardware problem so replace your device from htc stores; Some review says The pink tint issue still remaining after the 4.3update, its a hardware problem so replace your device from htc stores
only december ah.... its too bad.. i think next month 4.4 release na?; only december ah.... its too bad.. i think next month 4.4 release na?
kk, 15 Oct 20134 mp camera? 4mp sensor using some clever tech that lets in 300 times more light each pixel boosting camera quality to an amazing resolution; 4mp sensor using some clever tech that lets in 300 times more light each pixel boosting camera quality to an amazing resolution
I like it because it never lags and its fast as well. Battery life is also fantastic. So far the best phone I ever had.; I like it because it never lags and its fast as well. Battery life is also fantastic. So far the best phone I ever had.
4.3 update will come to India by end of December. Some users after 4.3 update found that the camera issue still remains though less noise or pink tint. So HTC is working on new fix and expected date of release will be end of the year. Got the information from a Sr executive from HTC.; 4.3 update will come to India by end of December. Some users after 4.3 update found that the camera issue still remains though less noise or pink tint. So HTC is working on new fix and expected date of release will be end of the year. Got the information from a Sr executive from HTC.
4 mp camera?; 4 mp camera?
htc one is one of the best ones that you can find; htc one is one of the best ones that you can find
I just love my ONE , battery 2 to 3 days with brightness full , never lags and camera superb. The best phone I ever owned.; I just love my ONE , battery 2 to 3 days with brightness full , never lags and camera superb. The best phone I ever owned.
Damien, 14 Oct 2013About 25GB available for user.yes u never get full memory specially specially on android devices .android os is very huge.; yes u never get full memory specially specially on android devices .android os is very huge.
vipin mpk, 14 Oct 2013great battery life in htc oneAbout 25GB available for user.; About 25GB available for user.
an innovative camera which will attract every teenager; an innovative camera which will attract every teenager
great battery life in htc one; great battery life in htc one
i want to know what is the available internal space for the user; i want to know what is the available internal space for the user
the camera is 4mp,how and its the latest phone,it shud read 20.1 mp like the sony xperia z1....disappointing,i could have gotten a better one like htc x1; the camera is 4mp,how and its the latest phone,it shud read 20.1 mp like the sony xperia z1....disappointing,i could have gotten a better one like htc x1
distress lady, 13 Oct 2013I'm more inclined towards the pro's helping out than going back. I had to travel outside where... moreIf you are owning a HTC One with Sense 5 (same as mine), then you should have all the features like blinkfeed, zoe etc.. Really can't figure out why you don't.. 
 
 Some of the HTC One come with android 4.1.2 but some come with 4.2.2 (newer) but that is only different version of android system & it won't cause the problem that you are facing now..
 
 You need to look for expert who knows android system very well to assist you, especially those who knows HTC One very well..; If you are owning a HTC One with Sense 5 (same as mine), then you should have all the features like blinkfeed, zoe etc.. Really can't figure out why you don't..; Some of the HTC One come with android 4.1.2 but some come with 4.2.2 (newer) but that is only different version of android system & it won't cause the problem that you are facing now..; You need to look for expert who knows android system very well to assist you, especially those who knows HTC One very well..
Best 2013 gadget wow l now more love my phone; Best 2013 gadget wow l now more love my phone
bctan916, 13 Oct 2013That means your HTC One is not a fake one.. Maybe just like commented by the rest of our frien... moreI'm more inclined towards the pro's helping out than going back. I had to travel outside where I live to buy, it wasn't easy coming by it. After all the bustling and hustling I had to go through to get it and now this. Hmm!! this is Ghana my motherland once u pay for something even if u r right there in the shop and something happens it's the buyer who loose out. Though I wouldn't mind losing more than half of what I paid for just to get the real thing. So tell me, who are the pros? At this point I would do any and every thing; I'm more inclined towards the pro's helping out than going back. I had to travel outside where I live to buy, it wasn't easy coming by it. After all the bustling and hustling I had to go through to get it and now this. Hmm!! this is Ghana my motherland once u pay for something even if u r right there in the shop and something happens it's the buyer who loose out. Though I wouldn't mind losing more than half of what I paid for just to get the real thing. So tell me, who are the pros? At this point I would do any and every thing
bctan916, 13 Oct 2013That means your HTC One is not a fake one.. Maybe just like commented by the rest of our frien... moreI'm more inclined towards the pro's helping out than going back. I had to travel outside where I live to buy, it wasn't easy coming by it. After all the bustling and hustling I had to go through to get it and now this. Hmm!! this is Ghana my motherland once u pay for something even if u r right there in the shop and something happens it's the buyer who loose out. Though I wouldn't mind losing more than half of what I paid for just to get the real thing. So tell me, who are the pros? At this point I would do any and every thing; I'm more inclined towards the pro's helping out than going back. I had to travel outside where I live to buy, it wasn't easy coming by it. After all the bustling and hustling I had to go through to get it and now this. Hmm!! this is Ghana my motherland once u pay for something even if u r right there in the shop and something happens it's the buyer who loose out. Though I wouldn't mind losing more than half of what I paid for just to get the real thing. So tell me, who are the pros? At this point I would do any and every thing
bctan916, 13 Oct 2013Try to do the IMEI check again & press "Read more" at the bottom.. Under the ... moreI recheck, other info says: HTC ultra pixel camera, corning gorilla glass 2, HTC sense ui v5. I also notice this, from the website it says my OS is 4.1 but from my phone settings it is 4.2.1 and when I touch the HTC written on my phone it gives me these info: wallpaper, manage apps and system settings but most of the video reviews says it is just there for nothing, how about that.; I recheck, other info says: HTC ultra pixel camera, corning gorilla glass 2, HTC sense ui v5. I also notice this, from the website it says my OS is 4.1 but from my phone settings it is 4.2.1 and when I touch the HTC written on my phone it gives me these info: wallpaper, manage apps and system settings but most of the video reviews says it is just there for nothing, how about that.
distress lady, 12 Oct 2013I did just that and the result is: model one, brand HTC, device type smart phone, design class... moreTry to do the IMEI check again & press "Read more" at the bottom..
 
 Under the "Other information" section, mine shows HTC Sense UI v5. What about yours?
 
 Just to confirm whether is Google Edition..; Try to do the IMEI check again & press "Read more" at the bottom..; Under the "Other information" section, mine shows HTC Sense UI v5. What about yours?; Just to confirm whether is Google Edition..
So my 32gb HTC one reads only 15gig. What's up with that? Is anyone experiencing the same thing?; So my 32gb HTC one reads only 15gig. What's up with that? Is anyone experiencing the same thing?
dinki, 12 Oct 2013plzz help me out.. features am looking for: 1. a good cam at all times...low light or bright... moreIf that's what ur looking for.. I can recommend u another phone that is the Samsung Note 3, The camera is very good in different situations although its 13mp compared to 20mp of Z1, very fast net browsing and unlike z1
 U can do a lot of multi tasking which could help u as a med student; If that's what ur looking for.. I can recommend u another phone that is the Samsung Note 3, The camera is very good in different situations although its 13mp compared to 20mp of Z1, very fast net browsing and unlike z1; U can do a lot of multi tasking which could help u as a med student
distress lady, 12 Oct 2013I did just that and the result is: model one, brand HTC, device type smart phone, design class... moreThat means your HTC One is not a fake one.. Maybe just like commented by the rest of our friends here, you bought a Google Edition..
 
 You won't notice any difference in terms of hardware. Only the system (software) is so much different.. all the features that you/we like are just not there..
 
 To change the whole system is very technical & i think only the pro knows how to do that.. 
 
 Another option - try to go back to the shop where you bought it & ask for exchange.. i meant trade in yours & ask for Sense 5 version of HTC One.. 
 
 Try to negotiate with them & tell them what you want in details.. definitely you will lose some money by doing so..; That means your HTC One is not a fake one.. Maybe just like commented by the rest of our friends here, you bought a Google Edition..; You won't notice any difference in terms of hardware. Only the system (software) is so much different.. all the features that you/we like are just not there..; To change the whole system is very technical & i think only the pro knows how to do that..; Another option - try to go back to the shop where you bought it & ask for exchange.. i meant trade in yours & ask for Sense 5 version of HTC One..; Try to negotiate with them & tell them what you want in details.. definitely you will lose some money by doing so..
bctan916, 12 Oct 20131) Dial *#06# to get the IMEI no. 2) Go to www.imei.info, key in the IMEI no. & check ... moreI did just that and the result is: model one, brand HTC, device type smart phone, design classic, released 2013 among other info. Now my friend what next, is there any hope for me???; I did just that and the result is: model one, brand HTC, device type smart phone, design classic, released 2013 among other info. Now my friend what next, is there any hope for me???
union, 12 Oct 2013hi friend , u just god google edition , bcos google edtion does not have the features that u r... moreThanks you all, but does the Google edition looks like the picture above cos my look exactly like the picture above. If my phone is fake then HTC is really loosing out cos every thing look great the package was sealed and the box is the same like the videos I saw on line and like I said the phone looks great is only when you go into the features that u see the missing link.; Thanks you all, but does the Google edition looks like the picture above cos my look exactly like the picture above. If my phone is fake then HTC is really loosing out cos every thing look great the package was sealed and the box is the same like the videos I saw on line and like I said the phone looks great is only when you go into the features that u see the missing link.
Anonymous, 12 Oct 2013your htc one is fake...without zoe and blink feed that already is the proof hat the htc one u ... moreIs that how to cheer up a distress lady? You didn't ve to add more salt to my already injured heart. I need help, solutions not more heartaches, be nice.; Is that how to cheer up a distress lady? You didn't ve to add more salt to my already injured heart. I need help, solutions not more heartaches, be nice.
merry jones, 12 Oct 2013hii am looking for a phone that never slows down or hangs...i really cant stand any software p... morehy iam using htc one 
 htc one is the best phone comp with xperia z1 
 htc one will win htc one never lag or slow it have good camera 
 boom sound 
 metal body; hy iam using htc one; htc one is the best phone comp with xperia z1; htc one will win htc one never lag or slow it have good camera; boom sound; metal body
hii am looking for a phone that never slows down or hangs...i really cant stand any software problems either..
 which should i go for htc one or xperia z1 ?; hii am looking for a phone that never slows down or hangs...i really cant stand any software problems either..; which should i go for htc one or xperia z1 ?
hii am looking for a phone that never slows down or hangs...i really cant stand any software problems either..
 which should i go for htc one or xperia z1 ?; hii am looking for a phone that never slows down or hangs...i really cant stand any software problems either..; which should i go for htc one or xperia z1 ?
distress lady, 12 Oct 2013Hi guys, I must say I feel very much disappointed and very, very sad each time I see my HTC on... moreHi i also have the HTC one but i have all this features like I ve Zoe, blinkfeed, TV remote and the camera is very good.i'm from Mauritius and i love this phone.; Hi i also have the HTC one but i have all this features like I ve Zoe, blinkfeed, TV remote and the camera is very good.i'm from Mauritius and i love this phone.
stan, 12 Oct 2013how to change homescreen to tradition mode.please help me dear.Go to Settings/personalize/home screen style/select traditional
 
 That's it.; Go to Settings/personalize/home screen style/select traditional; That's it.
dinki, 12 Oct 2013plzz help me out.. features am looking for: 1. a good cam at all times...low light or bright... moreSeems like Xperia Z1 is more suitable coz
 
 1) better camera (20.7MP)
 2) faster chipset & CPU (Snapdragon 800, 2.2GHz)
 3) bigger capacity battery (3000 mAh)
 
 Sound - No other smartphones can beat HTC One.. yet..; Seems like Xperia Z1 is more suitable coz; 1) better camera (20.7MP); 2) faster chipset & CPU (Snapdragon 800, 2.2GHz); 3) bigger capacity battery (3000 mAh); Sound - No other smartphones can beat HTC One.. yet..
distress lady, 12 Oct 2013Hi guys, I must say I feel very much disappointed and very, very sad each time I see my HTC on... morehi friend , u just god google edition , bcos google edtion does not have the features that u r missing , just check htc one google edition, good luck.; hi friend , u just god google edition , bcos google edtion does not have the features that u r missing , just check htc one google edition, good luck.
distress lady, 12 Oct 2013Hi guys, I must say I feel very much disappointed and very, very sad each time I see my HTC on... moreSorry to hear your reviews.... But i guess u have bought something else and not HTC one... i am using it since the launch of this phone and i have never been dis appointed with any of the stuff.. I would suggest please go online and read a little about the phone on xda or some other forums... no point crying here... solve your own problems by doing a little research... Good luck with it...; Sorry to hear your reviews.... But i guess u have bought something else and not HTC one... i am using it since the launch of this phone and i have never been dis appointed with any of the stuff.. I would suggest please go online and read a little about the phone on xda or some other forums... no point crying here... solve your own problems by doing a little research... Good luck with it...
plzz help me out..
 features am looking for:
 1. a good cam at all times...low light or bright...need not be the best
 2. fast net browsing
 3. good voice clarity during calls
 4. good battery standy..am a med student i cant really charge it everyday..
 please help me in choosing between xperia z1 and htc one... i want the best phone; plzz help me out..; features am looking for:; 1. a good cam at all times...low light or bright...need not be the best; 2. fast net browsing; 3. good voice clarity during calls; 4. good battery standy..am a med student i cant really charge it everyday..; please help me in choosing between xperia z1 and htc one... i want the best phone
distress lady, 12 Oct 2013Hi guys, I must say I feel very much disappointed and very, very sad each time I see my HTC on... more1) Dial *#06# to get the IMEI no.
 2) Go to www.imei.info, key in the IMEI no. & check
 
 Good luck my friend!; 1) Dial *#06# to get the IMEI no.; 2) Go to www.imei.info, key in the IMEI no. & check; Good luck my friend!
Anonymous, 12 Oct 2013The HTC One is an awesome smartphone. Reasons why: -Great build quality -feels and looks pr... moreI like htc one but i don't find build quality as i have just returned my 3 rd one. I am switching to other brand although htc one seemed to me best package.
 Very dissapointed. I am an htc fan ( owned desire s and now i have returned to one s).
 I am from Romania and could be that for this region we don't get best quality.; I like htc one but i don't find build quality as i have just returned my 3 rd one. I am switching to other brand although htc one seemed to me best package.; Very dissapointed. I am an htc fan ( owned desire s and now i have returned to one s).; I am from Romania and could be that for this region we don't get best quality.
Here are the reasons that htc one use only 4MP. those who already bought the product will be satified.
 
 www.htc.com/www/zoe/ultrapixel-sensor-size/
 
 just read all of these.; Here are the reasons that htc one use only 4MP. those who already bought the product will be satified.; www.htc.com/www/zoe/ultrapixel-sensor-size/; just read all of these.
your htc one is fake...without zoe and blink feed that already is the proof hat the htc one u bought is FAKE; your htc one is fake...without zoe and blink feed that already is the proof hat the htc one u bought is FAKE
Hi guys, I must say I feel very much disappointed and very, very sad each time I see my HTC one, why I will tell u why.
 I read u all tell me why HTC one is better than s4 so I went in for the HTC one and all that I got was the built quality. This phone is really nice but that's it, I ve no Zoe, no blinkfeed, no TV remote etc and the camera oh my oh my, my Samsung s duos takes better picture.
 I just don't know what to do now, when I till antutu benchmark it tells me my phone is HTC one made in Asia HK and when the result came it said HTC one on top s4 next and my device somewhere in the middle with a score of 14765 or some thing like that. How can my phone be HTC one and not be on top of the score?
 I need help guys, u helped me get to where I am now so please help get out of it. I just want out, every time I see 
 My Phone I feel like smashing it but it look soon nice I can't bring myself to do that. I bought it in Ghana(it is in west Africa in case u didn't know) for more than $600.00; Hi guys, I must say I feel very much disappointed and very, very sad each time I see my HTC one, why I will tell u why.; I read u all tell me why HTC one is better than s4 so I went in for the HTC one and all that I got was the built quality. This phone is really nice but that's it, I ve no Zoe, no blinkfeed, no TV remote etc and the camera oh my oh my, my Samsung s duos takes better picture.; I just don't know what to do now, when I till antutu benchmark it tells me my phone is HTC one made in Asia HK and when the result came it said HTC one on top s4 next and my device somewhere in the middle with a score of 14765 or some thing like that. How can my phone be HTC one and not be on top of the score?; I need help guys, u helped me get to where I am now so please help get out of it. I just want out, every time I see; My Phone I feel like smashing it but it look soon nice I can't bring myself to do that. I bought it in Ghana(it is in west Africa in case u didn't know) for more than $600.00
Techno J., 12 Oct 2013Turn off the wifi and mobile network connection if you are not browsing internet. And change t... morehow to change homescreen to tradition mode.please help me dear.; how to change homescreen to tradition mode.please help me dear.
choon916, 11 Oct 2013HTC One's camera is only at average & acceptable level.. If camera is important to you,... moreguys camera quality doesnt depend on the big MP's but the efficient sensor..and one has it!!awsum camera it has...; guys camera quality doesnt depend on the big MP's but the efficient sensor..and one has it!!awsum camera it has...
P-O Mcfly, 11 Oct 2013I just got the phone 3 days ago and did a full charge during the night but 9 hours after , bat... moreTurn off the wifi and mobile network connection if you are not browsing internet. And change the home screen in to traditional mode instead of blinkfeed.
 
 Note: the battery life of a phone simply depends on the usage of the user. Therefore if you need a good battery life, manage the battery life of your phone effectively.; Turn off the wifi and mobile network connection if you are not browsing internet. And change the home screen in to traditional mode instead of blinkfeed.; Note: the battery life of a phone simply depends on the usage of the user. Therefore if you need a good battery life, manage the battery life of your phone effectively.
cdnml, 12 Oct 2013I advise you to go for Note 3.Its size is not very far from GS4 or One. If you want somethi... moreLG G2 will great only for few months. They never release Android updates or system updates for fix bugs. Then gradually your satisfaction will decrease up to bottom level. HTC One is far better.
 
 Experienced user.; LG G2 will great only for few months. They never release Android updates or system updates for fix bugs. Then gradually your satisfaction will decrease up to bottom level. HTC One is far better.; Experienced user.
Ankita, 11 Oct 2013I want to buy this phone but single sim please let me know about the camera.its $ MP ?How are ... moreI advise you to go for Note 3.Its size is not very far from GS4 or One.
 
 If you want something smaller , get LG G2.Awesome phone.; I advise you to go for Note 3.Its size is not very far from GS4 or One.; If you want something smaller , get LG G2.Awesome phone.
The HTC One is an awesome smartphone.
 Reasons why:
 -Great build quality
 -feels and looks premium
 -aluminum...strong but not flexible
 -fast and snappy OS
 -not the best keyboard, but still good
 -web browser is amazing, can challenge Galaxy S4
 -camera is alright, but outstanding in low-light
 -best speakers on a smartphone ever!
 (Built in beats audio)
 -google play store still has 750,000+ apps
 -Display, 468 ppi, BEST HD display and highest resolution (1920x1020) of any smartphone on the market...INCREDIBLE
 -people will notice when you've got and HTC One :D
 (I am a legit HTC One user); The HTC One is an awesome smartphone.; Reasons why:; -Great build quality; -feels and looks premium; -aluminum...strong but not flexible; -fast and snappy OS; -not the best keyboard, but still good; -web browser is amazing, can challenge Galaxy S4; -camera is alright, but outstanding in low-light; -best speakers on a smartphone ever!; (Built in beats audio); -google play store still has 750,000+ apps; -Display, 468 ppi, BEST HD display and highest resolution (1920x1020) of any smartphone on the market...INCREDIBLE; -people will notice when you've got and HTC One :D; (I am a legit HTC One user)
sg, 10 Oct 2013It is a software issue. If you use any custom rom 4.3 the problem gets resolved. So I think it... moreMy 3 rd replacement got this issues. I think that is a hw issue. Only some phones are affected and doesn't work with iso 100... it could be overlayed by a sw issue but has a hw issue too.
 I will try to replace the 3 rd one but i am not sure i want a 4th of the kind.; My 3 rd replacement got this issues. I think that is a hw issue. Only some phones are affected and doesn't work with iso 100... it could be overlayed by a sw issue but has a hw issue too.; I will try to replace the 3 rd one but i am not sure i want a 4th of the kind.
sg, 10 Oct 2013It is a software issue. If you use any custom rom 4.3 the problem gets resolved. So I think it... moreIt is a hardware issue. I ve just uodated abd no effecf. Same purple noise on all screen but mainly on the sides.
 This is my 3rd htc one.
 I am dissapointed. Very.; It is a hardware issue. I ve just uodated abd no effecf. Same purple noise on all screen but mainly on the sides.; This is my 3rd htc one.; I am dissapointed. Very.
sg, 10 Oct 2013It is a software issue. If you use any custom rom 4.3 the problem gets resolved. So I think it... moreIt is a hardware issue. I ve just uodated abd no effecf. Same purple noise on all screen but mainly on the sides.
 This is my 3rd htc one.
 I am dissapointed. Very.; It is a hardware issue. I ve just uodated abd no effecf. Same purple noise on all screen but mainly on the sides.; This is my 3rd htc one.; I am dissapointed. Very.
I just got the phone 3 days ago and did a full charge during the night but 9 hours after , battery was down to 33% while almost inactive (use the phone few time to see time and notification), isnt the phone suppose to go sleep mode or anything? No downloads in background just some notification coming in. Been in network (LTE) all the time so it is not network searching draining the battery. In battery usage I see 57% due to phone inactive.; I just got the phone 3 days ago and did a full charge during the night but 9 hours after , battery was down to 33% while almost inactive (use the phone few time to see time and notification), isnt the phone suppose to go sleep mode or anything? No downloads in background just some notification coming in. Been in network (LTE) all the time so it is not network searching draining the battery. In battery usage I see 57% due to phone inactive.
Dear HTC officials, pls fix the camera pink tint problem immeadtly; Dear HTC officials, pls fix the camera pink tint problem immeadtly
i've just bought it, its a special phone for special people. is a different experience.i highly recommend this to VIPs; i've just bought it, its a special phone for special people. is a different experience.i highly recommend this to VIPs
Ankita, 11 Oct 2013I want to buy this phone but single sim please let me know about the camera.its $ MP ?How are ... moreHTC One's camera is only at average & acceptable level..
 
 If camera is important to you, i advise you go for Galaxy S4 or LG G2 (13 MP) or Xperia Z1 (20MP)..
 
 HTC One is good in terms of display, sound & UI (Sense 5). Of course, nice design & premium feel too..; HTC One's camera is only at average & acceptable level..; If camera is important to you, i advise you go for Galaxy S4 or LG G2 (13 MP) or Xperia Z1 (20MP)..; HTC One is good in terms of display, sound & UI (Sense 5). Of course, nice design & premium feel too..
I want to buy this phone but single sim please let me know about the camera.its $ MP ?How are the results?Please let me know i want to buy it today.; I want to buy this phone but single sim please let me know about the camera.its $ MP ?How are the results?Please let me know i want to buy it today.
Used HTC One for 5 weeks now..
 
 UI smooth & stable, great display & top sound quality.. Excellent, love it!
 
 Highly recommended!; Used HTC One for 5 weeks now..; UI smooth & stable, great display & top sound quality.. Excellent, love it!; Highly recommended!
Just bought this fone yesterday. This is the best smartphone ever! Fast browsing, fast download/upload, I can not ask for more! HTC ONE is so amazing.. Im an apple & samsung user before, this is my first time to use htc and I think I will not go back to samsung/apple anymore. :-); Just bought this fone yesterday. This is the best smartphone ever! Fast browsing, fast download/upload, I can not ask for more! HTC ONE is so amazing.. Im an apple & samsung user before, this is my first time to use htc and I think I will not go back to samsung/apple anymore. :-)
huseiya, 10 Oct 2013Hi,which is the best colour btn black and silver rply plz.....Silver looks more premium than black
 Silver is more resistant to scratches than black model
 That's why silver is better!; Silver looks more premium than black; Silver is more resistant to scratches than black model; That's why silver is better!
huseiya, 10 Oct 2013Hi,which is the best colour btn black and silver rply plz.....For me is slver:
 - fancier
 - more resistant to scratches as silver is closer to natural color of alluminium
 - i like the mixing of silver with black panel.
 
 Black is classic. Always good, but as i have said silver works better for me.
 
 Good luck; For me is slver:; - fancier; - more resistant to scratches as silver is closer to natural color of alluminium; - i like the mixing of silver with black panel.; Black is classic. Always good, but as i have said silver works better for me.; Good luck
huseiya, 10 Oct 2013Hi,which is the best colour btn black and silver rply plz.....Silver
 Coz black get fingerprints on it; Silver; Coz black get fingerprints on it
Compare it with the butterfly s; Compare it with the butterfly s
very nice smart fone; very nice smart fone
The htc one has not been discontinued in india i just now received a mail from the customer service support dept.; The htc one has not been discontinued in india i just now received a mail from the customer service support dept.
Hi,which is the best colour btn black and silver rply plz.....; Hi,which is the best colour btn black and silver rply plz.....
DeeKaaY, 09 Oct 2013If I am not wrong your issue is not software based. And cannot be solved with an update. U ca... moreIt is a software issue. If you use any custom rom 4.3 the problem gets resolved. So I think it should be addressed by HTC.; It is a software issue. If you use any custom rom 4.3 the problem gets resolved. So I think it should be addressed by HTC.
balaji, 09 Oct 2013what a worst its camera clarity is4mp then not amoled display it is lcd I think you never even touched this phone. So it's better to stop trolling here.; I think you never even touched this phone. So it's better to stop trolling here.
how does pink tint look like, anybody please?; how does pink tint look like, anybody please?
shsj, 09 Oct 2013Is this update fix the pink tint issue? Anyone know If I am not wrong your issue is not software based. And cannot be solved with an update. U can get a replacement if it's under warranty. A friend of mine works for HTC and said this is a replacement issue and phones are getting replaced with this error. Try your local authorized repair shop.; If I am not wrong your issue is not software based. And cannot be solved with an update. U can get a replacement if it's under warranty. A friend of mine works for HTC and said this is a replacement issue and phones are getting replaced with this error. Try your local authorized repair shop.
Have been using this phone for over 5 months and I am simply loving the phone. As I have been reading the reviews posted by many users.. I do not have a pink tint issue with my phone. It has never hanged even after having more then 100apps/games installed. I feel @ this very point of time.. This is undisputed winner in the matter of classy, smart, look and feel and not to forget amazing camera. Use flash if u want to click low light images because phones are not suppose to be your photography instrument only. Get a good dslr if u want to enjoy taking pictures... But I still love htc camera u just need to review and customize your settings. Enjoying the phone and no complaints. Hope this brief review helps.; Have been using this phone for over 5 months and I am simply loving the phone. As I have been reading the reviews posted by many users.. I do not have a pink tint issue with my phone. It has never hanged even after having more then 100apps/games installed. I feel @ this very point of time.. This is undisputed winner in the matter of classy, smart, look and feel and not to forget amazing camera. Use flash if u want to click low light images because phones are not suppose to be your photography instrument only. Get a good dslr if u want to enjoy taking pictures... But I still love htc camera u just need to review and customize your settings. Enjoying the phone and no complaints. Hope this brief review helps.
porng996, 09 Oct 2013Hello guys! I want to buy this phone and I'm serious about it. I need to know if there somethi... moreBeen using this phone for more then 5 months and I don't want to say sorry. Awesome camera amazing memory, very fast, great ui with sense 5, zoe is kinda useless but I like to set and send as a small clip to friends. GO ahead buy the phone u won't regret this decision. Its a very up market look and feel phone with great built quality. Lemme know if I helped; Been using this phone for more then 5 months and I don't want to say sorry. Awesome camera amazing memory, very fast, great ui with sense 5, zoe is kinda useless but I like to set and send as a small clip to friends. GO ahead buy the phone u won't regret this decision. Its a very up market look and feel phone with great built quality. Lemme know if I helped
Is this update fix the pink tint issue? Anyone know; Is this update fix the pink tint issue? Anyone know
When will update arrive in india, pink tint issue is a major problem; When will update arrive in india, pink tint issue is a major problem
The best smartphone just got even better being the first device (aside the Nexus line) updated to 4.3. Can't wait for Sense 5.5 to to go OTA. :); The best smartphone just got even better being the first device (aside the Nexus line) updated to 4.3. Can't wait for Sense 5.5 to to go OTA. :)
Hi For the Primary camera is 11mp And not Htc name the 11mp His ''New 4Up UltraPixel''; Hi For the Primary camera is 11mp And not Htc name the 11mp His ''New 4Up UltraPixel''
balaji, 09 Oct 2013what a worst its camera clarity is4mp then not amoled display it is lcd What a worst is your english and then ur bad is grammar; What a worst is your english and then ur bad is grammar
bctan916, 08 Oct 2013HTC One 1) battery definitely can last for 1 whole day at least.. 2) camera is still accep... moreYour damn right man!; Your damn right man!
what a worst its camera clarity is4mp then not amoled display it is lcd; what a worst its camera clarity is4mp then not amoled display it is lcd
I hope he was commenting on pink tint issue and low light noise factor. He was not comparing rather asked for a solution from HTC. So definitely your comment is in a wrong direction. Anyways if anybody already received 4.3 update here Pl share whether the problem is being addressed or not.; I hope he was commenting on pink tint issue and low light noise factor. He was not comparing rather asked for a solution from HTC. So definitely your comment is in a wrong direction. Anyways if anybody already received 4.3 update here Pl share whether the problem is being addressed or not.
porng996, 09 Oct 2013Well, You know what "4MP" mean, right? so why you still bother htc for this? Just be... moreHi, I was discussing about pink tint and due to that noise factor in low light condition. Pl make me understand to whom should I write about the bug, you? Pl read twice what are you writing as the subject is different. If anybody already received 4.3 update Pl share whether the issue has been addressed or not. Thanks.; Hi, I was discussing about pink tint and due to that noise factor in low light condition. Pl make me understand to whom should I write about the bug, you? Pl read twice what are you writing as the subject is different. If anybody already received 4.3 update Pl share whether the issue has been addressed or not. Thanks.
Anonymous, 08 Oct 2013Have mailed HTC regarding low light camera issue and 4.3 update in India and the reply is disa... moreWell, You know what "4MP" mean, right? so why you still bother htc for this? Just beware that a 4MP camera won't be or never be a best camera. You think it's a problem, because you're trying to compare its camera to other smartphone like samsung s2, iphone 5, sony xperia z1... if they improve the camera, it would be worth $120 more or so. if you are tourist or just like to capture more pic, just buy a new cam.; Well, You know what "4MP" mean, right? so why you still bother htc for this? Just beware that a 4MP camera won't be or never be a best camera. You think it's a problem, because you're trying to compare its camera to other smartphone like samsung s2, iphone 5, sony xperia z1... if they improve the camera, it would be worth $120 more or so. if you are tourist or just like to capture more pic, just buy a new cam.
Hello guys! I want to buy this phone and I'm serious about it. I need to know if there something I need to know, or if you've encounter any issue please tell me or post it here. I just don' t want to say sorry after I bought it.; Hello guys! I want to buy this phone and I'm serious about it. I need to know if there something I need to know, or if you've encounter any issue please tell me or post it here. I just don' t want to say sorry after I bought it.
bctan916, 08 Oct 2013HTC One 1) battery definitely can last for 1 whole day at least.. 2) camera is still accep... more#4 give me a LOLS!; #4 give me a LOLS!
hey guys! have anyone of you tried/used around ear headphones? I bought sennheiser and it sound great in my One even if the beats audio is off...; hey guys! have anyone of you tried/used around ear headphones? I bought sennheiser and it sound great in my One even if the beats audio is off...
Will the HTC make the One Maxx like this; Will the HTC make the One Maxx like this
Anonymous, 08 Oct 2013Have mailed HTC regarding low light camera issue and 4.3 update in India and the reply is disa... moreWhy do their engineers need to fix this issue in india? This issue is already fixed in 4.3 updates globally. Since hardware is same, so its only about integrating the fix in Indian ROM. But its shocking that HTC has discontinued HTC one in India. I am also waiting for 4.3 fix for camera problem :(; Why do their engineers need to fix this issue in india? This issue is already fixed in 4.3 updates globally. Since hardware is same, so its only about integrating the fix in Indian ROM. But its shocking that HTC has discontinued HTC one in India. I am also waiting for 4.3 fix for camera problem :(
Guys, I think of buying HTC h/s but i dont know y due to some issue like as HTC h/s is not Popular like so i changed my Mind always i dony why?; Guys, I think of buying HTC h/s but i dont know y due to some issue like as HTC h/s is not Popular like so i changed my Mind always i dony why?
steven, 08 Oct 2013This phone is over priced.. messed up battery life, poor camera, small screen and a non remove... moreHTC One
 
 1) battery definitely can last for 1 whole day at least..
 2) camera is still acceptable - not as poor as you said
 3) 4.7 inches screen still larger than the latest iphone 5S or 5C (4 inches)
 4) what so great about removable battery? you only need to remove battery when the system hanged.. Samsung is giving removable battery coz their Touchwiz always hang!; HTC One; 1) battery definitely can last for 1 whole day at least..; 2) camera is still acceptable - not as poor as you said; 3) 4.7 inches screen still larger than the latest iphone 5S or 5C (4 inches); 4) what so great about removable battery? you only need to remove battery when the system hanged.. Samsung is giving removable battery coz their Touchwiz always hang!
If you think camera is important to u, i will advise you go for Galaxy S4 or LG G2, rather than HTC One.. 13MP still better than 4UP..
 
 However, with the 2 front stereo speakers, HTC One has the best sound quality that no other smartphones (in the market now) can beat ..; If you think camera is important to u, i will advise you go for Galaxy S4 or LG G2, rather than HTC One.. 13MP still better than 4UP..; However, with the 2 front stereo speakers, HTC One has the best sound quality that no other smartphones (in the market now) can beat ..
XPERIA S USERS, 07 Oct 2013Corretion on the XPERIA Z1 the Z1 had better display thn ips I have try it both screen are... moreAs far as i know, the Triluminos & X-Reality technology only applicable to photos & videos.. but it doesn't improve the screen that we are looking everyday - the user interface.
 
 User interface colours still wash out ...; As far as i know, the Triluminos & X-Reality technology only applicable to photos & videos.. but it doesn't improve the screen that we are looking everyday - the user interface.; User interface colours still wash out ...
The speakers are fantastic!!!; The speakers are fantastic!!!
steven, 08 Oct 2013This phone is over priced.. messed up battery life, poor camera, small screen and a non remove... moreAre you serious? Have you ever owned one or even used it once before?; Are you serious? Have you ever owned one or even used it once before?
Have mailed HTC regarding low light camera issue and 4.3 update in India and the reply is disappointing. HTC still not found the possible solution for the camera issue and they are WORKING on it and that is a reason for discontinuing one in India and 4.3 update will take time. No specific date but seems once HTC engineer will solve the issue then only software update will come. So till the time enjoy with bug.; Have mailed HTC regarding low light camera issue and 4.3 update in India and the reply is disappointing. HTC still not found the possible solution for the camera issue and they are WORKING on it and that is a reason for discontinuing one in India and 4.3 update will take time. No specific date but seems once HTC engineer will solve the issue then only software update will come. So till the time enjoy with bug.
I just hoping to buy this 'phone of the year' in coming days, but still hesitate.; I just hoping to buy this 'phone of the year' in coming days, but still hesitate.
weewow, 07 Oct 2013Both of the speaker grills is for music plus it has beats audio enhancements and the sound qua... morethanks guy,i have sonyericsson wt19i walkman phone since 2011.never seen music phone like that but it has small screen.i really need great music phone like wt19 with 4.5inches.but people telling me that htc one is the best.hope it has super bass.; thanks guy,i have sonyericsson wt19i walkman phone since 2011.never seen music phone like that but it has small screen.i really need great music phone like wt19 with 4.5inches.but people telling me that htc one is the best.hope it has super bass.
This phone is over priced.. messed up battery life, poor camera, small screen and a non removeable battery.. only unwise people would purchase such expensive low standard device. Keep throwing away money, its good.; This phone is over priced.. messed up battery life, poor camera, small screen and a non removeable battery.. only unwise people would purchase such expensive low standard device. Keep throwing away money, its good.
PLS help me Guys which phone is best HTC one or LG G2..........; PLS help me Guys which phone is best HTC one or LG G2..........
Am going 2 buy a superb phone can anyone say that htc one is better than galaxy s4; Am going 2 buy a superb phone can anyone say that htc one is better than galaxy s4
Anonymous, 07 Oct 2013Htc one > sony xperia z1: 3. More compact (smaller size) 4. Lighter (143 gr vs 169 gr) ... moreZ1 vs Htc one:
 3. Better battery; Z1 vs Htc one:; 3. Better battery
bctan916, 07 Oct 2013HTC One > Xperia Z1 1)Better display 2)Better sound Xperia Z1 > HTC One 1)Bett... moreHtc one > sony xperia z1:
 3. More compact (smaller size)
 4. Lighter (143 gr vs 169 gr)
 
 But then again it comes to what matters most to you. I loke both, but i use more music and like alluminium better than glass. My taste.; Htc one > sony xperia z1:; 3. More compact (smaller size); 4. Lighter (143 gr vs 169 gr); But then again it comes to what matters most to you. I loke both, but i use more music and like alluminium better than glass. My taste.
iPhone is great which is not comparable to others.; iPhone is great which is not comparable to others.
Mannu, 06 Oct 2013Is it better than xperia z1?? plzz helpLG G pro would be better.; LG G pro would be better.
Vinay, 07 Oct 2013Hi.Yeah.Its not out of stock. I have official mail from HTC and also was present at launch of ... moreMeans the 4.3 update will never come to India for existing HTC one for sure and the low light camera bug will never rectified. Great.; Means the 4.3 update will never come to India for existing HTC one for sure and the low light camera bug will never rectified. Great.
XPERIA S USERS, 07 Oct 2013Corretion on the XPERIA Z1 the Z1 had better display thn ips I have try it both screen are... moreOh please are you serious? Z1 doesn't have a better screen if it sets itself on fire. The colors are too saturated and the view angles are STILL crap albeit better than on the Z.; Oh please are you serious? Z1 doesn't have a better screen if it sets itself on fire. The colors are too saturated and the view angles are STILL crap albeit better than on the Z.
Dave K, 17 Sep 2013All shops in Mumbai, India have gone out of Stock with HTC one. Most Shop keepers telling that... moreHi.Yeah.Its not out of stock. I have official mail from HTC and also was present at launch of HTC one dual sim at Korum Mall Thane West. Due to some pink tint and camera bugs, its discontinued. Very surprising. Hence dual sim with andriod 4.2.2 has come.But it doesnt have 4G.
 
 Regards,
 Vinay; Hi.Yeah.Its not out of stock. I have official mail from HTC and also was present at launch of HTC one dual sim at Korum Mall Thane West. Due to some pink tint and camera bugs, its discontinued. Very surprising. Hence dual sim with andriod 4.2.2 has come.But it doesnt have 4G.; Regards,; Vinay
bctan916, 07 Oct 2013HTC One > Xperia Z1 1)Better display 2)Better sound Xperia Z1 > HTC One 1)Bett... moreCorretion on the XPERIA Z1 the Z1 had better display thn ips 
 
 I have try it both screen are good but TRILIMINOUS display had more natural and vivid colour thn ips lcd beside the TRILIMINOUS display is back up by xreality engine which add more sharpness pic and.video lack pixel; Corretion on the XPERIA Z1 the Z1 had better display thn ips; I have try it both screen are good but TRILIMINOUS display had more natural and vivid colour thn ips lcd beside the TRILIMINOUS display is back up by xreality engine which add more sharpness pic and.video lack pixel
Its correct primary camera 4 MP?; Its correct primary camera 4 MP?
wt19i, 07 Oct 2013please can someone tell me. up and down speaker grill .which one is for music or two of them.Both of the speaker grills is for music plus it has beats audio enhancements and the sound quality is superb!; Both of the speaker grills is for music plus it has beats audio enhancements and the sound quality is superb!
please can someone tell me. up and down speaker grill .which one is for music or two of them.; please can someone tell me. up and down speaker grill .which one is for music or two of them.
HTC One > Xperia Z1
 
 1)Better display
 2)Better sound
 
 Xperia Z1 > HTC One
 
 1)Better camera
 2)Better speed
 
 Which is more important to you? Is your choice..; HTC One > Xperia Z1; 1)Better display; 2)Better sound; Xperia Z1 > HTC One; 1)Better camera; 2)Better speed; Which is more important to you? Is your choice..
Is it better than xperia z1?? plzz help; Is it better than xperia z1?? plzz help
abhishek, 06 Oct 2013Which one is preferable HTC one or xperia z.... Plz helpbuy HTC Butterfly S amazing battery backup and fully glossy body.; buy HTC Butterfly S amazing battery backup and fully glossy body.
Which one is preferable HTC one or xperia z....
 Plz help; Which one is preferable HTC one or xperia z....; Plz help
I want to buy a smartphone and m confused whether to go with htc one or not...main reason is i used htc one x twice n both times motherboard and battery issues made me change my phone...so if htc one is also causing troubles software/hardware wise frequently then i would not buy it else its my first choice...please help me out as soon as possible...; I want to buy a smartphone and m confused whether to go with htc one or not...main reason is i used htc one x twice n both times motherboard and battery issues made me change my phone...so if htc one is also causing troubles software/hardware wise frequently then i would not buy it else its my first choice...please help me out as soon as possible...
I want to buy a smartphone and m confused whether to go with htc one or not...main reason is i used htc one x twice n both times motherboard and battery issues made me change my phone...so if htc one is also causing troubles software/hardware wise frequently then i would not buy it else its my first choice...please help me out as soon as possible...; I want to buy a smartphone and m confused whether to go with htc one or not...main reason is i used htc one x twice n both times motherboard and battery issues made me change my phone...so if htc one is also causing troubles software/hardware wise frequently then i would not buy it else its my first choice...please help me out as soon as possible...
should i buy htc one or iphone 4s guys??? what about the camera in htc one? should i pay money to htc one ?; should i buy htc one or iphone 4s guys??? what about the camera in htc one? should i pay money to htc one ?
should i buy apple 4s or htc one ?; should i buy apple 4s or htc one ?
great phone. Waiting for htc to release a 12 MP version is 4 MP in 2013 is no brainer; great phone. Waiting for htc to release a 12 MP version is 4 MP in 2013 is no brainer
Hi all,
 My HTC One turns stereo off by itself after listening music for 10 ish minutes. Anyone experienced this usue?
 Thanks; Hi all,; My HTC One turns stereo off by itself after listening music for 10 ish minutes. Anyone experienced this usue?; Thanks
harshana, 05 Oct 2013I have this phone. But i have to tell the camera is disappointing. I also thought the ultra me... moreSame feeling..on top it all now the camera is useless in low light condition. Not clear whether it is a hardware or software issue but bottomline is gross underperformance. Moreover after recognizing the issue no updates are coming. In India new update still not come ..god knows when will it come or will it not come at all. After spending such hefty money I think we don't deserve this. What say?; Same feeling..on top it all now the camera is useless in low light condition. Not clear whether it is a hardware or software issue but bottomline is gross underperformance. Moreover after recognizing the issue no updates are coming. In India new update still not come ..god knows when will it come or will it not come at all. After spending such hefty money I think we don't deserve this. What say?
I have this phone. But i have to tell the camera is disappointing. I also thought the ultra mega pixel thing would make it picture quality nearly a camera with 13px. But i cant really understand how ultra pixel would benefit as i took pictures in xperia z also which are quite good but htc one pictures are quite blur. Also if i see the pixels in the picture once i put to the computer its 4 MP, 2688 x 1520. Even if i take pictures in nights the picture brightness may increase still pictures are not quality. Other than that phone is great but i feel i using a 4MP camera phone at the end.; I have this phone. But i have to tell the camera is disappointing. I also thought the ultra mega pixel thing would make it picture quality nearly a camera with 13px. But i cant really understand how ultra pixel would benefit as i took pictures in xperia z also which are quite good but htc one pictures are quite blur. Also if i see the pixels in the picture once i put to the computer its 4 MP, 2688 x 1520. Even if i take pictures in nights the picture brightness may increase still pictures are not quality. Other than that phone is great but i feel i using a 4MP camera phone at the end.
hi . which will be better choice for me .
 xperia z , galaxy s4 , iphone 5 , htc one.
 i need good camera battery life and popularity, and much features; hi . which will be better choice for me .; xperia z , galaxy s4 , iphone 5 , htc one.; i need good camera battery life and popularity, and much features
Hi guys please help me about this, is there coming 16 gb one from Htc One ? Please reply me soon.Would appreciate the earliest reply.
 Have a nice day.
 Thanks; Hi guys please help me about this, is there coming 16 gb one from Htc One ? Please reply me soon.Would appreciate the earliest reply.; Have a nice day.; Thanks
Techno J., 05 Oct 2013If you well managed the battery life, it will definitely remains more than one day. thank you so much for this help.
 its really helpful for me :-); thank you so much for this help.; its really helpful for me :-)
HTC One boom sound is best,
 camera quality is useless,
 battery life is less...............; HTC One boom sound is best,; camera quality is useless,; battery life is less...............
nazar, 04 Oct 2013kindly tell me about the battery timings, i am planning to buy it but i am confused because i ... morei get full day charge with approx use of 3-4hrs browsing/30mins video playback/1hr calling on 3g. all i can say is, it has got enough power to keep it away from charger for a day; i get full day charge with approx use of 3-4hrs browsing/30mins video playback/1hr calling on 3g. all i can say is, it has got enough power to keep it away from charger for a day
nazar, 04 Oct 2013kindly tell me about the battery timings, i am planning to buy it but i am confused because i ... moreDon't worry. The battery life is satisfiable. If you use the phone normally - with turned on 3G, web browsing and for phone talks the battery life will last 2 days. If you boost it it'll last a day. If you're not very active it'll last 3 or 4 days.; Don't worry. The battery life is satisfiable. If you use the phone normally - with turned on 3G, web browsing and for phone talks the battery life will last 2 days. If you boost it it'll last a day. If you're not very active it'll last 3 or 4 days.
nazar, 04 Oct 2013I dont play games on phone so often and also dont use it for music for long time. My basic use... moreIf you well managed the battery life, it will definitely remains more than one day.; If you well managed the battery life, it will definitely remains more than one day.
nazar, 04 Oct 2013I dont play games on phone so often and also dont use it for music for long time. My basic use... moreIf you well managed the battery life, it will definitely remains more than one day.; If you well managed the battery life, it will definitely remains more than one day.
nazar, 04 Oct 2013I dont play games on phone so often and also dont use it for music for long time. My basic use... moreI'm a light user, 1 charge my HTC One can last for 3-4 days (with d power save mode on)..
 
 HTC One has a 2300mAh battery, One X has only 1800mAh..
 
 I think definitely u can use HTC One for 1 whole day at least..; I'm a light user, 1 charge my HTC One can last for 3-4 days (with d power save mode on)..; HTC One has a 2300mAh battery, One X has only 1800mAh..; I think definitely u can use HTC One for 1 whole day at least..
pls iam a Ghanain and want to buy it but how can you I pay and know my product will arrive succesfully please; pls iam a Ghanain and want to buy it but how can you I pay and know my product will arrive succesfully please
the battery was so far better from one x you can browse internet more than 10h watch movie more than 10h talk time 13h 
 i have 2 day charge; the battery was so far better from one x you can browse internet more than 10h watch movie more than 10h talk time 13h; i have 2 day charge
I wanna know if any user here that has updated their One to 4.3..is the camera pink tint problem go away after updated to 4.3? 
 To any of u guys who is curious about battery life of this phone, 
 I usually get 24hours..of really moderate lite usage..powersaving mode..with 7-10% left.
 Battery will be empty if i play it straight 5hours heavy gaming,internet,n others..
 I never regret buying this..
 If u are an android fan..this phone is for u..
 Peace out!; I wanna know if any user here that has updated their One to 4.3..is the camera pink tint problem go away after updated to 4.3?; To any of u guys who is curious about battery life of this phone,; I usually get 24hours..of really moderate lite usage..powersaving mode..with 7-10% left.; Battery will be empty if i play it straight 5hours heavy gaming,internet,n others..; I never regret buying this..; If u are an android fan..this phone is for u..; Peace out!
when india gets 
 update of htc one plzzz tell mee ..; when india gets; update of htc one plzzz tell mee ..
Techno J., 04 Oct 2013Actually battery life depending on the usage of the user. I had One X either and now I'm using... moreI dont play games on phone so often and also dont use it for music for long time. My basic use is for calls, sms and browsing (which is also not very often) 
 Will it be able to support for a whole day atleast or one and a half day ??
 When i was using One X i had to charge it twice or thrice a day which really irritated me and i quit using it.; I dont play games on phone so often and also dont use it for music for long time. My basic use is for calls, sms and browsing (which is also not very often); Will it be able to support for a whole day atleast or one and a half day ??; When i was using One X i had to charge it twice or thrice a day which really irritated me and i quit using it.
nazar, 04 Oct 2013kindly tell me about the battery timings, i am planning to buy it but i am confused because i ... moreActually battery life depending on the usage of the user. I had One X either and now I'm using this phone. I can manage battery up to 2 days by moderate usage. If you manage the battery life effectively, it will remains more than one day.; Actually battery life depending on the usage of the user. I had One X either and now I'm using this phone. I can manage battery up to 2 days by moderate usage. If you manage the battery life effectively, it will remains more than one day.
kindly tell me about the battery timings, i am planning to buy it but i am confused because i had HTC One X, its battery timings were really bad. Kindly tell me about it should i buy it or not ??; kindly tell me about the battery timings, i am planning to buy it but i am confused because i had HTC One X, its battery timings were really bad. Kindly tell me about it should i buy it or not ??
kindly tell me about the battery timings, i am planning to buy it but i am confused because i had HTC One X, its battery timings were really bad. Kindly tell me about it should i buy it or not ??; kindly tell me about the battery timings, i am planning to buy it but i am confused because i had HTC One X, its battery timings were really bad. Kindly tell me about it should i buy it or not ??
juju, 01 Oct 2013Go to settings/about/software information/more. From there, tap on the Build Number 7 times Hey I hav tap on the build number 7times and I was told that I am s developer now. Any idea what that means?; Hey I hav tap on the build number 7times and I was told that I am s developer now. Any idea what that means?
T3 phone of the year..
 
 http://awards.t3.com/categories/phone-of-the-year/htc-one; T3 phone of the year..
shaji, 03 Oct 2013Any one get 4.3 update in india. The camera issue solved yet,?Not yet updated ..; Not yet updated ..
Any one get 4.3 update in india. The camera issue solved yet,?; Any one get 4.3 update in india. The camera issue solved yet,?
Anonymous, 02 Oct 2013What about camera after update ,means purplr tint Not my words:
 But make perfect sense
 http://www.trib-design.com/HTCOneCamera.html; Not my words:; But make perfect sense
Oh man ! the music clarity and bombing sound is Amazing with the supplied HeadPhones ! Beats Rocks; Oh man ! the music clarity and bombing sound is Amazing with the supplied HeadPhones ! Beats Rocks
Shakee, 02 Oct 2013Hi guys (HTC One) witch Country of Phone is Original pls Replay meHTC- Taiwan
 Sony- Japan
 Samsung- Korea; HTC- Taiwan; Sony- Japan; Samsung- Korea
So far it was really good, ever since updated the software, I'm getting a sign on notification panel it is like I'm on loud speaker.after that I can't talk over the phone with out outsider can hear, please help; So far it was really good, ever since updated the software, I'm getting a sign on notification panel it is like I'm on loud speaker.after that I can't talk over the phone with out outsider can hear, please help
Anonymous, 01 Oct 2013Can anybody tll how good is the phone battery life?The battery back up is downgraded like hell, wish I hadn't bought it 1st of all.; The battery back up is downgraded like hell, wish I hadn't bought it 1st of all.
Anonymous, 01 Oct 2013Can anybody tll how good is the phone battery life?The battery back up is downgraded like hell, wish I hadn't bought it 1st of all.; The battery back up is downgraded like hell, wish I hadn't bought it 1st of all.
HTC One User, 02 Oct 2013This question is very boring....That question has been borrring...me to tears since the launch of this phone.I always keep my eyes away off that.; That question has been borrring...me to tears since the launch of this phone.I always keep my eyes away off that.
No update yet in the philippines.; No update yet in the philippines.
Is this Phone Permanently Discontinued?; Is this Phone Permanently Discontinued?
Titanuim, 02 Oct 2013you will never be able to put it at max. !yeah...; yeah...
any clue when the 4.3 update for HTC one is arriving in Nigeria?; any clue when the 4.3 update for HTC one is arriving in Nigeria?
Anonymous, 01 Oct 2013After the 4.3 JB update, the developer options under teh setting page has gone. I can no longe... moreWhat about camera after update ,means purplr tint; What about camera after update ,means purplr tint
DADDY!, 02 Oct 2013How loud is the music through the headphones? I want to go for the best phone with loudest ... moreyou see in review this phone are best sound in market beast are awesome; you see in review this phone are best sound in market beast are awesome
DADDY!, 02 Oct 2013How loud is the music through the headphones? I want to go for the best phone with loudest ... morego 4 chines phone; go 4 chines phone
Hi guys (HTC One) witch Country of Phone is Original pls Replay me; Hi guys (HTC One) witch Country of Phone is Original pls Replay me
Anonymous, 01 Oct 2013Can anybody tll how good is the phone battery life?5 hours screen on with power saver mode
 4 hours without power saver; 5 hours screen on with power saver mode; 4 hours without power saver
DADDY!, 02 Oct 2013How loud is the music through the headphones? I want to go for the best phone with loudest ... moreyou will never be able to put it at max. !; you will never be able to put it at max. !
How loud is the music through the headphones?
 
 I want to go for the best phone with loudest music through good pair of earphones?; How loud is the music through the headphones?; I want to go for the best phone with loudest music through good pair of earphones?
ninos, 30 Sep 2013i have htc one x its camera is 8mp, while htc one camera is 4mp, is that true and one x and sa... moreThis question is very boring....; This question is very boring....
strong specs for a phone
 
 I wonder why HTC don't have tablets....; strong specs for a phone; I wonder why HTC don't have tablets....
The Max, 29 Sep 2013Please don't judge about HTC One until you own a One and stop trolling here.I like that!; I like that!
Anonymous, 01 Oct 2013After the 4.3 JB update, the developer options under teh setting page has gone. I can no longe... moreGo to settings/about/software information/more. From there, tap on the Build Number 7 times; Go to settings/about/software information/more. From there, tap on the Build Number 7 times
Can anybody tll how good is the phone battery life?; Can anybody tll how good is the phone battery life?
After the 4.3 JB update, the developer options under teh setting page has gone. I can no longer set USB debugginh, GPU force rendering and also animation speed.Th eprevious JB version has such an option.; After the 4.3 JB update, the developer options under teh setting page has gone. I can no longer set USB debugginh, GPU force rendering and also animation speed.Th eprevious JB version has such an option.
Adderly, 01 Oct 2013Can i use this phone in a CDMA network or platform?Indeed, you can use this under any network type.; Indeed, you can use this under any network type.
Can i use this phone in a CDMA network or platform?; Can i use this phone in a CDMA network or platform?
IRFAN HAMEED, 30 Sep 20134.3 update available in pakistan now.... enjoy... i am downloading and inform the improvement ... morenice Congrats lol .... waiting it to come to Saudia now! ... btw wht are the improvements ?; nice Congrats lol .... waiting it to come to Saudia now! ... btw wht are the improvements ?
Chebulla, 01 Oct 2013The camera works great you just have to adjust to having to tap to focus/meter and you're gold... moredont you have the pink tint?; dont you have the pink tint?
The camera works great you just have to adjust to having to tap to focus/meter and you're golden. As many have said, it's The best phone of 2013 for a reason.; The camera works great you just have to adjust to having to tap to focus/meter and you're golden. As many have said, it's The best phone of 2013 for a reason.
Awesome phone I have one for six months and every day enjoyed a phone have a lot of things and this phone are a lot of very excellent stuff many things best display best sound best video recording best handle best design very very top speed I have full app I use 8 different luncher and it's run like bolt so just camera in day are not good like another part so you come here and say HTC most die no dear friend HTC are awesome this time camera aren't good next time I'm sure it's excellent 
 HTC are best sent from my dear htc one; Awesome phone I have one for six months and every day enjoyed a phone have a lot of things and this phone are a lot of very excellent stuff many things best display best sound best video recording best handle best design very very top speed I have full app I use 8 different luncher and it's run like bolt so just camera in day are not good like another part so you come here and say HTC most die no dear friend HTC are awesome this time camera aren't good next time I'm sure it's excellent; HTC are best sent from my dear htc one
IRFAN HAMEED, 30 Sep 20134.3 update available in pakistan now.... enjoy... i am downloading and inform the improvement ... moregood for you i'm still don't have in iran; good for you i'm still don't have in iran
the camera in day not so cool but in room and dark are more better than samsung so how you gay's don't have a htc one and come here for tell bul.... 
 htc are best search in mobile site's and see htc one score always more than 9 from 10 
 and also best 2013 phone 
 samsung fan and samsung member come here to tell lay to us 
 awesome htc i love you; the camera in day not so cool but in room and dark are more better than samsung so how you gay's don't have a htc one and come here for tell bul....; htc are best search in mobile site's and see htc one score always more than 9 from 10; and also best 2013 phone; samsung fan and samsung member come here to tell lay to us; awesome htc i love you
Fisch, 28 Sep 2013I had used my HTC One for 4 months and now it's started being lag and slow response. And now i... moreI can help you.STOP talking bull____.; I can help you.STOP talking bull____.
4.3 update available in pakistan now.... enjoy... i am downloading and inform the improvement after completion.. i am first one to inform you pakistanies.; 4.3 update available in pakistan now.... enjoy... i am downloading and inform the improvement after completion.. i am first one to inform you pakistanies.
ShinAkira, 27 Sep 2013Any official release date for update to 4.3?october first week; october first week
hw to make tis phone(HTC one) to get the battery level for more time for utilization ?????; hw to make tis phone(HTC one) to get the battery level for more time for utilization ?????
there is a problem with a lot of htc one x screen vga, i know about 10 persons whi have one x included me that has the same problem, and there is no solution for it; there is a problem with a lot of htc one x screen vga, i know about 10 persons whi have one x included me that has the same problem, and there is no solution for it
i have htc one x its camera is 8mp, while htc one camera is 4mp, is that true and one x and samsung s4(13mp)cameras are better or it is ultra-pixel? and if ultrapixel it equals how many megapixels?; i have htc one x its camera is 8mp, while htc one camera is 4mp, is that true and one x and samsung s4(13mp)cameras are better or it is ultra-pixel? and if ultrapixel it equals how many megapixels?
Fisch, 30 Sep 2013My phone is totally crashed. Can't restart at all. Now waiting to be send to repair.I see maybe the unit is defective.; I see maybe the unit is defective.
mc1958, 27 Sep 2013I have the HTC One for 4 months now. The phone is excellent but i face a big problem during ca... moreInstall call lock application from the market. Or check ur proximity sensor from the test screen; Install call lock application from the market. Or check ur proximity sensor from the test screen
after sales service is really very bad...camera result is v. poor, and within month i get problem in my Htc one phone camera and its 1 month gone still i didnt get my mobile back from company. plz dont buy HTC mobile.
 
 Thanks
 Dipen; after sales service is really very bad...camera result is v. poor, and within month i get problem in my Htc one phone camera and its 1 month gone still i didnt get my mobile back from company. plz dont buy HTC mobile.; Thanks; Dipen
The pictures i took with my htc one, of objects bit far are blury. Like took it from a VGA camera. Any one faced same problem? Any idea to fix?; The pictures i took with my htc one, of objects bit far are blury. Like took it from a VGA camera. Any one faced same problem? Any idea to fix?
Pol, 30 Sep 2013Try closing opened apps in the task manager. Turn off also auto sync. Clear cache and restart ... moreMy phone is totally crashed. Can't restart at all. Now waiting to be send to repair.; My phone is totally crashed. Can't restart at all. Now waiting to be send to repair.
Fisch, 28 Sep 2013I had used my HTC One for 4 months and now it's started being lag and slow response. And now i... moreTry closing opened apps in the task manager. Turn off also auto sync. Clear cache and restart your phone; Try closing opened apps in the task manager. Turn off also auto sync. Clear cache and restart your phone
Fisch, 28 Sep 2013I had used my HTC One for 4 months and now it's started being lag and slow response. And now i... moreI can help you.STOP talking bull____.; I can help you.STOP talking bull____.
and i get just one and it's so cool in all part best 2013 phone; and i get just one and it's so cool in all part best 2013 phone
htc one is a nice phone i had it and camera quality is super best mobile in the market; htc one is a nice phone i had it and camera quality is super best mobile in the market
I own a HTC One, I had Desire HD. The main reason was the build and premium feel of the OS that's denied in S4 and Sony Z, but Samsung has leaned it's lesson and their next flagship will be in a metal shell, so after that HTC will have no cards left to play. I do hope HTC also learns, improves the camera and utility software features.; I own a HTC One, I had Desire HD. The main reason was the build and premium feel of the OS that's denied in S4 and Sony Z, but Samsung has leaned it's lesson and their next flagship will be in a metal shell, so after that HTC will have no cards left to play. I do hope HTC also learns, improves the camera and utility software features.
Maxx, 29 Sep 2013I can help you.STOP talking bull____.How you can help me? Don't judge me when you know nth.; How you can help me? Don't judge me when you know nth.
I am getting my 3de HTC ONE , all of them camera problems; I am getting my 3de HTC ONE , all of them camera problems
Fisch, 28 Sep 2013I had used my HTC One for 4 months and now it's started being lag and slow response. And now i... moreI can help you.STOP talking bull____.; I can help you.STOP talking bull____.
the camera is a let down; the camera is a let down
steven, 28 Sep 2013The best way to waste money.. small screen and worst camera. Please don't judge about HTC One until you own a One and stop trolling here.; Please don't judge about HTC One until you own a One and stop trolling here.
harish zzz, 27 Sep 2013I hav a prob wid de cam! all of a sudden am not getting the view of the shot that am about to ... moreDo a hard boot. Hold down the power button and watch for the countdown on the screen. Power up again and your camera should have returned to normal.; Do a hard boot. Hold down the power button and watch for the countdown on the screen. Power up again and your camera should have returned to normal.
steven, 28 Sep 2013The best way to waste money.. small screen and worst camera. You are wrong !!!
 
 HTC One has
 
 1)Best stereo front speakers
 2)Amazing display, even better than SUPER AMOLED
 3)Snappy & stable UI (Sense 5, much better than TOUCHWIZ
 
 You call that waste of money ???
 
 Even it does not has the best camera, definitely its not the worst camera !!!
 
 You are sooooooo wrong !!!!!!!; You are wrong !!!; HTC One has; 1)Best stereo front speakers; 2)Amazing display, even better than SUPER AMOLED; 3)Snappy & stable UI (Sense 5, much better than TOUCHWIZ; You call that waste of money ???; Even it does not has the best camera, definitely its not the worst camera !!!; You are sooooooo wrong !!!!!!!
venomousmir, 28 Sep 2013Dear HTC please work on ur ZOOM in features of cam as the pixel drops alot . Rest all is PERFE... morei agree; i agree
steven, 28 Sep 2013The best way to waste money.. small screen and worst camera. the best phone you can buy in this time best size best apparent great display super great Loudspeaker 
 best 2013 phone full pure body almi and super fast and very beauty inter face (sense) any guy buy are happy like me 
 i think you never see this phone and just say something; the best phone you can buy in this time best size best apparent great display super great Loudspeaker; best 2013 phone full pure body almi and super fast and very beauty inter face (sense) any guy buy are happy like me; i think you never see this phone and just say something
I had used my HTC One for 4 months and now it's started being lag and slow response. And now it turned to sudden switched off automatically and i can't restart it with any efforts. can anybody tell me what to do?; I had used my HTC One for 4 months and now it's started being lag and slow response. And now it turned to sudden switched off automatically and i can't restart it with any efforts. can anybody tell me what to do?
Sizwe, 28 Sep 2013Learn to be satiated 4 ultra pixel competes with 13mp.. If you use s4 camera you'll feel that ... moreBest phone; Best phone
The best way to waste money.. small screen and worst camera.; The best way to waste money.. small screen and worst camera.
Dear HTC please work on ur ZOOM in features of cam as the pixel drops alot . Rest all is PERFECT ! 
 
 GOOGLE MUST MAKE THE NEXT NEXUS with HTC !; Dear HTC please work on ur ZOOM in features of cam as the pixel drops alot . Rest all is PERFECT !; GOOGLE MUST MAKE THE NEXT NEXUS with HTC !
harish zzz, 27 Sep 2013I hav a prob wid de cam! all of a sudden am not getting the view of the shot that am about to ... moreChill Man; Chill Man
Waleeeed, 26 Sep 2013I love htc and but i want ask why htc don't want put big battery in all phones. Please htc you... morewhat can a person achieve on the life if he compares himself with others. LEARN TO BE SATIATED. The next thing. you'll want HTC to use Octa Core Or 64bit CPU or 4k videos. There's no perfection in smartphones deal with it, or else buy 3310. HTC One is the phone of the year. It has numerous accolades under its belt. Let's give credit where it's due. S4 is not sell well because of HTC One. AT HOME WE USE NOTHING BUT HTC PRODUCTS; what can a person achieve on the life if he compares himself with others. LEARN TO BE SATIATED. The next thing. you'll want HTC to use Octa Core Or 64bit CPU or 4k videos. There's no perfection in smartphones deal with it, or else buy 3310. HTC One is the phone of the year. It has numerous accolades under its belt. Let's give credit where it's due. S4 is not sell well because of HTC One. AT HOME WE USE NOTHING BUT HTC PRODUCTS
moji jon, 27 Sep 2013dear htc i love your one i have silver and if you make an 8MP ultra pixel i buy another one ... moreLearn to be satiated 4 ultra pixel competes with 13mp.. If you use s4 camera you'll feel that iPhone 5 camera is better & if you use Z1 you'll feel the other phone camera is better. Rather buy camera yourself separately. 4 UP I find it awesome; Learn to be satiated 4 ultra pixel competes with 13mp.. If you use s4 camera you'll feel that iPhone 5 camera is better & if you use Z1 you'll feel the other phone camera is better. Rather buy camera yourself separately. 4 UP I find it awesome
pogz, 27 Sep 2013yah, did any HTC One international version owners got the 4.3 updatenot yet :\; not yet :\
got update 4.3 today over wifi; got update 4.3 today over wifi
dear htc i love your one i have silver and if you make an 8MP ultra pixel i buy another one (or 13 MP not ultra ); dear htc i love your one i have silver and if you make an 8MP ultra pixel i buy another one (or 13 MP not ultra )
does it support USB on-the-go?; does it support USB on-the-go?
its not 4mp its 4 ulta pexile which equalsabout 13mp; its not 4mp its 4 ulta pexile which equalsabout 13mp
Any official release date for update to 4.3?; Any official release date for update to 4.3?
why is HTC one still the phone to beat this year 2013? I am a proud owner of this beast and I just dont see any pretender phone coming even close in the coming year, not even within the HTC family.; why is HTC one still the phone to beat this year 2013? I am a proud owner of this beast and I just dont see any pretender phone coming even close in the coming year, not even within the HTC family.
Limbtz, 27 Sep 2013is anyone out there got 4.3?none in the philippines yet; none in the philippines yet
I have the HTC One for 4 months now. The phone is excellent but i face a big problem during call the phone is going many times to airplane mode and sometimes close the conversation. Does anyone have a solution??????????; I have the HTC One for 4 months now. The phone is excellent but i face a big problem during call the phone is going many times to airplane mode and sometimes close the conversation. Does anyone have a solution??????????
hello everybody,
 can anybody tell me is there any feature like sire/voice command ??
 please , hurry !
 
 
 thanks a lot; hello everybody,; can anybody tell me is there any feature like sire/voice command ??; please , hurry !; thanks a lot
I hav a prob wid de cam! all of a sudden am not getting the view of the shot that am about to take.. once i open the cam the screen freezes. but if i click the photo capture button it does take a shot! am unable to c in de phone wat i'm taking!!!! anybody facing similar problem? wats de solution?!?!; I hav a prob wid de cam! all of a sudden am not getting the view of the shot that am about to take.. once i open the cam the screen freezes. but if i click the photo capture button it does take a shot! am unable to c in de phone wat i'm taking!!!! anybody facing similar problem? wats de solution?!?!
This phone is a beast. No real complaints it runs so smooth, fast, pix are great, it's loud, crisp screeb...HTC one >iPhone5s; This phone is a beast. No real complaints it runs so smooth, fast, pix are great, it's loud, crisp screeb...HTC one >iPhone5s
Limbtz, 27 Sep 2013is anyone out there got 4.3?yah, did any HTC One international version owners got the 4.3 update; yah, did any HTC One international version owners got the 4.3 update
is anyone out there got 4.3?; is anyone out there got 4.3?
I also bought HTC in malaysia, really love the phone but unfortunately there are problem on the camera. So send back for replacement but so far still no news from HTC service centre, really suck.; I also bought HTC in malaysia, really love the phone but unfortunately there are problem on the camera. So send back for replacement but so far still no news from HTC service centre, really suck.
Love d phone, picture quality is too good and touch too ;); Love d phone, picture quality is too good and touch too ;)
Chebulla, 26 Sep 2013Go buy the HTC Butterfly S then. It's battery is even bigger than the one in the LG G2. ;)Htc butterfly s is not international phone only for Asia market. And olso is not like htc one very heavy and plastic material. I ask myself why htc don't put the battery in butterfly s in htc one it's very strange. if htc want comeback to the market they must make big battery; Htc butterfly s is not international phone only for Asia market. And olso is not like htc one very heavy and plastic material. I ask myself why htc don't put the battery in butterfly s in htc one it's very strange. if htc want comeback to the market they must make big battery
Chebulla, 26 Sep 2013Go buy the HTC Butterfly S then. It's battery is even bigger than the one in the LG G2. ;)Htc butterfly s is not international phone only for Asia market. And olso is not like htc one very heavy and plastic material. I ask myself why htc don't put the battery in butterfly s in htc one it's very strange. if htc want comeback to the market they must make big battery; Htc butterfly s is not international phone only for Asia market. And olso is not like htc one very heavy and plastic material. I ask myself why htc don't put the battery in butterfly s in htc one it's very strange. if htc want comeback to the market they must make big battery
Waleeeed, 26 Sep 2013I love htc and but i want ask why htc don't want put big battery in all phones. Please htc you... moreGo buy the HTC Butterfly S then. 
 It's battery is even bigger than the one in the LG G2. ;); Go buy the HTC Butterfly S then.; It's battery is even bigger than the one in the LG G2. ;)
Jack, 25 Sep 2013she loved my htc one, and my htc one mini ;)too bad ppl these days try to impress she with their mobile phone.. :P; too bad ppl these days try to impress she with their mobile phone.. :P
I love htc and but i want ask why htc don't want put big battery in all phones. Please htc you must care about battery because all users need good battery. U must listen to the people . I have my friend own lg g2 and no compare between htc one and lg g2 from the battery. lg g2 very very good battery. I don't want leave htc and go to another company because really i love htc. But htc must think what the people want. For me i want phaplet and strong battery. all users now looking for strong battery if i have strong phone hardware and software but battery poor i can't buy this product. And now i want say I think lg go to sell a lot of lg g2 because battery strong. Please htc listen to the users. U are the best htc; I love htc and but i want ask why htc don't want put big battery in all phones. Please htc you must care about battery because all users need good battery. U must listen to the people . I have my friend own lg g2 and no compare between htc one and lg g2 from the battery. lg g2 very very good battery. I don't want leave htc and go to another company because really i love htc. But htc must think what the people want. For me i want phaplet and strong battery. all users now looking for strong battery if i have strong phone hardware and software but battery poor i can't buy this product. And now i want say I think lg go to sell a lot of lg g2 because battery strong. Please htc listen to the users. U are the best htc
Hey!!!!!
 i love the htc one, its brilliant, with a massive screen great keyboard, and lovely sound!!
 Just one thing I dont like is not having the option to turn off the auto capital letter at the begining of every sentance. Slightly annoying, i used to have it until their was a software update. If htc could bring that back it would be great, and also different system fonts. That would be cool to!!! Other than that, phone is fantastic.; Hey!!!!!; i love the htc one, its brilliant, with a massive screen great keyboard, and lovely sound!!; Just one thing I dont like is not having the option to turn off the auto capital letter at the begining of every sentance. Slightly annoying, i used to have it until their was a software update. If htc could bring that back it would be great, and also different system fonts. That would be cool to!!! Other than that, phone is fantastic.
htc back again in the game and this time htc won; htc back again in the game and this time htc won
Jack, 25 Sep 2013she loved my htc one, and my htc one mini ;)Who is "she"?; Who is "she"?
cool; cool
she loved my htc one, and my htc one mini ;); she loved my htc one, and my htc one mini ;)
Sea-Breeze, 24 Sep 2013Best phone ever used. The night shots from the camera is unbelievable this phone puts new sta... moreno pink tint issue for you? lucky you!; no pink tint issue for you? lucky you!
HTC one is awesome smartphone I love it.and is the best phone ever.... Kip it up HTC; HTC one is awesome smartphone I love it.and is the best phone ever.... Kip it up HTC
we have best phone this year i'm prod; we have best phone this year i'm prod
Does HTC ONE original have 16gb storage? plis..i need an answer...; Does HTC ONE original have 16gb storage? plis..i need an answer...
Best phone ever used. The night shots from the camera is unbelievable this phone puts new standards in terms of quality materials and amazing amazing suberp display. From an x-user of note2 and s4; Best phone ever used. The night shots from the camera is unbelievable this phone puts new standards in terms of quality materials and amazing amazing suberp display. From an x-user of note2 and s4
best phone 2013 wow it's greatest phone in the world; best phone 2013 wow it's greatest phone in the world
Anonymous, 23 Sep 2013The flipcase is very slim, it is black with red suede-like lining on the inside. I think it is... moreI saw it... Wow! I like it..; I saw it... Wow! I like it..
pogz, 23 Sep 2013how's the double dip flipcase? I bought mine a GOOSPERY flip diary leather case black by Mercu... moreThe flipcase is very slim, it is black with red suede-like lining on the inside. I think it is the best cover for this machine.; The flipcase is very slim, it is black with red suede-like lining on the inside. I think it is the best cover for this machine.
Wale, 23 Sep 2013Bought mine at DSCL Ikeja, got the HTC One double dip flipcase and Hardshell case from mobilef... morehow's the double dip flipcase? I bought mine a GOOSPERY flip diary leather case black by Mercury... cool!; how's the double dip flipcase? I bought mine a GOOSPERY flip diary leather case black by Mercury... cool!
Techno J., 23 Sep 2013HTC Sense is the most user-friendly UI of the Android phones. It's maybe you are adopted to th... more+1... yah! Sense 5 is the best!! no lag even on heavy use..; +1... yah! Sense 5 is the best!! no lag even on heavy use..
pogz, 23 Sep 2013104,000Ngn in EFFECT ikeja, comp village.. don't update to 4.2 if you don't want pink effect i... moreBought mine at DSCL Ikeja, got the HTC One double dip flipcase and Hardshell case from mobilefun UK. The phone is a stunner and a mark of class distinction.; Bought mine at DSCL Ikeja, got the HTC One double dip flipcase and Hardshell case from mobilefun UK. The phone is a stunner and a mark of class distinction.
OMG! y is the primary camera so less and y is more power put in front camera! i mean even xperia U has a 5mp primary camera...atleast 8mp would've worked...but the processor is really high and good....; OMG! y is the primary camera so less and y is more power put in front camera! i mean even xperia U has a 5mp primary camera...atleast 8mp would've worked...but the processor is really high and good....
Xalman, 23 Sep 2013I have this phone with me since One month. Previously I was Samsung Galaxy S2 user. PROS... moreHTC Sense is the most user-friendly UI of the Android phones. It's maybe you are adopted to the Samsung Touchwiz. That's why you feel the HTC Sense is quite unfamiliar.; HTC Sense is the most user-friendly UI of the Android phones. It's maybe you are adopted to the Samsung Touchwiz. That's why you feel the HTC Sense is quite unfamiliar.
Lanre , 23 Sep 2013Thanks, pls how good is the battery?I say it's depend on how you use it... for me as a normal user, I end up 18hrs, frm 100% to 20%, then I start charging before I sleep maybe around 11pm.. without turning off data signal, no WiFi. if you are heavy user, it will not last up to 10hrs; I say it's depend on how you use it... for me as a normal user, I end up 18hrs, frm 100% to 20%, then I start charging before I sleep maybe around 11pm.. without turning off data signal, no WiFi. if you are heavy user, it will not last up to 10hrs
pogz, 23 Sep 2013104,000Ngn in EFFECT ikeja, comp village.. don't update to 4.2 if you don't want pink effect i... moreThanks, pls how good is the battery?; Thanks, pls how good is the battery?
Lanre , 22 Sep 2013Thanks, pls how much is the phone now in Lagos?. And ar u assuring me that the pinkish tint is... more104,000Ngn in EFFECT ikeja, comp village.. don't update to 4.2 if you don't want pink effect in camera, wait for 4.3; 104,000Ngn in EFFECT ikeja, comp village.. don't update to 4.2 if you don't want pink effect in camera, wait for 4.3
The camera is great in the dark compared to other phone cameras out there and HTC's ease of use is unparalleled.; The camera is great in the dark compared to other phone cameras out there and HTC's ease of use is unparalleled.
Andy, 22 Sep 2013Guys i m not aware of what ultra pixel means I mean hws the camera at night time,,i m going t... moreAndy,
 
 Camera produces good result in "Good Light" conditions.
 
 However, at night , it's just like any other mobile phone camera. Just average at night time!
 
 
 Also, HTC One is not that much user friendly, I switched from Samsung S2 to HTC One and found it quite hard.
 Hope it helps!; Andy,; Camera produces good result in "Good Light" conditions.; However, at night , it's just like any other mobile phone camera. Just average at night time!; Also, HTC One is not that much user friendly, I switched from Samsung S2 to HTC One and found it quite hard.; Hope it helps!
I have this phone with me since One month.
 
 Previously I was Samsung Galaxy S2 user.
 
 PROS:
 -Well HTC One phone is definitely very nice in its looks
 -HTC Zoe is a new feature which creates an auto video compiled from your gallery, you can set the theme and music. It really puts life to image gallery of your 
 phone
 -Camera is very nice in good light conditions but at night its just an average one
 -Under Original OS, performance was quite good. I went for upgrade then the performance went down a little
 -Its got a new feature which is like a dashboard of your selected apps like facebook, twitter, CNN etc etc
 -Audio beats put really a great audio quality in listening music. You can forget IPOD after having this
 
 Cons
 -Battery dries out very quickly if wifi or data mode is enabled. I have to charge it two times a day if I am using wifi regularly in a day
 -Night Time Camera result is not great and its just like an other mobile camera which performs poorly at night
 - Definitely it lacks an ease of use. You need to read tutorials to know about specific functionality. E.g. You need to remember two fingers swipe and three fingers swipe on specific functionality will yield you different results. My gosh , it lacks keep it simple strategy definitely.
 -Annoying home button on right side, you keep unintentionally touching it when typing a message and it goes to home screen, happens a lot of times with me.
 -Phone Book is not that user friendly to maintain.
 -Its keyboard is very bad in typing; My thinking is if one's feeling with keyboard is not good then feeling with phone can't be nicer.
 
 
 
 Overall, due to less user friendly, this phone will get 6.5/10.
 
 From user friendly perspective, Samsung wins over HTC One any time!; I have this phone with me since One month.; Previously I was Samsung Galaxy S2 user.; PROS:; -Well HTC One phone is definitely very nice in its looks; -HTC Zoe is a new feature which creates an auto video compiled from your gallery, you can set the theme and music. It really puts life to image gallery of your; phone; -Camera is very nice in good light conditions but at night its just an average one; -Under Original OS, performance was quite good. I went for upgrade then the performance went down a little; -Its got a new feature which is like a dashboard of your selected apps like facebook, twitter, CNN etc etc; -Audio beats put really a great audio quality in listening music. You can forget IPOD after having this; Cons; -Battery dries out very quickly if wifi or data mode is enabled. I have to charge it two times a day if I am using wifi regularly in a day; -Night Time Camera result is not great and its just like an other mobile camera which performs poorly at night; - Definitely it lacks an ease of use. You need to read tutorials to know about specific functionality. E.g. You need to remember two fingers swipe and three fingers swipe on specific functionality will yield you different results. My gosh , it lacks keep it simple strategy definitely.; -Annoying home button on right side, you keep unintentionally touching it when typing a message and it goes to home screen, happens a lot of times with me.; -Phone Book is not that user friendly to maintain.; -Its keyboard is very bad in typing; My thinking is if one's feeling with keyboard is not good then feeling with phone can't be nicer.; Overall, due to less user friendly, this phone will get 6.5/10.; From user friendly perspective, Samsung wins over HTC One any time!
RV, 23 Sep 2013Can I have HTC One for free? I really love this phone because of it's cool design and awesome ... moreAre you serious?????; Are you serious?????
Camera is just ok in dark
 
 In good light, its result is good.
 
 There is no such extra special about ultra mega pixel camera.; Camera is just ok in dark; In good light, its result is good.; There is no such extra special about ultra mega pixel camera.
Andy, 22 Sep 2013Guys wat does ultra pixel means,,,hows the camera in dark?? I am here to buy a new phn I lik... moreI'm having my HTC One & used it for more than 2 weeks now...
 
 Both Galaxy S4 & HTC One come with great display, u dun need to worry about this... but...
 
 I can say Galaxy S4 has a better camera & stronger battery...
 
 HTC One has amazing front stereo speakers that no other phones can beat & more stable UI (Sense 5)...
 
 Think about the above points & make your decision... which 1 is more important to u... is your choice...; I'm having my HTC One & used it for more than 2 weeks now...; Both Galaxy S4 & HTC One come with great display, u dun need to worry about this... but...; I can say Galaxy S4 has a better camera & stronger battery...; HTC One has amazing front stereo speakers that no other phones can beat & more stable UI (Sense 5)...; Think about the above points & make your decision... which 1 is more important to u... is your choice...
Can I have HTC One for free? I really love this phone because of it's cool design and awesome specs! Can someone lend me this stuff; Can I have HTC One for free? I really love this phone because of it's cool design and awesome specs! Can someone lend me this stuff
Nice phone. Jumia Nigeria sells for 101,995 Naira.; Nice phone. Jumia Nigeria sells for 101,995 Naira.
Andy, 22 Sep 2013Guys wat does ultra pixel means,,,hows the camera in dark?? I am here to buy a new phn I lik... morethats a humdrum query..; thats a humdrum query..
Anonymous, 19 Feb 2013LG Optimus G Pro is better 3,140 mAh REMOVABLE BATTERY. BIG SCREEN! Qualcomm Snapdragon ... moremurkh,will u use your phone without batteries or will u keep on replaciniwg day in and day out.Lg worst phone in market,seems u hv bough a washing machine frm them and trusted them for a promising fone..; murkh,will u use your phone without batteries or will u keep on replaciniwg day in and day out.Lg worst phone in market,seems u hv bough a washing machine frm them and trusted them for a promising fone..
austor, 22 Sep 2013The pinkish tint is not a problem at all with the new update 4.3 should resolve that. The is 9... moreslot didn't have stock of HTC one. some guys there tried to confuse one x for the real thing. I finally got mine at micro solutions in insha for 108k.; slot didn't have stock of HTC one. some guys there tried to confuse one x for the real thing. I finally got mine at micro solutions in insha for 108k.
austor, 22 Sep 2013The pinkish tint is not a problem at all with the new update 4.3 should resolve that. The is 9... more Ok. Thanks; Ok. Thanks
Lanre , 22 Sep 2013Thanks, pls how much is the phone now in Lagos?. And ar u assuring me that the pinkish tint is... moreThe pinkish tint is not a problem at all with the new update 4.3 should resolve that. The is 99k @ affordables & 110k @ slot.; The pinkish tint is not a problem at all with the new update 4.3 should resolve that. The is 99k @ affordables & 110k @ slot.
austor, 21 Sep 2013Yah camera has pinkish stuff on d Screen in dark when snapping but during d phone is excellent... moreThanks, pls how much is the phone now in Lagos?. And ar u assuring me that the pinkish tint issue is not a big problem?; Thanks, pls how much is the phone now in Lagos?. And ar u assuring me that the pinkish tint issue is not a big problem?
Is there any problem in HTC one Dual sim phone? I mean technical problem in operation.; Is there any problem in HTC one Dual sim phone? I mean technical problem in operation.
Guys wat does ultra pixel means,,,hows the camera in dark?? I am here to buy a new phn
 I liked htc one cz of its looks and strong built,,samsung s4 has bettr camera?; Guys wat does ultra pixel means,,,hows the camera in dark?? I am here to buy a new phn; I liked htc one cz of its looks and strong built,,samsung s4 has bettr camera?
Guys i m not aware of what ultra pixel means
 I mean hws the camera at night time,,i m going to buy a new phone in coupl of days,,samsung s4 has a good camera as well bt m more focused towards htc coz of its metal build and it has awsm sound,,note 3 is huge fr me; Guys i m not aware of what ultra pixel means; I mean hws the camera at night time,,i m going to buy a new phone in coupl of days,,samsung s4 has a good camera as well bt m more focused towards htc coz of its metal build and it has awsm sound,,note 3 is huge fr me
why does my htc one not play some of my cds 
 it says unable to play this type of audio file
 cds that i have put on any other phone i have had; why does my htc one not play some of my cds; it says unable to play this type of audio file; cds that i have put on any other phone i have had
some of my cds do not play on my htc one why says unable to play this type of audio file; some of my cds do not play on my htc one why says unable to play this type of audio file
Lanre , 21 Sep 2013Gud to hear that u ar from 9ja, pls ar u facing any problem with the camera?, where did u buy ... moreYah camera has pinkish stuff on d Screen in dark when snapping but during d phone is excellent when snapping but not bad in low light area.1 thing I discovered is that charging d phone with direct current d battery stays longer compare to charging with PC.I got it @ affordables @ ikeja.above all HTC ONE is a must have phone.I luv it,its more than life companion.; Yah camera has pinkish stuff on d Screen in dark when snapping but during d phone is excellent when snapping but not bad in low light area.1 thing I discovered is that charging d phone with direct current d battery stays longer compare to charging with PC.I got it @ affordables @ ikeja.above all HTC ONE is a must have phone.I luv it,its more than life companion.
what happened to this phone (HTC one 801e single sim model)in Indian market ?
 why it is withdrawn from all Indian online stores ?; what happened to this phone (HTC one 801e single sim model)in Indian market ?; why it is withdrawn from all Indian online stores ?
austor, 20 Sep 2013Htc one rock well in nigeria.works with all the network.the only short fall of this phone is t... moreGud to hear that u ar from 9ja, pls ar u facing any problem with the camera?, where did u buy ur own and how much?, how long the battery last for u?. Pls I need ur response thanks. Am also from 9ja; Gud to hear that u ar from 9ja, pls ar u facing any problem with the camera?, where did u buy ur own and how much?, how long the battery last for u?. Pls I need ur response thanks. Am also from 9ja
Best smart phone I've had so far. I was previously using Galaxy S3, iPhone 5. But this combines best of those devices. Great build quality, loud and clear sound, lovely display and a good software experience. This should be the Best Smart Phone of 2013.; Best smart phone I've had so far. I was previously using Galaxy S3, iPhone 5. But this combines best of those devices. Great build quality, loud and clear sound, lovely display and a good software experience. This should be the Best Smart Phone of 2013.
Dave K, 17 Sep 2013All shops in Mumbai, India have gone out of Stock with HTC one. Most Shop keepers telling that... moreout of stock in delhi too..purchased it at the right time..loving it but the purple tint sucks..; out of stock in delhi too..purchased it at the right time..loving it but the purple tint sucks..
atg717, 18 Sep 2013I don't understand how can a phone like htc one be out of stock in a city like mumbai. its har... moreYeah 
 in hyderabad also it is out of stock bcoz there are no customers for htc 
 no doubt its the world #1 cell bt there is no resale value 
 that is the only reason i switched to galaxy s4
 but your wish your choice thanx; Yeah; in hyderabad also it is out of stock bcoz there are no customers for htc; no doubt its the world #1 cell bt there is no resale value; that is the only reason i switched to galaxy s4; but your wish your choice thanx
One is undoubtedly awesome.great features than any other smartphones.nice camara,apps running very smoothly.me using it about 3 months.I can say only 4 it HTC ROCKS.; One is undoubtedly awesome.great features than any other smartphones.nice camara,apps running very smoothly.me using it about 3 months.I can say only 4 it HTC ROCKS.
I love this phone but won't buy because I got to have external memory so that I can save my private stuff form techs and other such people when handing over the phone. PRIVACY is always at stake with built in memory ONLY.; I love this phone but won't buy because I got to have external memory so that I can save my private stuff form techs and other such people when handing over the phone. PRIVACY is always at stake with built in memory ONLY.
i sleeping white my one; i sleeping white my one
Tanz1244, 20 Sep 2013Best phone of the year no doubtYes Brother, HTC One is the best selling Smartphone in US.
 
 http://www.amazon.com/Best-Sellers-Cell-Phones-Accessories-Contract/zgbs/wireless/2407747011 
 
 HTC One: European Advanced Smartphone 2013-2014
 
 http://www.eisa.eu/award/32/european-advanced-smartphone-2013-2014.html; Yes Brother, HTC One is the best selling Smartphone in US.; HTC One: European Advanced Smartphone 2013-2014
Best phone of the year no doubt; Best phone of the year no doubt
Htc one rock well in nigeria.works with all the network.the only short fall of this phone is the battery apart from that is an excellent phone.; Htc one rock well in nigeria.works with all the network.the only short fall of this phone is the battery apart from that is an excellent phone.
Jack, 19 Sep 2013Do you think HTC phil service center can accomodate our concern? Thats on thing that HTC headq... moreAgree; Agree
Nice device. guys which one do you suggest?:
 *Buy a HTC One Dual-Sim
 *Buy a HTC One Mini + a Google Nexus 7 Tablet; Nice device. guys which one do you suggest?:; *Buy a HTC One Dual-Sim; *Buy a HTC One Mini + a Google Nexus 7 Tablet
oushua, 16 Sep 2013everything about this device is great. it just the camera is totally $ux for the flagship devi... moreThe HTC One is equipped with a 4-megapixel rear-facing camera module that contains a custom UltraPixel image sensor, which is composed of pixels that are 2.0 m in size. While most high-end smartphones at the time of the One's release used 8- or 13-megapixel cameras, the size of the pixels in their sensors have ranged from 1.4 to 1.0 m, both of which are considerably smaller in size than that of the UltraPixel sensor.; The HTC One is equipped with a 4-megapixel rear-facing camera module that contains a custom UltraPixel image sensor, which is composed of pixels that are 2.0 m in size. While most high-end smartphones at the time of the One's release used 8- or 13-megapixel cameras, the size of the pixels in their sensors have ranged from 1.4 to 1.0 m, both of which are considerably smaller in size than that of the UltraPixel sensor.
ANES, 19 Sep 2013HTC service here in the philippines..it sucksHTC Customer care HTC service center in the Philippines is worst service center in the world.; HTC Customer care HTC service center in the Philippines is worst service center in the world.
As a loyal fan of HTC my wife is a loyal fan of iphone. I have just updated her iphone 5 its spectacular belief me guys. well done iphone. Any news for HTC One Max in South Africa? nonetheless, HTC for life no matter what; As a loyal fan of HTC my wife is a loyal fan of iphone. I have just updated her iphone 5 its spectacular belief me guys. well done iphone. Any news for HTC One Max in South Africa? nonetheless, HTC for life no matter what
As a loyal fan of HTC my wife is a loyal fan of iphone. I have just updated her iphone 5 its spectacular belief me guys. well done iphone. nonetheless, HTC for life no matter what; As a loyal fan of HTC my wife is a loyal fan of iphone. I have just updated her iphone 5 its spectacular belief me guys. well done iphone. nonetheless, HTC for life no matter what
pol, 18 Sep 2013really? the rumor about bad cust service here in the philippines is true then. i have also not... moreHTC service here in the philippines..it sucks; HTC service here in the philippines..it sucks
for your info its not a megapixel device,its an ultrapixel device.4ultrapixel camera i mean.; for your info its not a megapixel device,its an ultrapixel device.4ultrapixel camera i mean.
At first thought that BlickFeed is unnecessary, now can't live without it!!!; At first thought that BlickFeed is unnecessary, now can't live without it!!!
Ty G., 19 Sep 2013let's wait until the next promised software update.. if it doesn't fix the "pink tint&quo... moreDo you think HTC phil service center can accomodate our concern? Thats on thing that HTC headquarter should give much attention. HTC phil service center is so worst. Technicians are all MORONS!!!!!; Do you think HTC phil service center can accomodate our concern? Thats on thing that HTC headquarter should give much attention. HTC phil service center is so worst. Technicians are all MORONS!!!!!
pol, 18 Sep 2013really? the rumor about bad cust service here in the philippines is true then. i have also not... morelet's wait until the next promised software update.. if it doesn't fix the "pink tint" camera issue, then the so-called htc service center here in the philippines will have its hands full; let's wait until the next promised software update.. if it doesn't fix the "pink tint" camera issue, then the so-called htc service center here in the philippines will have its hands full
my only problem with this phone is the network provider here in Nigeria... hey! Mtn Nigeria make it faster!!!! oya oya!!!; my only problem with this phone is the network provider here in Nigeria... hey! Mtn Nigeria make it faster!!!! oya oya!!!
Jack, 17 Sep 2013You are right Buddy, Before I purchased an HTC Diamond 2. after several months of using it Th... morereally? the rumor about bad cust service here in the philippines is true then. i have also noticed that it has very few service centers unlike other brands.; really? the rumor about bad cust service here in the philippines is true then. i have also noticed that it has very few service centers unlike other brands.
leo, 15 Sep 2013htc one have a skype?It does have Skype just like any other Android.; It does have Skype just like any other Android.
Is anyone experiencing call drops?? not because of network but because of flight mode in the settings (notification bar actually) getting turned on as you hold your phone against your ear. And sometimes without any reason the cal is getting dropped.; Is anyone experiencing call drops?? not because of network but because of flight mode in the settings (notification bar actually) getting turned on as you hold your phone against your ear. And sometimes without any reason the cal is getting dropped.
Dave K, 17 Sep 2013All shops in Mumbai, India have gone out of Stock with HTC one. Most Shop keepers telling that... moreI don't understand how can a phone like htc one be out of stock in a city like mumbai. its hardly 7 or 8 months old.; I don't understand how can a phone like htc one be out of stock in a city like mumbai. its hardly 7 or 8 months old.
Dave K, 17 Sep 2013All shops in Mumbai, India have gone out of Stock with HTC one. Most Shop keepers telling that... moreYes this is very true....; Yes this is very true....
And now i will have to buy a s4 or nexus 4 :( the htc one dual sim price is unrealistic.; And now i will have to buy a s4 or nexus 4 :( the htc one dual sim price is unrealistic.
This is the best phone I've ever tried,
 
 From the cosmetics to performance.
 
 9/10 - Camera
 10/10 - Performance
 10/10 - Cosmetics
 8/10 - Battery life; This is the best phone I've ever tried,; From the cosmetics to performance.; 9/10 - Camera; 10/10 - Performance; 10/10 - Cosmetics; 8/10 - Battery life
kmp, 17 Sep 2013wtf luscious!! do u really need to repeat your comment??? I'm living somewhere in the village so network becomes problematic at sometimes. It wasn't intentional although I never saw many post from my side. cheers; I'm living somewhere in the village so network becomes problematic at sometimes. It wasn't intentional although I never saw many post from my side. cheers
All shops in Mumbai, India have gone out of Stock with HTC one. Most Shop keepers telling that HTC one dual sim is now the only available version. Is this True?; All shops in Mumbai, India have gone out of Stock with HTC one. Most Shop keepers telling that HTC one dual sim is now the only available version. Is this True?
SamuelMei, 16 Sep 2013Any of u guys have random reboot on HTC One? Mine is restarting itself with no reason. MeiBig lie.; Big lie.
antonio ada jr, 16 Sep 2013htc service center here in Philippines are very poor, and htc technician located in makati are... moreYou are right Buddy, Before I purchased an HTC Diamond 2. after several months of using it The speaker becomes defective. I called the HTC service center in Greenhills and the answer is Sir HTC speakers are really weak bring it to the service center and you will wait for three to repair it.; You are right Buddy, Before I purchased an HTC Diamond 2. after several months of using it The speaker becomes defective. I called the HTC service center in Greenhills and the answer is Sir HTC speakers are really weak bring it to the service center and you will wait for three to repair it.
antonio ada jr, 16 Sep 2013htc service center here in Philippines are very poor, and htc technician located in makati are... moreYou are right Buddy, Before I purchased an HTC Diamond 2. after several months of using it The speaker becomes defective. I called the HTC service center in Greenhills and the answer is Sir HTC speakers are really weak bring it to the service center and you will wait for three to repair it.; You are right Buddy, Before I purchased an HTC Diamond 2. after several months of using it The speaker becomes defective. I called the HTC service center in Greenhills and the answer is Sir HTC speakers are really weak bring it to the service center and you will wait for three to repair it.
wtf luscious!! do u really need to repeat your comment???; wtf luscious!! do u really need to repeat your comment???
Hey you is complaining bouts de crappy service in phillipines, what you learn to speaks ebglishes first befores complainings hey! and btw thats sarcasm.; Hey you is complaining bouts de crappy service in phillipines, what you learn to speaks ebglishes first befores complainings hey! and btw thats sarcasm.
antonio ada jr, 16 Sep 2013htc service center here in Philippines are very poor, and htc technician located in makati are... morewhat can you say if I tell you HTC in my vicinity is very helpful? throw your anger to your boss, don't come here to sarcasticate HTC with unilateral experience.; what can you say if I tell you HTC in my vicinity is very helpful? throw your anger to your boss, don't come here to sarcasticate HTC with unilateral experience.
Any of u guys have random reboot on HTC One?
 Mine is restarting itself with no reason.
 
 Mei; Any of u guys have random reboot on HTC One?; Mine is restarting itself with no reason.; Mei
everything about this device is great. it just the camera is totally $ux for the flagship device. 4mp..? r u kidding HTC?; everything about this device is great. it just the camera is totally $ux for the flagship device. 4mp..? r u kidding HTC?
htc service center here in Philippines are very poor, and htc technician located in makati are idiot too.. i said htc technician, so not all, because im a certified technician too. I said very poor because they cant provide the some small parts if missing, like volume control key, or mic, or earpiece, genuine batteries, protective case etc..... i have 2 htc mobile phone here, one is the htc desire s510e and the other one is htc sensation 4g, htc mobile is better than samsung when it comes to design and looks, very crispy and clear that is onething that i like... but what is looks, the design, the crisp if the phone is muted because some parts are missing, the only way to buy it is via online shop? hahaha... dont buy htc! unless they give it free..; htc service center here in Philippines are very poor, and htc technician located in makati are idiot too.. i said htc technician, so not all, because im a certified technician too. I said very poor because they cant provide the some small parts if missing, like volume control key, or mic, or earpiece, genuine batteries, protective case etc..... i have 2 htc mobile phone here, one is the htc desire s510e and the other one is htc sensation 4g, htc mobile is better than samsung when it comes to design and looks, very crispy and clear that is onething that i like... but what is looks, the design, the crisp if the phone is muted because some parts are missing, the only way to buy it is via online shop? hahaha... dont buy htc! unless they give it free..
best cell /-soo nice thing /-nice produdct /-; best cell /-soo nice thing /-nice produdct /-
kou, 15 Sep 2013what other phones in market packs a 1080 full hd display? plzz help me out!There are quite a few phone with full hd: Sgs 4, Lg G 2, sony xperia z and z1, oppo find 5, htc butterfly and butterfly s, lg optimus pro.; There are quite a few phone with full hd: Sgs 4, Lg G 2, sony xperia z and z1, oppo find 5, htc butterfly and butterfly s, lg optimus pro.
kou, 15 Sep 2013what other phones in market packs a 1080 full hd display? plzz help me out!There are quite a few phone with full hd: Sgs 4, Lg G 2, sony xperia z and z1, oppo find 5, htc butterfly and butterfly s, lg optimus pro.; There are quite a few phone with full hd: Sgs 4, Lg G 2, sony xperia z and z1, oppo find 5, htc butterfly and butterfly s, lg optimus pro.
I have been using this phone for abt 3 month and its so stable. No hang, no suddent heat, and i never ever need to reboot my phone except for after firmware updates. Camera is fast but 4mp is just not enough details for my usage. Speaker sound quality is superb, best of all mobile phone i've ever hear.; I have been using this phone for abt 3 month and its so stable. No hang, no suddent heat, and i never ever need to reboot my phone except for after firmware updates. Camera is fast but 4mp is just not enough details for my usage. Speaker sound quality is superb, best of all mobile phone i've ever hear.
I have been using this phone for abt 3 month and its so stable. No hang, no suddent heat, and i never ever need to reboot my phone except for after firmware updates. Camera is fast but 4mp is just not enough details for my usage. Speaker sound quality is superb, best of all mobile phone i've ever hear.; I have been using this phone for abt 3 month and its so stable. No hang, no suddent heat, and i never ever need to reboot my phone except for after firmware updates. Camera is fast but 4mp is just not enough details for my usage. Speaker sound quality is superb, best of all mobile phone i've ever hear.
This maybe a daft question but am due an upgrade very soon from a S2 (8MP Camera). How does the HTC One Camera compare to this. I note it is 4MP but ultra mega pixels ?; This maybe a daft question but am due an upgrade very soon from a S2 (8MP Camera). How does the HTC One Camera compare to this. I note it is 4MP but ultra mega pixels ?
what other phones in market packs a 1080 full hd display? plzz help me out!; what other phones in market packs a 1080 full hd display? plzz help me out!
htc one have a skype?; htc one have a skype?
Does it have LED notification?; Does it have LED notification?
it's the beast 
 king in all phones very lovely; it's the beast; king in all phones very lovely
It also has USB OTG (on-the-go) property (after 4.2.2 update if I'm not mistaken); It also has USB OTG (on-the-go) property (after 4.2.2 update if I'm not mistaken)
csadasasdasdasd, 15 Sep 2013can it run the newest android kitkat please reply its urgent We hope so:-) . From hw point of view it should be able to run kit kat.; We hope so:-) . From hw point of view it should be able to run kit kat.
I have been using this phone for abt 3 month and its so stable. No hang, no suddent heat, and i never ever need to reboot my phone except for after firmware updates. Camera is fast but 4mp is just not enough details for my usage. Speaker sound quality is superb, best of all mobile phone i've ever hear.; I have been using this phone for abt 3 month and its so stable. No hang, no suddent heat, and i never ever need to reboot my phone except for after firmware updates. Camera is fast but 4mp is just not enough details for my usage. Speaker sound quality is superb, best of all mobile phone i've ever hear.
I went into carphone wharehouse to check this awesome looking metal bodied phone out. I decided to buy. but first I got the guy to show me the volume on both mini and standard.
 mini sounded like cats screaming. so it was a no no as I listen to audio books and music while on my gym. 
 I showed me big phone. the sound was good much better than the mini.
 so my friend that was with me was looking at the Lumia 925. I went up to see. I asked guy to let me hear it .
 I have to admit it the nokia had the edge.
 after already using a 920 I felt I wanted a change but.
 so im holding off to 25th the Lumia 1020. packs all the punches.; I went into carphone wharehouse to check this awesome looking metal bodied phone out. I decided to buy. but first I got the guy to show me the volume on both mini and standard.; mini sounded like cats screaming. so it was a no no as I listen to audio books and music while on my gym.; I showed me big phone. the sound was good much better than the mini.; so my friend that was with me was looking at the Lumia 925. I went up to see. I asked guy to let me hear it .; I have to admit it the nokia had the edge.; after already using a 920 I felt I wanted a change but.; so im holding off to 25th the Lumia 1020. packs all the punches.
younus , 14 Sep 2013In last 20 days while sleeping i forget to remove my htc one from charging n next day morning ... moreI will say NO. I think your battery is just fine but try not to leave it in the future that much. It is better to prevent any issues with the battery but i would say that at present will go as normal. Li-ion or li-polimer have some protection to overcharging and overheating and should be ok.
 But if you will go like this for 3-6 months in the row then some damage could result to your phone's battery.
 For now enjoynyour phone.; I will say NO. I think your battery is just fine but try not to leave it in the future that much. It is better to prevent any issues with the battery but i would say that at present will go as normal. Li-ion or li-polimer have some protection to overcharging and overheating and should be ok.; But if you will go like this for 3-6 months in the row then some damage could result to your phone's battery.; For now enjoynyour phone.
jack, 14 Sep 2013Mine is so easy to put on or to put off.try to bring it to htc service center near you.Thank you. I have decided to send it to service. There were several report of power button that is sunk.
 I am a bit dissapointed because i won't have it for a while.
 Have a nice day.; Thank you. I have decided to send it to service. There were several report of power button that is sunk.; I am a bit dissapointed because i won't have it for a while.; Have a nice day.
its awsm phn with great features... dont buy samsung phn.. only & only htc are the best phns...; its awsm phn with great features... dont buy samsung phn.. only & only htc are the best phns...
Used HTC One for more than a week now...
 
 Very happy with it & love it very much!!!
 
 Downloaded Eternity Warriors 2 & play, very impressive!!! Nice display, smooth & great sound!!!
 
 Highly recommend HTC One to everybody...; Used HTC One for more than a week now...; Very happy with it & love it very much!!!; Downloaded Eternity Warriors 2 & play, very impressive!!! Nice display, smooth & great sound!!!; Highly recommend HTC One to everybody...
can it run the newest android kitkat please reply its urgent; can it run the newest android kitkat please reply its urgent
can it run the newest android kitkat please reply; can it run the newest android kitkat please reply
OceanicBananas, 13 Sep 2013Define not being able to Skype.I said that can do skype:-); I said that can do skype:-)
does this phone have flash?; does this phone have flash?
I am not getting the OTA update for 4.2.2 on my htc one i have the internation version bought brand new 3days ago please help m from pakistan ...my elder brother also have htc one international version he got the OTA update for 4.2.2 in june and he updated his phone ...please help me with my problem thanx in advance...; I am not getting the OTA update for 4.2.2 on my htc one i have the internation version bought brand new 3days ago please help m from pakistan ...my elder brother also have htc one international version he got the OTA update for 4.2.2 in june and he updated his phone ...please help me with my problem thanx in advance...
guys i need to know something .....how to be a mobile reviewer in any website in world ??????; guys i need to know something .....how to be a mobile reviewer in any website in world ??????
Loooove this phone; Loooove this phone
Any news on the HTC One Plus with a snapdragon 800 and a higher battery?; Any news on the HTC One Plus with a snapdragon 800 and a higher battery?
Amazing phone. Could have not wished for a better purchase. Camera features are awsome; Amazing phone. Could have not wished for a better purchase. Camera features are awsome
nickysor, 14 Sep 2013Does anyone has issues with the power button? Mine is kind hard to feel and press. My firend o... moreMine is so easy to put on or to put off.try to bring it to htc service center near you.; Mine is so easy to put on or to put off.try to bring it to htc service center near you.
In last 20 days while sleeping i forget to remove my htc one from charging n next day morning im removing ... And it happens 5 -6 times . My question is did my battery get slow down nw ??? My htc one is brand new n one month old ... Plzx reply me ......; In last 20 days while sleeping i forget to remove my htc one from charging n next day morning im removing ... And it happens 5 -6 times . My question is did my battery get slow down nw ??? My htc one is brand new n one month old ... Plzx reply me ......
Does anyone has issues with the power button? Mine is kind hard to feel and press. My firend of mine that has also an htc has a better power button, much easier to feel and press. Should i worry about it?
 
 Thanks; Does anyone has issues with the power button? Mine is kind hard to feel and press. My firend of mine that has also an htc has a better power button, much easier to feel and press. Should i worry about it?; Thanks
Ophiel, 13 Sep 2013You CAN perfectly Skype with the HTC One, I've done it loads of times. So please don't provide... moreIf you will read again my comment it is exactly what i have written. Please be more careful when reading. " it can do skype..."; If you will read again my comment it is exactly what i have written. Please be more careful when reading. " it can do skype..."
poinsettia9, 11 Sep 2013Guys, it's a no-brainer. SG4 is the leading smartphones specs wise. They are not perfect but t... moreThen go for HTC Butterfly S. better battery, have a sd slot. other specs are the same like HTC One. except for the design. :(; Then go for HTC Butterfly S. better battery, have a sd slot. other specs are the same like HTC One. except for the design. :(
nickysor, 13 Sep 2013I t can do skype. My2 year old zte tablet can do skype:-) It is silver, not white. Kind of... moreDefine not being able to Skype.; Define not being able to Skype.
i use swipe in this baby and it's work great so are you ........g fan; i use swipe in this baby and it's work great so are you ........g fan
nickysor, 13 Sep 2013I t can do skype. My2 year old zte tablet can do skype:-) It is silver, not white. Kind of... moreYou CAN perfectly Skype with the HTC One, I've done it loads of times. So please don't provide false information about this phone.; You CAN perfectly Skype with the HTC One, I've done it loads of times. So please don't provide false information about this phone.
Preet, 11 Sep 2013Can any one help me and tell which one is good phone iphone 5 or HTC oneBoth are good phones. Fast ones, good looking, so
 
 Problem is what do you like? A smaller or larger phone? An personalisable system or a relative limited in term of perdonslisation system?you want to buy music or to transfer it? ...
 
 Best of luck!; Both are good phones. Fast ones, good looking, so; Problem is what do you like? A smaller or larger phone? An personalisable system or a relative limited in term of perdonslisation system?you want to buy music or to transfer it? ...; Best of luck!
dreezy, 12 Sep 2013I really love this handheld, I only need to know two more things before I can buy it, please f... moreI t can do skype. My2 year old zte tablet can do skype:-) 
 
 It is silver, not white. Kind of natural colour of the aluminium.
 
 There are also: black, red, blue and gold version ( on the way)
 
 Good luck!; I t can do skype. My2 year old zte tablet can do skype:-); It is silver, not white. Kind of natural colour of the aluminium.; There are also: black, red, blue and gold version ( on the way); Good luck!
andy, 12 Sep 2013hey gys plz advise me what phone to buy htc one or S4?..M USING AN IPHONE 4S Now..but not happ... moreAndy, go to the store and hold them into your hands, play a little whit both phones. I have an Htc One (for 3 days now :)). 
 Both phones are fast, sgs 4 is a tad faster, has more sw tricks, but misses the look and desireaility of htc in my opinion.
 Sgs has a better camera and battery but there are more issues with sw stability, as far as i have red on the forums ( lagging in certain apps, force closings, battery drainage,so).
 
 Please keep in mind that Htc One isn't perfect too.
 I hope you will be happy after the purchase:-); Andy, go to the store and hold them into your hands, play a little whit both phones. I have an Htc One (for 3 days now :)).; Both phones are fast, sgs 4 is a tad faster, has more sw tricks, but misses the look and desireaility of htc in my opinion.; Sgs has a better camera and battery but there are more issues with sw stability, as far as i have red on the forums ( lagging in certain apps, force closings, battery drainage,so).; Please keep in mind that Htc One isn't perfect too.; I hope you will be happy after the purchase:-)
Ace, 10 Sep 2013When your playing a games, is this phone is overheating? please reply thanksThanks; Thanks
Yesterday, i have received a small sw update. The package was 30-40 MB and i don't know what ir does. Something about google+ mini or something. The android version is the same 4.2.2. I have a silver Htc One locked by Vodafone Romania.
 Have a nice day.; Yesterday, i have received a small sw update. The package was 30-40 MB and i don't know what ir does. Something about google+ mini or something. The android version is the same 4.2.2. I have a silver Htc One locked by Vodafone Romania.; Have a nice day.
i'm using the HTC ONE after iphone 5 , it really sounds very good, have excellent camera, lots of memory space to use, processing is also very fine, it gives more taste on 3G network...............; i'm using the HTC ONE after iphone 5 , it really sounds very good, have excellent camera, lots of memory space to use, processing is also very fine, it gives more taste on 3G network...............
wow!excellent
 except power key location.
 awsome mobile .next one year no one can beat ONE.; wow!excellent; except power key location.; awsome mobile .next one year no one can beat ONE.
Having problem with camera in low light.Shows pinkish color while capturing images.; Having problem with camera in low light.Shows pinkish color while capturing images.
xMeLLo, 12 Sep 2013Well, it all comes down to what you want your phone to do. For me personally why i stood awa... moreI concur with your views in totality sir.; I concur with your views in totality sir.
Htc one got issues with its camera now.
 I hope htc will fix this..
 But i wonder if its related to hardware or software problem.
 Many user report that the camera when capturing in certain low light condition..the image got some pinkish color to it..
 I hope that htc will fix this on the next update.; Htc one got issues with its camera now.; I hope htc will fix this..; But i wonder if its related to hardware or software problem.; Many user report that the camera when capturing in certain low light condition..the image got some pinkish color to it..; I hope that htc will fix this on the next update.
i had iphone 5 but i noticed battery drains alot quicker i have now purchased htc one and hopefully im going to keep this phone :)
 
 i would say htc one better than iphone 5
 
 camera of iphone 5 is very bad; i had iphone 5 but i noticed battery drains alot quicker i have now purchased htc one and hopefully im going to keep this phone :); i would say htc one better than iphone 5; camera of iphone 5 is very bad
Preet, 11 Sep 2013Can any one help me and tell which one is good phone iphone 5 or HTC oneHtc is almost 5 times better than iphone5 but htc has low Internet but its also beatiful; Htc is almost 5 times better than iphone5 but htc has low Internet but its also beatiful
Preet, 11 Sep 2013Can any one help me and tell which one is good phone iphone 5 or HTC oneWell, it all comes down to what you want your phone to do. 
 For me personally why i stood away from apple product is mainly on a few things such as the limitation to fully customize the phone without the need for jailbreak, Downloading free music without having to go through iTunes, Play Videos etc etc.
 
 But the main reason i like HTC One will be due to its sound quality and feel when you touch it, i doubt you wouldn't want a phone that any tom dick or harry would be carrying. HTC One is mostly made for guys who prefers to multi task with their phone, camera quality wise is great... and lastly the screen is 1080p and has a LCD screen as well as 4.7" which is just nice for me... 
 
 iPhone would be too small for me and i have large hands so yeah...; Well, it all comes down to what you want your phone to do.; For me personally why i stood away from apple product is mainly on a few things such as the limitation to fully customize the phone without the need for jailbreak, Downloading free music without having to go through iTunes, Play Videos etc etc.; But the main reason i like HTC One will be due to its sound quality and feel when you touch it, i doubt you wouldn't want a phone that any tom dick or harry would be carrying. HTC One is mostly made for guys who prefers to multi task with their phone, camera quality wise is great... and lastly the screen is 1080p and has a LCD screen as well as 4.7" which is just nice for me...; iPhone would be too small for me and i have large hands so yeah...
hey gys plz advise me what phone to buy htc one or S4?..M USING AN IPHONE 4S Now..but not happy to see the same 5s again...; hey gys plz advise me what phone to buy htc one or S4?..M USING AN IPHONE 4S Now..but not happy to see the same 5s again...
I really love this handheld, I only need to know two more things before I can buy it, please friends does this phone Skye? And does it. Come in white because. I saw a couple of its pics Online and I know it comes in silver but a lot of them appeared white like one where it was compared wit a white S4 they were both in white. Please does it come in white? I'd appreciate a quick reply friends thank u.; I really love this handheld, I only need to know two more things before I can buy it, please friends does this phone Skye? And does it. Come in white because. I saw a couple of its pics Online and I know it comes in silver but a lot of them appeared white like one where it was compared wit a white S4 they were both in white. Please does it come in white? I'd appreciate a quick reply friends thank u.
Can any one help me and tell which one is good phone iphone 5 or HTC one; Can any one help me and tell which one is good phone iphone 5 or HTC one
I am a user of htc one. I got it yesterday. Probably the best looking phone i have ever had ( previously i have owned an htc one s, sgs II, htc desire, several nokias,so) and i have ever seen to my friends.
 As for the speed: internet isn't faster than htc one s, but the screen resolution is 4 times greater.
 
 Bads: no zero gaps at top and bottom and there is a slight issue (a line like a scratch, but i think it is because of aluminium treatment, an imperfection)
 
 For those who are thinking that bezels around the screen are too big, fear not. The overall design request this and blends excellents with the overall look of the phone.
 
 The sound and display are amazing. Sound is incredible for a mobile device and screen looks like is painted.
 
 After 2 days i can't give more details. It is charging relatively fast: 2h and 30 min aprox.; I am a user of htc one. I got it yesterday. Probably the best looking phone i have ever had ( previously i have owned an htc one s, sgs II, htc desire, several nokias,so) and i have ever seen to my friends.; As for the speed: internet isn't faster than htc one s, but the screen resolution is 4 times greater.; Bads: no zero gaps at top and bottom and there is a slight issue (a line like a scratch, but i think it is because of aluminium treatment, an imperfection); For those who are thinking that bezels around the screen are too big, fear not. The overall design request this and blends excellents with the overall look of the phone.; The sound and display are amazing. Sound is incredible for a mobile device and screen looks like is painted.; After 2 days i can't give more details. It is charging relatively fast: 2h and 30 min aprox.
delta frost, 10 Sep 2013theres any one there who can help me how to upgrade my htc one from 4.1.2 to 4.2.2?HTC says they will jump to 4.3 jb from 4.1,2 in @ the end of this month ( U S version ), don't know international. For those asking memory expansion, there is an optional feature you can use, like OTG cable to provide connection with your flash drive/memory card. Enjoy your fancy HTC One!!!; HTC says they will jump to 4.3 jb from 4.1,2 in @ the end of this month ( U S version ), don't know international. For those asking memory expansion, there is an optional feature you can use, like OTG cable to provide connection with your flash drive/memory card. Enjoy your fancy HTC One!!!
My camera stop focusing can anybody help me . pics all blurry; My camera stop focusing can anybody help me . pics all blurry
Pls my backspace space is not working any pls; Pls my backspace space is not working any pls
htc one is Best one smooth oprating.& battery backup is realy good.; htc one is Best one smooth oprating.& battery backup is realy good.
Anonymous, 10 Sep 2013It will heat up! just think there is no fans etc to cool the CPU down it's good that the back aluminum cover act as heat sink... feel the heat of your quad-core 1.7ghz..; it's good that the back aluminum cover act as heat sink... feel the heat of your quad-core 1.7ghz..
64CFS, 10 Sep 2013Can the LED colors on the HTC One be changed? On my current Droid 3, I can have different colo... moreamazing either i dont use it; amazing either i dont use it
Ace, 10 Sep 2013When your playing a games, is this phone is overheating? please reply thanksyeah boody it does heat; yeah boody it does heat
nicolas enjay, 10 Sep 2013just go to setting >> about >> software update >> thats it it is a 476 mb up... morehey guys.. I won't to ask u my HTC ONE is dosent wark skype answer me..; hey guys.. I won't to ask u my HTC ONE is dosent wark skype answer me..
nicolas enjay, 10 Sep 2013just go to setting >> about >> software update >> thats it it is a 476 mb up... morehey guys i have 1 problem htc one dosnt work skype.... Plz answer me.; hey guys i have 1 problem htc one dosnt work skype.... Plz answer me.
delta frost, 10 Sep 2013theres any one there who can help me how to upgrade my htc one from 4.1.2 to 4.2.2?Depending on yor network provider, if they already released the 4.2.2 upate, you may check it through Settings > About > Check Updates, but make sure you will back up your files to avoid data loss before getting the update. Cheers!; Depending on yor network provider, if they already released the 4.2.2 upate, you may check it through Settings > About > Check Updates, but make sure you will back up your files to avoid data loss before getting the update. Cheers!
Guys, it's a no-brainer. SG4 is the leading smartphones specs wise. They are not perfect but they are superior than other smartphones out there. Now in my opinion, HTC one is the next best thing. And believe it or not, I am going to buy this because the specs are so close to SG4 but with better design, sound and the 4 ultrapixel seems really impressive. So I wont mind the HTCs few drawbacks from SG4 because those features I mentioned are what sold me to HTC one. And I think if HTC one improve a little bit of its camera, the battery and add a slot... even if they maintain the other specs... then god almighty, HTC one will be my Smartphone master!; Guys, it's a no-brainer. SG4 is the leading smartphones specs wise. They are not perfect but they are superior than other smartphones out there. Now in my opinion, HTC one is the next best thing. And believe it or not, I am going to buy this because the specs are so close to SG4 but with better design, sound and the 4 ultrapixel seems really impressive. So I wont mind the HTCs few drawbacks from SG4 because those features I mentioned are what sold me to HTC one. And I think if HTC one improve a little bit of its camera, the battery and add a slot... even if they maintain the other specs... then god almighty, HTC one will be my Smartphone master!
Ace, 10 Sep 2013When your playing a games, is this phone is overheating? please reply thanksI've been using my new HTC One for the past 1 week.. and i like it very much!
 
 Yes, when i used it for long (maybe more than 30 min), i can feel the heat especially from the back of the phone..
 
 But i think this is very common and not really an issue.. every running machine produces heat, right? The only difference is, with HTC One, you will feel it more coz the body of the phone was made of aluminium.. When it is hot, just stop for a while whatever you are doing and let it cold down.. thats all.. not a big deal..; I've been using my new HTC One for the past 1 week.. and i like it very much!; Yes, when i used it for long (maybe more than 30 min), i can feel the heat especially from the back of the phone..; But i think this is very common and not really an issue.. every running machine produces heat, right? The only difference is, with HTC One, you will feel it more coz the body of the phone was made of aluminium.. When it is hot, just stop for a while whatever you are doing and let it cold down.. thats all.. not a big deal..
I have had one for about 3 months now I love the speed and usability battery is moderate ...sucks no expandable memory other than that I love the phone my friend has an s4 and my phone is a little faster screen is clearer showing much more whiter whites and cameras were about even with my one ahead slightly but not much I love my HTC one; I have had one for about 3 months now I love the speed and usability battery is moderate ...sucks no expandable memory other than that I love the phone my friend has an s4 and my phone is a little faster screen is clearer showing much more whiter whites and cameras were about even with my one ahead slightly but not much I love my HTC one
Call quality and build quality is excellent! User friendly, specifications are very good. Phone is very fast. Good picture quality, less noise than on my previous Sony Xperia S. No heating problem at all, played several games during almost an hour. Speakers are out of this world. First HTC phone for me and very satisfied with it. Recommended!; Call quality and build quality is excellent! User friendly, specifications are very good. Phone is very fast. Good picture quality, less noise than on my previous Sony Xperia S. No heating problem at all, played several games during almost an hour. Speakers are out of this world. First HTC phone for me and very satisfied with it. Recommended!
Ace, 10 Sep 2013When your playing a games, is this phone is overheating? please reply thanksyes; yes
Ace, 10 Sep 2013When your playing a games, is this phone is overheating? please reply thanksYes even when surfing using lte or 3g; Yes even when surfing using lte or 3g
Ace, 10 Sep 2013When your playing a games, is this phone is overheating? please reply thanksIt will heat up! just think there is no fans etc to cool the CPU down; It will heat up! just think there is no fans etc to cool the CPU down
delta frost, 10 Sep 2013theres any one there who can help me how to upgrade my htc one from 4.1.2 to 4.2.2?just go to setting >> about >> software update >> thats it it is a 476 mb update i guess >> enjoy !; just go to setting >> about >> software update >> thats it it is a 476 mb update i guess >> enjoy !
Can the LED colors on the HTC One be changed? On my current Droid 3, I can have different colors for email, text, etc.; Can the LED colors on the HTC One be changed? On my current Droid 3, I can have different colors for email, text, etc.
When your playing a games, is this phone is overheating? please reply thanks; When your playing a games, is this phone is overheating? please reply thanks
theres any one there 
 who can help me how to upgrade my htc one from 4.1.2 to 4.2.2?; theres any one there; who can help me how to upgrade my htc one from 4.1.2 to 4.2.2?
Techno J., 10 Sep 2013You are correct. I'm using this phone since June. The best phone I've ever used. Only issues a... moreTechno j, how is this pinkish tint issue in low light be? Is it a serious problem? I wish I see a sample, Ar u using bbm?; Techno j, how is this pinkish tint issue in low light be? Is it a serious problem? I wish I see a sample, Ar u using bbm?
Ty G., 10 Sep 2013btw, the front facing cam is not affected by the "pink tint"Of course the pinkish issue not having the front camera, similarly that problem occurred after the 4.2.2 update. It should be a software problem. I got some news Android 4.3 will hit for the HTC One at the end of this month . It's better at least HTC fixed this issue through 4.3 update.; Of course the pinkish issue not having the front camera, similarly that problem occurred after the 4.2.2 update. It should be a software problem. I got some news Android 4.3 will hit for the HTC One at the end of this month . It's better at least HTC fixed this issue through 4.3 update.
btw, the front facing cam is not affected by the "pink tint"; btw, the front facing cam is not affected by the "pink tint"
i had waited for HTC one from March & finally got one last week as HTC is not a common interest in GCC,loved the phone & easily the best beast in 2013,,,even though more people complain bout camera, i do not see any issue as when compare to Nokia 920 quality is same,its super fast & crystal clear,,,; i had waited for HTC one from March & finally got one last week as HTC is not a common interest in GCC,loved the phone & easily the best beast in 2013,,,even though more people complain bout camera, i do not see any issue as when compare to Nokia 920 quality is same,its super fast & crystal clear,,,
Ty G., 10 Sep 2013After 3months, the only issues i had were the occasional 1.)"no-sim errors" (re-star... moreYou are correct. I'm using this phone since June. The best phone I've ever used. Only issues are it's take quite long time to fully charged and pinkish and red shadow in low light photos. I hope that HTC will release a firmware update soon as possible to fix that.
 
 HTC should increase the camera performances in next year flagship phone at their best. Hopefully their next phone will even better.; You are correct. I'm using this phone since June. The best phone I've ever used. Only issues are it's take quite long time to fully charged and pinkish and red shadow in low light photos. I hope that HTC will release a firmware update soon as possible to fix that.; HTC should increase the camera performances in next year flagship phone at their best. Hopefully their next phone will even better.
After 3months, the only issues i had were the occasional 1.)"no-sim errors" (re-starting fixes it), and the 2.)"pink tint" lowlight shots.. i just removed the simcard one time, cleaned the terminals and somehow fixed the no-sim errors, if it goes back again i'll put clear tape on the sim card's back as what others did.. with the pink tint, I'm hoping that an update fixes this, if not then it's off to the service center, if they can't fix it, then i'll live with it (i let my dslr handle quality pics).. HTC One is still hard to beat with the metal body, Sense UI, beats audio, front speakers, blinkfeed, premium feel, etc etc etc.. minor kinks aside, i'm happy with my phone:); After 3months, the only issues i had were the occasional 1.)"no-sim errors" (re-starting fixes it), and the 2.)"pink tint" lowlight shots.. i just removed the simcard one time, cleaned the terminals and somehow fixed the no-sim errors, if it goes back again i'll put clear tape on the sim card's back as what others did.. with the pink tint, I'm hoping that an update fixes this, if not then it's off to the service center, if they can't fix it, then i'll live with it (i let my dslr handle quality pics).. HTC One is still hard to beat with the metal body, Sense UI, beats audio, front speakers, blinkfeed, premium feel, etc etc etc.. minor kinks aside, i'm happy with my phone:)
I have another problem now. It is with my battery life. Last night my battery is still 35%. I turned it off and when i try to turn it on today it does not want to. It was totally drained. No apps running when i check on the task manager.; I have another problem now. It is with my battery life. Last night my battery is still 35%. I turned it off and when i try to turn it on today it does not want to. It was totally drained. No apps running when i check on the task manager.
Chebulla, 09 Sep 2013http://www.eisa.eu/award/32/european-advanced-smartphone-2013-2014.htmlSir, thank you. HTC for life no matter what ( they know me in Pretoria the capital city of South Africa).; Sir, thank you. HTC for life no matter what ( they know me in Pretoria the capital city of South Africa).
Does any one have problems with HTC one browser...; Does any one have problems with HTC one browser...
oh yes! In HTC one, nothing do I see that is not perfection.; oh yes! In HTC one, nothing do I see that is not perfection.
i also want to purchase this phone..i think its a classic phone to use..i love everything about it..htc on...classic..; i also want to purchase this phone..i think its a classic phone to use..i love everything about it..htc on...classic..
best phone ever amazing one the HTC ONE :)
 better resolution and brighter then any smartphone 
 very very fast no problem 
 excellent and awesome look and performance; best phone ever amazing one the HTC ONE :); better resolution and brighter then any smartphone; very very fast no problem; excellent and awesome look and performance
http://www.eisa.eu/award/32/european-advanced-smartphone-2013-2014.html
i bought HTC one just 2 week then found out camera at night time have pink and blue tint so i send back for warranty claim, now 3 week already i still haven get back my phone so the HTC after sales service is very very bad.; i bought HTC one just 2 week then found out camera at night time have pink and blue tint so i send back for warranty claim, now 3 week already i still haven get back my phone so the HTC after sales service is very very bad.
best phone ever; best phone ever
Chebulla, 06 Sep 2013Yeah Samsung cheats a bit there too... It says it has 1.8 available but it's already using up ... morel think this will remain one of the best phones on the planet for many years to come.; l think this will remain one of the best phones on the planet for many years to come.
Hi friends, m planning to buy this awesome cell & m really impressed by its looks & features. But i need some help. I've heard that androids are somewhat laggy. So does One lags while multitasking or heavy usage of net or watching videos ? 2nd thing is how is the camera performance ? 3rd is that does this cell get over heated due to heavy usage ?? & last thing is how is the battery back up. Means does it need to be switched in for charging more frequently ?? Friends plz reply & clear my questions as early as possible, as m planning to purchase this cell within this week. Thanks; Hi friends, m planning to buy this awesome cell & m really impressed by its looks & features. But i need some help. I've heard that androids are somewhat laggy. So does One lags while multitasking or heavy usage of net or watching videos ? 2nd thing is how is the camera performance ? 3rd is that does this cell get over heated due to heavy usage ?? & last thing is how is the battery back up. Means does it need to be switched in for charging more frequently ?? Friends plz reply & clear my questions as early as possible, as m planning to purchase this cell within this week. Thanks
I m usling borg mobilens bit HTC one bryter then s4.; I m usling borg mobilens bit HTC one bryter then s4.
best phone 2013 wow; best phone 2013 wow
I have bought HTC One couple of days ago after selling S4
 S4 shouldn't be on plannet any more.; I have bought HTC One couple of days ago after selling S4; S4 shouldn't be on plannet any more.
I am thinking of moving from Samsung S4 to this HTC one Developer edition. Can any one suggest whether is this good move......Thanks; I am thinking of moving from Samsung S4 to this HTC one Developer edition. Can any one suggest whether is this good move......Thanks
pol, 06 Sep 2013having problems with my camera, it has red background when i take pictures at night. do you gu... moresame problm!; same problm!
kay, 04 Sep 2013fantastic phone, with excellent features. very fast and reliable. only downside is the camera ... morenot 4 mega pixel. its a 4 ultra pixel; not 4 mega pixel. its a 4 ultra pixel
vaishak, 08 Sep 201318002663566 call this number dude... its direct customer care center.....&#55357;&#5... moreIve called that number already and they said that its a hardware issue, they still dont have parts to replace the camera sensor, thanks:); Ive called that number already and they said that its a hardware issue, they still dont have parts to replace the camera sensor, thanks:)
Guys for those HTC One User,
 Do you know Android 4.3 is coming soon for your HTC One?
 But my Xperia Z still didn't get any news about Android 4.3 yet.; Guys for those HTC One User,; Do you know Android 4.3 is coming soon for your HTC One?; But my Xperia Z still didn't get any news about Android 4.3 yet.
Ty G., 07 Sep 2013No fix yet according to HTC service center.. Globe telco not helping eitherI see. I hope they will release a firmware soon to fix it. It is really annoying.; I see. I hope they will release a firmware soon to fix it. It is really annoying.
Ty G., 07 Sep 2013No fix yet according to HTC service center.. Globe telco not helping either18002663566
 call this number dude...
 its direct customer care center.....&#55357;&#56397;&#55357;&amp;#56397;&#55357;&#56397;; 18002663566; call this number dude...; its direct customer care center.....&#55357;&#56397;&#55357;&amp;#56397;&#55357;&#56397;
does it show call waiting on the display when the one i'm calling is talking with another person?? please help urgent; does it show call waiting on the display when the one i'm calling is talking with another person?? please help urgent
Pol, 06 Sep 2013Htc one user here from the philippines got mine from globe. I currently have problems with th... moreNo fix yet according to HTC service center.. Globe telco not helping either; No fix yet according to HTC service center.. Globe telco not helping either
This is the best phone i ever had . I sold my S4 yesterday and bought this beast . It is faster better looking and battery 10 times better. And 4.3 is coming end September , even before S4.; This is the best phone i ever had . I sold my S4 yesterday and bought this beast . It is faster better looking and battery 10 times better. And 4.3 is coming end September , even before S4.
Got my beast yesterday , i sold my S4 and bought the ONE, and what a big difference . The ONE is so smooth and battery far better than S4. 4.3 COMING END SEPTEMBER , check gsmarena; Got my beast yesterday , i sold my S4 and bought the ONE, and what a big difference . The ONE is so smooth and battery far better than S4. 4.3 COMING END SEPTEMBER , check gsmarena
Mike, 06 Sep 2013if the camera clarity is so good then whyis it so it is just 4 mega pixels only ,just confuse ... moreIts not not mega pixel its 4 ultra pixel...; Its not not mega pixel its 4 ultra pixel...
slash, 05 Sep 2013Htc one system is using 500~ram that's why you see around 1.5gb free, don't bother about it, y... moreBecause the remaining ram is already used by the phone's system and software thats why it only shows u 1.5gb.; Because the remaining ram is already used by the phone's system and software thats why it only shows u 1.5gb.
Find this phone amazing to use. I work with phones so I use a lot of them. Only downfall is the heat of the handset when being used. Camera is fantastic and with the built in features really helps out. Sounds is great (being Beats) and holding the phone feels really comfortable.; Find this phone amazing to use. I work with phones so I use a lot of them. Only downfall is the heat of the handset when being used. Camera is fantastic and with the built in features really helps out. Sounds is great (being Beats) and holding the phone feels really comfortable.
if the camera clarity is so good then whyis it so it is just 4 mega pixels only ,just confuse with this 
 anyone reply; if the camera clarity is so good then whyis it so it is just 4 mega pixels only ,just confuse with this; anyone reply
pol, 06 Sep 2013having problems with my camera, it has red background when i take pictures at night. do you gu... morepls check the camera effect settings...; pls check the camera effect settings...
Iak1988, 06 Sep 2013hi guys, i have lost my HTC one on yesterday, any idea to trace it back !!If you already installed a device tracker software in your phone maybe you can see the locations by using a pc. Otherwise just visit to the HTC Sense official websites for more details.; If you already installed a device tracker software in your phone maybe you can see the locations by using a pc. Otherwise just visit to the HTC Sense official websites for more details.
great phone, m enjoying it; great phone, m enjoying it
having problems with my camera, it has red background when i take pictures at night. do you guys also experience it?; having problems with my camera, it has red background when i take pictures at night. do you guys also experience it?
hi guys, i have lost my HTC one on yesterday, any idea to trace it back !!; hi guys, i have lost my HTC one on yesterday, any idea to trace it back !!
Having problem playing videos.. the videos are not plating flawlessly.. ny media app reccomendation or ny help.. plz share; Having problem playing videos.. the videos are not plating flawlessly.. ny media app reccomendation or ny help.. plz share
Franky, 05 Sep 2013Heyy..can any one tell me how much is the actual ram?? coz specification shows 2GB Ram and in ... moreYeah Samsung cheats a bit there too... It says it has 1.8 available but it's already using up at least 500-600MB from that available RAM. So in the end you have litle more than a GB of available RAM. TW is really heavy and they are hiding it.; Yeah Samsung cheats a bit there too... It says it has 1.8 available but it's already using up at least 500-600MB from that available RAM. So in the end you have litle more than a GB of available RAM. TW is really heavy and they are hiding it.
slash, 05 Sep 2013Htc one system is using 500~ram that's why you see around 1.5gb free, don't bother about it, y... moreoww, now i understand.. thanks a lot for the information.. anyway, can't wait to see what sense 5.5 have to offer to us..; oww, now i understand.. thanks a lot for the information.. anyway, can't wait to see what sense 5.5 have to offer to us..
Ty G., 05 Sep 2013Here in the Philippines, I should say that 50% of htc one owners (or maybe more) have that pro... moreHtc one user here from the philippines got mine from globe. I currently have problems with the camera sensor getting the red background when i try to shoot at night. Like this one http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2317507; Htc one user here from the philippines got mine from globe. I currently have problems with the camera sensor getting the red background when i try to shoot at night. Like this one
Htc one system is using 500~ram that's why you see around 1.5gb free, don't bother about it, you barely use all of the ram ;); Htc one system is using 500~ram that's why you see around 1.5gb free, don't bother about it, you barely use all of the ram ;)
Heyy..can any one tell me how much is the actual ram?? coz specification shows 2GB Ram and in the mobile it shows 1.5GB Ram. Where as compared to S4, which is also 2GB Ram, but inside the mobile it shows 1.8GB Ram. Please let me know asap.; Heyy..can any one tell me how much is the actual ram?? coz specification shows 2GB Ram and in the mobile it shows 1.5GB Ram. Where as compared to S4, which is also 2GB Ram, but inside the mobile it shows 1.8GB Ram. Please let me know asap.
Franky, 04 Sep 2013Heyy..can any one tell me how much is the actual ram?? coz specification shows 2GB Ram and in ... moreyeah, my htc one also have 1.55GB Ram and i don't know why.. can anybody help answer our question?; yeah, my htc one also have 1.55GB Ram and i don't know why.. can anybody help answer our question?
Hi all am from india.. Got the beast htc one in May 24th. In july I updated my htc one to 4.2.2. After that the phone is faster than before. I did a benchmark test both antutu and quadrant. In Antutu I got a score of 26,789 and in quadrant my htc one scored 12601. Really awesome. . Pls if anyone can post his/her benchmark results after 4.2.2. Thanks.; Hi all am from india.. Got the beast htc one in May 24th. In july I updated my htc one to 4.2.2. After that the phone is faster than before. I did a benchmark test both antutu and quadrant. In Antutu I got a score of 26,789 and in quadrant my htc one scored 12601. Really awesome. . Pls if anyone can post his/her benchmark results after 4.2.2. Thanks.
Sticker, 05 Sep 2013On what network here in the Ph you get your HTC One? You fraud. I got it from Globe telco, watch your words..; I got it from Globe telco, watch your words..
Ty G., 05 Sep 2013Here in the Philippines, I should say that 50% of htc one owners (or maybe more) have that pro... moreOn what network here in the Ph you get your HTC One? You fraud.; On what network here in the Ph you get your HTC One? You fraud.
eternal21391, 04 Sep 2013how to remove 3-dot menu in games...??Upgrade OS to 4.2.2 ;); Upgrade OS to 4.2.2 ;)
slash, 04 Sep 2013Hello, anyone else is having such issues with camera shots in low light conditions with blue/p... moreHere in the Philippines, I should say that 50% of htc one owners (or maybe more) have that problem.. and it hasn't been good with the htc support here, they cant even say if its a software or hardware issue, worse, they can't even say if they can fix it or not, claiming they dont have parts for faulty camera sensors.. i still love my htc one since i dont take pics in lowlight that much.. but i can't say anymore if i'll stick w/ htc for my next upgrade after my 2yr contract is done.; Here in the Philippines, I should say that 50% of htc one owners (or maybe more) have that problem.. and it hasn't been good with the htc support here, they cant even say if its a software or hardware issue, worse, they can't even say if they can fix it or not, claiming they dont have parts for faulty camera sensors.. i still love my htc one since i dont take pics in lowlight that much.. but i can't say anymore if i'll stick w/ htc for my next upgrade after my 2yr contract is done.
how to remove 3-dot menu in games...??; how to remove 3-dot menu in games...??
I have had the phone 3 months later . I have had to reset the phone twice and lost all of my contacts both times. now the phone completely died on me. Thank god i bought the insurance so i get a new phone - I would rather trade for a galaxy though. My wife and daiughter have galaxy phones and no problems for them. also, i prefer the old HTC to the new one.; I have had the phone 3 months later . I have had to reset the phone twice and lost all of my contacts both times. now the phone completely died on me. Thank god i bought the insurance so i get a new phone - I would rather trade for a galaxy though. My wife and daiughter have galaxy phones and no problems for them. also, i prefer the old HTC to the new one.
Hello, anyone else is having such issues with camera shots in low light conditions with blue/purple tint?
 Seems it is starting to be common issue for lots of one owner's, including me http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2317507; Hello, anyone else is having such issues with camera shots in low light conditions with blue/purple tint?; Seems it is starting to be common issue for lots of one owner's, including me
Heyy..can any one tell me how much is the actual ram?? coz specification shows 2GB Ram and in the mobile it shows 1.5GB Ram. Where as compared to S4, which is also 2GB Ram, but inside the mobile it shows 1.8GB Ram. Please let me know asap.; Heyy..can any one tell me how much is the actual ram?? coz specification shows 2GB Ram and in the mobile it shows 1.5GB Ram. Where as compared to S4, which is also 2GB Ram, but inside the mobile it shows 1.8GB Ram. Please let me know asap.
firewaterfan, 03 Sep 2013So been a Samsung fan all of my life - still using my original Galaxy S (rooted and running a ... moreI have moved from S4 to HTC one yesterday only and believe me apart from camera you will love everything about One.Don't bother about features of S4, most are useless.So go for One & you will not regret about it.; I have moved from S4 to HTC one yesterday only and believe me apart from camera you will love everything about One.Don't bother about features of S4, most are useless.So go for One & you will not regret about it.
Apart from camera everything about HTC one is way ahead from useless features of galaxy S4.Just moved from S4 to One and now I am happy.; Apart from camera everything about HTC one is way ahead from useless features of galaxy S4.Just moved from S4 to One and now I am happy.
please am having with my google play store. It has stopped working and I cant download anything on my phone. When I opened google store I entered my previous google but it didn't pick and I try to open a new one but is not functioning. This is the information I got "unfortunately GOOGLE PLAY STORE HAS STOPPED. I need help; please am having with my google play store. It has stopped working and I cant download anything on my phone. When I opened google store I entered my previous google but it didn't pick and I try to open a new one but is not functioning. This is the information I got "unfortunately GOOGLE PLAY STORE HAS STOPPED. I need help
fantastic phone, with excellent features. very fast and reliable. only downside is the camera (nothing wrong with it) only has 4 megapixels. one not to be missed; fantastic phone, with excellent features. very fast and reliable. only downside is the camera (nothing wrong with it) only has 4 megapixels. one not to be missed
one good thing about this phone is th power button, it's impossible to accidentally press it whenever it is in your pocket or pouch.. minimizing unwanted phone opration...
 
 oh and th battery? very impressive!!! who say it's bad? 
 
 I Love My HTC One... 
 
 i'm tired of Samsung phones ending up installing custom ROM to make it run much smoother...; one good thing about this phone is th power button, it's impossible to accidentally press it whenever it is in your pocket or pouch.. minimizing unwanted phone opration...; oh and th battery? very impressive!!! who say it's bad?; I Love My HTC One...; i'm tired of Samsung phones ending up installing custom ROM to make it run much smoother...
firewaterfan, 03 Sep 2013So been a Samsung fan all of my life - still using my original Galaxy S (rooted and running a ... moreI have used The Nexus 4 and HTC One. Currently using HTC One. The OS perfectly runs smooth like it runs on Nexus. The camera is pretty good and overall its a device WORTH buying. I have read reviews regarding the problems about the battery life, lags blah blah.. haven't faced a single one yet. In fact My battery runs about 15 to 16 hrs on a normal use. The build quality is premium and you wont find such a class quality on any android device. For me its more than satisfying after paying a good one for this.; I have used The Nexus 4 and HTC One. Currently using HTC One. The OS perfectly runs smooth like it runs on Nexus. The camera is pretty good and overall its a device WORTH buying. I have read reviews regarding the problems about the battery life, lags blah blah.. haven't faced a single one yet. In fact My battery runs about 15 to 16 hrs on a normal use. The build quality is premium and you wont find such a class quality on any android device. For me its more than satisfying after paying a good one for this.
steven ben, 03 Sep 2013I was so suprised to see an expensive phone as this having just a 4 mega pixel camera, as if t... moreI think ur unaware of the word called "Ultrapixels". Iev been using this Phone since 2 weeks and i find the camera quite good. Although its 4 Ultrapixels, the low light results are amazing compared to a normal camera on other smartphones. I agree it doesnt give that hd pics like the one on Lumia 1020. But overal it has got the best of everything which is required for a smartphone.; I think ur unaware of the word called "Ultrapixels". Iev been using this Phone since 2 weeks and i find the camera quite good. Although its 4 Ultrapixels, the low light results are amazing compared to a normal camera on other smartphones. I agree it doesnt give that hd pics like the one on Lumia 1020. But overal it has got the best of everything which is required for a smartphone.
SamuelMei, 03 Sep 2013No No. I mean Google Now Feature like weather card or traffic card so on. I can only use Goo... moreThere is an app called only Google with a blue icon.. Try that coz i get all the cards. Map, Weather etc.; There is an app called only Google with a blue icon.. Try that coz i get all the cards. Map, Weather etc.
So been a Samsung fan all of my life - still using my original Galaxy S (rooted and running a custom ROM now) but it is starting to show its wear after three years. So now it's S4 vs. HTC One. Seems that there are some issues after the 4.2.2 update on the One and not sure about the non removable battery and no SD card slot however the reviews seem really good. Anyone (real users, not reviewers!) had both in their hands for an extended period of time?; So been a Samsung fan all of my life - still using my original Galaxy S (rooted and running a custom ROM now) but it is starting to show its wear after three years. So now it's S4 vs. HTC One. Seems that there are some issues after the 4.2.2 update on the One and not sure about the non removable battery and no SD card slot however the reviews seem really good. Anyone (real users, not reviewers!) had both in their hands for an extended period of time?
I was so suprised to see an expensive phone as this having just a 4 mega pixel camera, as if that mistake wasn't enough. They went ahead to make it a non removeable battery phone.; I was so suprised to see an expensive phone as this having just a 4 mega pixel camera, as if that mistake wasn't enough. They went ahead to make it a non removeable battery phone.
Guyiesss ....
 please help me out ..I am very depressed with my HTC one's low light photography quality. 
 the whole screen appears all pinkinsh. . not even the flash help me during night time ..
 though during day time my camera rockxx. .
 so wht is it ? need help !; Guyiesss ....; please help me out ..I am very depressed with my HTC one's low light photography quality.; the whole screen appears all pinkinsh. . not even the flash help me during night time ..; though during day time my camera rockxx. .; so wht is it ? need help !
Blazing Bird, 03 Sep 2013Its not a problem dude.. just hold on the home button and google now will appear..No No.
 I mean Google Now Feature like weather card or traffic card so on.
 I can only use Google search feature but not Google Now.; No No.; I mean Google Now Feature like weather card or traffic card so on.; I can only use Google search feature but not Google Now.
SamuelMei, 03 Sep 2013Excuse me guys! How can I use google now in HTC ONE. There's no option for it under Google S... moreIts not a problem dude.. just hold on the home button and google now will appear..; Its not a problem dude.. just hold on the home button and google now will appear..
Excuse me guys!
 How can I use google now in HTC ONE.
 There's no option for it under Google Search App.
 Does any of u face the same ptoblem like mine?
 
 Mei; Excuse me guys!; How can I use google now in HTC ONE.; There's no option for it under Google Search App.; Does any of u face the same ptoblem like mine?; Mei
Thanks Abid :); Thanks Abid :)
Sam, 02 Sep 2013Brothers ..plzee help me out. .. m using my HTC one frm past 2 months. m happi wid each n ... moreI have the same problem. That's start to happen after the 4.2.2 update. We can't do nothing for that. Maybe HTC should release a firmware update immediately to solve it.; I have the same problem. That's start to happen after the 4.2.2 update. We can't do nothing for that. Maybe HTC should release a firmware update immediately to solve it.
please does htc one need anti virus or not necessary?; please does htc one need anti virus or not necessary?
Iam using HTC one since last 3 month. I have no problem with my phone.all the features are awesome. battery backup great.camera superb.nice display. you guys use it properly,you will not get any problem you will just love it.; Iam using HTC one since last 3 month. I have no problem with my phone.all the features are awesome. battery backup great.camera superb.nice display. you guys use it properly,you will not get any problem you will just love it.
Sharat, 03 Sep 2013Hi All, Please please please do not spend so much money on this phone. HTC One looks great, ... moreI don't agree, I've had my One for 4 months and not experienced any of the issues you mentioned.; I don't agree, I've had my One for 4 months and not experienced any of the issues you mentioned.
Hi All,
 Please please please do not spend so much money on this phone.
 HTC One looks great, feels great and is definitely very fast.. I've used the phone for 2 months.. It ran smoothly for the first 2 months and I was like very very impressed with the phone. Then it all went downhill..
 My phone stopped charging.. And the speaker would always switch on.. whether i made a call or received a call the speaker would automatically switch on. 
 The only way to charge my phone was to switch the phone off and then charge it..
 its weird.. i know .. but suddenly.. the phone started behaving weird..
 
 its hardly 2 months old.. so i had warranty. took it to the authorized service center on the 19th of August. It's been 15 days.. They are unable to service the phone.. They know its a hardware issue but they will not replace the phone.. They have been waiting for spares for the past 15 days. Everyday is a new excuse and a new lie..
 
 I'm sincerely asking you folk to not go by the reviews. A phone that cannot be serviced, a company that does not respect its warranty replacement policy and a service center occupied by what can be referred as nothing but arrogant, obnoxious staff is not something you guys want to pay u're hard earned money on.
 
 Regards.; Hi All,; Please please please do not spend so much money on this phone.; HTC One looks great, feels great and is definitely very fast.. I've used the phone for 2 months.. It ran smoothly for the first 2 months and I was like very very impressed with the phone. Then it all went downhill..; My phone stopped charging.. And the speaker would always switch on.. whether i made a call or received a call the speaker would automatically switch on.; The only way to charge my phone was to switch the phone off and then charge it..; its weird.. i know .. but suddenly.. the phone started behaving weird..; its hardly 2 months old.. so i had warranty. took it to the authorized service center on the 19th of August. It's been 15 days.. They are unable to service the phone.. They know its a hardware issue but they will not replace the phone.. They have been waiting for spares for the past 15 days. Everyday is a new excuse and a new lie..; I'm sincerely asking you folk to not go by the reviews. A phone that cannot be serviced, a company that does not respect its warranty replacement policy and a service center occupied by what can be referred as nothing but arrogant, obnoxious staff is not something you guys want to pay u're hard earned money on.; Regards.
Yingyang, 01 Sep 2013If you are looking for fast, reliable, easy to use, great customer satisfaction, easy to carry... moreiphone 5 battery drain so fast..i use it for 6month & can't stand it anymore...switch to htc one..same usage but battery can last at least until night time...; iphone 5 battery drain so fast..i use it for 6month & can't stand it anymore...switch to htc one..same usage but battery can last at least until night time...
[deleted post]I have the same problem. That's start to happen after the 4.2.2 update. We can't do nothing for that. Maybe HTC should release a firmware update immediately to solve it.; I have the same problem. That's start to happen after the 4.2.2 update. We can't do nothing for that. Maybe HTC should release a firmware update immediately to solve it.
what.a.long.story, 01 Sep 2013First of all, thanks for your help. After some days of search I acquired some knowledge that I... moreI don't have any problems with my HTC One. Nor do I have any bugs on my phone. Who have you spoken with? Do they have an HTC One?
 
 I have had my HTC One since the week after launch because I was hesitant to pre-order mine.
 
 If there is a web page out there that has posts of people having problems with their phone please post so I can read.
 Thanks.; I don't have any problems with my HTC One. Nor do I have any bugs on my phone. Who have you spoken with? Do they have an HTC One?; I have had my HTC One since the week after launch because I was hesitant to pre-order mine.; If there is a web page out there that has posts of people having problems with their phone please post so I can read.; Thanks.
White Biggest, 02 Sep 2013Don't you have a life rather than posting rotten tidings? I have 4 months using this phone sea... moreWake up, samy fan boy.; Wake up, samy fan boy.
Brothers ..plzee help me out. ..
 m using my HTC one frm past 2 months. 
 m happi wid each n every feature. .
 d camera is awesome. expect d low light photography ..it comes all pinkish ,purple ..all over d screen ..I feel ashamed wen I compare to Samsung note or s3 ,infact even when I click a pic with my flash on it's blurr n I can hardly see any object ...I tried to reset my settings to default as well ..though during day time d camera rockxx ..
 so wht is it ? r all d HTC one have dis pinkish problem ? or there is any problem wid my camera ??
 plzeee help ...
 revert :-); Brothers ..plzee help me out. ..; m using my HTC one frm past 2 months.; m happi wid each n every feature. .; d camera is awesome. expect d low light photography ..it comes all pinkish ,purple ..all over d screen ..I feel ashamed wen I compare to Samsung note or s3 ,infact even when I click a pic with my flash on it's blurr n I can hardly see any object ...I tried to reset my settings to default as well ..though during day time d camera rockxx ..; so wht is it ? r all d HTC one have dis pinkish problem ? or there is any problem wid my camera ??; plzeee help ...; revert :-)
dr.nik04, 01 Sep 2013Just brought HTC One after using iphone since long.HTC one is really amazing n m already in lo... moreya no problem with 4.2.2
 you will love it; ya no problem with 4.2.2; you will love it
what.a.long.story, 01 Sep 2013Do a Google search for "bugs users complain htc one" "htc bugs" "htc ... moreDon't you have a life rather than posting rotten tidings? I have 4 months using this phone seamlessly and unimpeachably.. so who are you? you sound like an agent.... I love my HTC One & my IPhone 5....; Don't you have a life rather than posting rotten tidings? I have 4 months using this phone seamlessly and unimpeachably.. so who are you? you sound like an agent.... I love my HTC One & my IPhone 5....
i have d htc one n i have a black one its a beautiful fon in terms of processing,screen clarity,best fr a person liking music and gamingn d camera is outta dis world.
 bt id suggest any1 to purchase the silver colour as sweat marks are visible on d black coloured 1 and u feel like keeping on cleaning the fon; i have d htc one n i have a black one its a beautiful fon in terms of processing,screen clarity,best fr a person liking music and gamingn d camera is outta dis world.; bt id suggest any1 to purchase the silver colour as sweat marks are visible on d black coloured 1 and u feel like keeping on cleaning the fon
what.a.long.story, 01 Sep 2013Well, it depends on what you choose: there is not a Best phone.. there is a group of best phon... moreyou mean 4ultrapix. Sorry to correct you...; you mean 4ultrapix. Sorry to correct you...
dr.nik04, 01 Sep 2013Just brought HTC One after using iphone since long.HTC one is really amazing n m already in lo... moreNot necessary to update.
 There's not much change...except u get:
 1) battery % on the top (which isnt there earlier)
 2) quick settings(bluetooth,wifi,data....etc) in the notification bar; Not necessary to update.; There's not much change...except u get:; 1) battery % on the top (which isnt there earlier); 2) quick settings(bluetooth,wifi,data....etc) in the notification bar
I have an HTC ONE and I would like to say that is the best phone i ever had.no problems at all.; I have an HTC ONE and I would like to say that is the best phone i ever had.no problems at all.
If you are looking for fast, reliable, easy to use, great customer satisfaction, easy to carry real (cellular phone) great lookin phone. iphone would be the best for you.; If you are looking for fast, reliable, easy to use, great customer satisfaction, easy to carry real (cellular phone) great lookin phone. iphone would be the best for you.
what.a.long.story, 01 Sep 2013First of all, thanks for your help. After some days of search I acquired some knowledge that I... moreIt's not bother me whatever phone you bought. Because HTC and Sony are both great brands. Before you make your decision do some research about that phone. 
 
 Good Luck!; It's not bother me whatever phone you bought. Because HTC and Sony are both great brands. Before you make your decision do some research about that phone.; Good Luck!
what.a.long.story, 01 Sep 2013Do a Google search for "bugs users complain htc one" "htc bugs" "htc ... moreThx for ur explanation bro.
 I think I shouldn't replace with another HTC One since I am afraid that another replacement will have more defect than mine now.
 I gonna wait for upcoming Xperia Z1 and will sell back my HTC One at that time.
 
 Thanks.....; Thx for ur explanation bro.; I think I shouldn't replace with another HTC One since I am afraid that another replacement will have more defect than mine now.; I gonna wait for upcoming Xperia Z1 and will sell back my HTC One at that time.; Thanks.....
Techno J., 29 Aug 2013You can move any file into a usb storage but I don't have any experience using a usb a storage... moreFirst of all, thanks for your help. After some days of search I acquired some knowledge that I find good to share here. 
 It is.. apps from the Play Store, as well as apps from iTunes and Windows Phone Store, can be always downloaded again (from the same account, of course) once they have been purchased. This means, you can remove apps from your phone to free memory, and download and install them again whenever you want later. 
 Besides, even if phones are provided with an SD card slot, apps can't be moved to SD cards anymore.
 There is one last issue left: some apps are removed from stores by their developers, and are lost forever: this can be avoided by downloading them to a computer, and storing them there (they can be installed only on the phone, not on the computer, at one's wish).
 
 One a more personal side, I'll pick an Xperia ZL because of HTC One productive unreliabily and many bugs and flaws reported by users.
 
 thanks and good luck ;); First of all, thanks for your help. After some days of search I acquired some knowledge that I find good to share here.; It is.. apps from the Play Store, as well as apps from iTunes and Windows Phone Store, can be always downloaded again (from the same account, of course) once they have been purchased. This means, you can remove apps from your phone to free memory, and download and install them again whenever you want later.; Besides, even if phones are provided with an SD card slot, apps can't be moved to SD cards anymore.; There is one last issue left: some apps are removed from stores by their developers, and are lost forever: this can be avoided by downloading them to a computer, and storing them there (they can be installed only on the phone, not on the computer, at one's wish).; One a more personal side, I'll pick an Xperia ZL because of HTC One productive unreliabily and many bugs and flaws reported by users.; thanks and good luck ;)
SamuelMei, 01 Sep 2013Any of u guys have blue or yellow tint on HTC ONE Screen? Mine has a little blue tint on th... moreDo a Google search for "bugs users complain htc one" "htc bugs" "htc one problems", and you'll realize that it takes luck to get a non-faulty HTC One. I'll pick an Xperia ZL because of this. There's a reason why Sony is Sony, and HTC only HTC: I mean.. HTC chose to release this phone before accurate and adequately long testing period, saving money and time, releasing a phone with an hardware 5% more advanced than Sony's Z phones.. being faster: now I see how they managed. People also complain widely about HTC customer and repairment service. I really abhor HTC policy on this point, and will lose my interest in them. And I am posting this comment here to share what I found on the Internet. Even HTC official sites HTC One's reviews pages show no less than a 10% of people reporting heavy production defects. Crazy!; Do a Google search for "bugs users complain htc one" "htc bugs" "htc one problems", and you'll realize that it takes luck to get a non-faulty HTC One. I'll pick an Xperia ZL because of this. There's a reason why Sony is Sony, and HTC only HTC: I mean.. HTC chose to release this phone before accurate and adequately long testing period, saving money and time, releasing a phone with an hardware 5% more advanced than Sony's Z phones.. being faster: now I see how they managed. People also complain widely about HTC customer and repairment service. I really abhor HTC policy on this point, and will lose my interest in them. And I am posting this comment here to share what I found on the Internet. Even HTC official sites HTC One's reviews pages show no less than a 10% of people reporting heavy production defects. Crazy!
[deleted post]I mean.. who are you working for?
 It sounds as advertisement, and not an elegant one.; I mean.. who are you working for?; It sounds as advertisement, and not an elegant one.
[deleted post]Well, it depends on what you choose: there is not a Best phone.. there is a group of best phones, with their strong points and weak points.
 1) HTC One: great display, fantastic audio quality and loudspeakers. Hardware 5% faster than Xperia ZL. 5%-10% of HTC Ones have problems and bugs.. need assistance and repairment. Weak camera (4Mpix).
 2) Xperia ZL: good display, good audio quality. Reliable (no faults needing customer service and repairment). And it has a memory card slot, and a 13Mpix great camera for photos.
 
 You can also look at both.. and choose the one that visually attracts you more ;); Well, it depends on what you choose: there is not a Best phone.. there is a group of best phones, with their strong points and weak points.; 1) HTC One: great display, fantastic audio quality and loudspeakers. Hardware 5% faster than Xperia ZL. 5%-10% of HTC Ones have problems and bugs.. need assistance and repairment. Weak camera (4Mpix).; 2) Xperia ZL: good display, good audio quality. Reliable (no faults needing customer service and repairment). And it has a memory card slot, and a 13Mpix great camera for photos.; You can also look at both.. and choose the one that visually attracts you more ;)
Any of u guys have blue or yellow tint on HTC ONE Screen?
 
 Mine has a little blue tint on the right hand side of screen!
 My 1st HTC One had 5 stuck pixels and 2nd HTC ONE had blurry focus when taking camera and this is my 3rd replacement. Except from blue tint and a little yellowish screen temperature, no blurry camera focus and struck pixels.
 
 Mei; Any of u guys have blue or yellow tint on HTC ONE Screen?; Mine has a little blue tint on the right hand side of screen!; My 1st HTC One had 5 stuck pixels and 2nd HTC ONE had blurry focus when taking camera and this is my 3rd replacement. Except from blue tint and a little yellowish screen temperature, no blurry camera focus and struck pixels.; Mei
kausi, 30 Aug 2013Does this phone has the facility of adding external memory????What do you mean exactly?
 If you mean.. to put a memory card (sd card) into the phone and carry it with it: no.
 If you mean.. to connect the phone with an external memory: yes, you can. What you need is an USB On-the-Go cable, to connect this phone with an hard disk, a computer, an USB portable memory, and move your audio/video files from the telephone to the external memory unit.; What do you mean exactly?; If you mean.. to put a memory card (sd card) into the phone and carry it with it: no.; If you mean.. to connect the phone with an external memory: yes, you can. What you need is an USB On-the-Go cable, to connect this phone with an hard disk, a computer, an USB portable memory, and move your audio/video files from the telephone to the external memory unit.
what.a.long.story, 01 Sep 2013But, since a plastic education is given and fit with all means into people's mind, Samsung wil... moreI know, Samsung is strong in this era, that's why Sony and HTC, even iphone is work hard to make a new good phone to beat down Samsung. HTC, I dunno. Sony, it gonna release Xperia Z1. Apple, planning for iPhone 6.; I know, Samsung is strong in this era, that's why Sony and HTC, even iphone is work hard to make a new good phone to beat down Samsung. HTC, I dunno. Sony, it gonna release Xperia Z1. Apple, planning for iPhone 6.
Revolution of Z, 30 Aug 2013I will suggest you to take HTC One or Xperia Z. Only these 2 phones is the BEST for now. S4 is... moreBut, since a plastic education is given and fit with all means into people's mind, Samsung will be overpowering in this era ;)
 People love to think they can get everything with no heavy money expense.. what Samsung (and some other brands) give them is what they want. The education system co-operates, lively, with this all. 
 I won't let anything Samsung, LG, and even Apple (since they manufacture products in FoxConn's factory: a place where, owing to the exxagerate frequency of suicides, a clause has been added to work contracts, specifying heavy penalty for the surviving relatives of the suicide) come in contact with my skin, but that's me, and that can't be but a minority.; But, since a plastic education is given and fit with all means into people's mind, Samsung will be overpowering in this era ;); People love to think they can get everything with no heavy money expense.. what Samsung (and some other brands) give them is what they want. The education system co-operates, lively, with this all.; I won't let anything Samsung, LG, and even Apple (since they manufacture products in FoxConn's factory: a place where, owing to the exxagerate frequency of suicides, a clause has been added to work contracts, specifying heavy penalty for the surviving relatives of the suicide) come in contact with my skin, but that's me, and that can't be but a minority.
Just brought HTC One after using iphone since long.HTC one is really amazing n m already in love with it.Just wanted to ask anyone from india should i update to android 4.2.2. Is thr any advantages over 4.1.2 becoz i m happy with 4.1.2. Thanks in advance.; Just brought HTC One after using iphone since long.HTC one is really amazing n m already in love with it.Just wanted to ask anyone from india should i update to android 4.2.2. Is thr any advantages over 4.1.2 becoz i m happy with 4.1.2. Thanks in advance.
This fone is nansense... Do not by it! It cracks in pockets... Htc say dont put fone in pocket... Den wears you put fone... Hold fone in hand all day? Dant buy this... Waste money...; This fone is nansense... Do not by it! It cracks in pockets... Htc say dont put fone in pocket... Den wears you put fone... Hold fone in hand all day? Dant buy this... Waste money...
siquet, 31 Aug 2013Samsung S3, S4 like best Android Smart phones are supports many of their applications from Pla... moreYes off course.; Yes off course.
Samsung S3, S4 like best Android Smart phones are supports many of their applications from Play Store ! So what about HTC One ? Is it like that too ? Many of their applications will support for this phone like samsung S3 and 4 ? 
 
 Reply please !
 
 I need to know that before i am buying it !
 
 I don't have any friend who have HTC One...
 So i cannot find it myself !; Samsung S3, S4 like best Android Smart phones are supports many of their applications from Play Store ! So what about HTC One ? Is it like that too ? Many of their applications will support for this phone like samsung S3 and 4 ?; Reply please !; I need to know that before i am buying it !; I don't have any friend who have HTC One...; So i cannot find it myself !
I love this phone. It has good design with some features as their standard.. Good !!; I love this phone. It has good design with some features as their standard.. Good !!
Revolution of Z, 31 Aug 2013As you like because I dun think dust will damage this Phone. If you want Xperia Z, you also ca... morebecause what ?; because what ?
joseph96, 31 Aug 2013FOR HTC one vs Xperia Z...the HTC one wins because of elegant UI,good design and overall bette... moreya right.. xperia z is not waterproof. Its water resistance. phone.I all ready used z but now not in working condition because waterproof capabilities not useful ...; ya right.. xperia z is not waterproof. Its water resistance. phone.I all ready used z but now not in working condition because waterproof capabilities not useful ...
sleeplessmind, 31 Aug 2013I really love this phone but I am worried about something because of my work as petroleum engi... moreI have an HTC One, and I listen to music on it while I get ready for work in the morning. I've splashed water on it accidentally, and the speaker holes are so small that the water drops bead over top of them without draining into the phone. Very fine dust might make it in, but you could put a screen cover over the speaker hole areas.; I have an HTC One, and I listen to music on it while I get ready for work in the morning. I've splashed water on it accidentally, and the speaker holes are so small that the water drops bead over top of them without draining into the phone. Very fine dust might make it in, but you could put a screen cover over the speaker hole areas.
sleeplessmind, 31 Aug 2013I really love this phone but I am worried about something because of my work as petroleum engi... moreAs you like because I dun think dust will damage this Phone. If you want Xperia Z, you also can buy it, it's real Dust and Water Resistant(Not like Stupid S4 Active). I won't force you to buy Xperia Z, if you love this phone you can go for it because I dun want other people say I'm a Troll, you can go to Xperia Z User Opinion and Reviews to find me, btw if you buy this phone, use it carefully and treasure it, because like you said you are working on a hard environment. :); As you like because I dun think dust will damage this Phone. If you want Xperia Z, you also can buy it, it's real Dust and Water Resistant(Not like Stupid S4 Active). I won't force you to buy Xperia Z, if you love this phone you can go for it because I dun want other people say I'm a Troll, you can go to Xperia Z User Opinion and Reviews to find me, btw if you buy this phone, use it carefully and treasure it, because like you said you are working on a hard environment. :)
Tenzee, 31 Aug 2013Which mobile security should i download on my cell (HTC One)? Any recommendation???Easy - get a Z10 blackberry for all work related and security matters. Android will never be a secure environment for work and there are many people out there hacking into Android (apart from the Goggle spyware); Easy - get a Z10 blackberry for all work related and security matters. Android will never be a secure environment for work and there are many people out there hacking into Android (apart from the Goggle spyware)
I really love this phone but I am worried about something because of my work as petroleum engineer my phone is exposed to hard environment especially dust so I am afraid that dust will get into those big front speakers and fill it causing the damage of the phone , should I be worried of this problem ? And what about Sony xperia z ( dust proof ) Is it better ?; I really love this phone but I am worried about something because of my work as petroleum engineer my phone is exposed to hard environment especially dust so I am afraid that dust will get into those big front speakers and fill it causing the damage of the phone , should I be worried of this problem ? And what about Sony xperia z ( dust proof ) Is it better ?
goood hand stett; goood hand stett
Tenzee, 31 Aug 2013Which mobile security should i download on my cell (HTC One)? Any recommendation???Avg Mobile security is good....; Avg Mobile security is good....
Which mobile security should i download on my cell (HTC One)? Any recommendation???; Which mobile security should i download on my cell (HTC One)? Any recommendation???
FOR HTC one vs Xperia Z...the HTC one wins because of elegant UI,good design and overall better phone...and one thing that if you put repeatedly your XPERIA Z in water ...the speakers get spoilt(my friends problem)..so its NOT completely WATERPROOF...the htc one when holding in hand has a certain premium feel about it..; FOR HTC one vs Xperia Z...the HTC one wins because of elegant UI,good design and overall better phone...and one thing that if you put repeatedly your XPERIA Z in water ...the speakers get spoilt(my friends problem)..so its NOT completely WATERPROOF...the htc one when holding in hand has a certain premium feel about it..
Has any one experienced issues with the just Inbuilt memory in HTC One?; Has any one experienced issues with the just Inbuilt memory in HTC One?
I need advice about my HTC one.The Keyboard always is not shaking a little...Pls what will i do.; I need advice about my HTC one.The Keyboard always is not shaking a little...Pls what will i do.
Does this phone has the facility of adding external memory????; Does this phone has the facility of adding external memory????
Chishty, 29 Aug 2013Hi guys, I am reading opinion of forms and I can not figure out which set I have to choose fo... moreHtc one better brother.; Htc one better brother.
Chishty, 30 Aug 2013Thanks for your suggestion. I am currently using iPhone and now I am looking for Android one.... morei would definitely say NO to Sony Xperia Z. Try Samsung galaxy s4 or HTC one. The top 2 android phones; i would definitely say NO to Sony Xperia Z. Try Samsung galaxy s4 or HTC one. The top 2 android phones
Chishty, 30 Aug 2013Thanks for your suggestion. I am currently using iPhone and now I am looking for Android one.... moreI will suggest you to take HTC One or Xperia Z. Only these 2 phones is the BEST for now. S4 is a plastic crap, come one, try some new like Aluminium or Glass, dun stuck at Plastic Era. Except Software, S4 is a loser.; I will suggest you to take HTC One or Xperia Z. Only these 2 phones is the BEST for now. S4 is a plastic crap, come one, try some new like Aluminium or Glass, dun stuck at Plastic Era. Except Software, S4 is a loser.
roni, 29 Aug 2013hi chishty..i want to tell you ...if you already have glaxy s3 then you shoud purchace HTC one... moreThanks for your suggestion.
 I am currently using iPhone and now I am looking for Android one.
 So what would you suggest me?; Thanks for your suggestion.; I am currently using iPhone and now I am looking for Android one.; So what would you suggest me?
Wan, 28 Aug 2013Which one should i buy, HTC ONE or HTC BUTTERFLY S? Plz give me suggestion...I had the same question b4.. HTC One or Butterfly S..
 
 But at d end i had chosen HTC One.. Reasons:
 
 1) Screen looks better (U can watch by yourself thru Youtube)
 2) Sound better (Coz i feel that Butterfly S 2 front speakers r smaller or a bit covered up)
 3) Camera with Optical Image Stabilization (Ultra pixel needs this to come out with better photos)
 
 Hope d above help u to make decision..; I had the same question b4.. HTC One or Butterfly S..; But at d end i had chosen HTC One.. Reasons:; 1) Screen looks better (U can watch by yourself thru Youtube); 2) Sound better (Coz i feel that Butterfly S 2 front speakers r smaller or a bit covered up); 3) Camera with Optical Image Stabilization (Ultra pixel needs this to come out with better photos); Hope d above help u to make decision..
Techno J., 30 Aug 2013I am really sorry Mr. Techno J. , actually i had posted this same two times but no body was re... moreI could reply to your first Point, its cam is just 4 mp (wide lens) first of it kinds (Ultra pixels). We would see improvement in upcoming models and days. Check the Camera spec for Sammsung Galaxy S (First of its kind) 5MP I guess. it never being a disadvantage to a phone. Still the color definition of a HDR pic in HTC one is way better than other phones.So its has its PROS and CONS..; I could reply to your first Point, its cam is just 4 mp (wide lens) first of it kinds (Ultra pixels). We would see improvement in upcoming models and days. Check the Camera spec for Sammsung Galaxy S (First of its kind) 5MP I guess. it never being a disadvantage to a phone. Still the color definition of a HDR pic in HTC one is way better than other phones.So its has its PROS and CONS..
Techno J., 30 Aug 2013First of all, can you use a another username; rather than trolling here by using someone's use... moreI am really sorry Mr. Techno J. , actually i had posted this same two times but no body was replying so i had to use your name so that if somebody reply or your blood start running in your body after seeing this . I am sorry for this
 
 now come to the point , whatever you replied regarding s4 thanks for that but i nowhere asked about the issue which you have mention 
 read i have metioned that 1- there in HTC one we can not zoom a Picture till deepest part of it like other smartphones can perform and second was , there is no option of rotation screen during the video play which is embarrasing they should provide it on vdo screen itself so that auto rotation won't work anywhere or in all apps
 
 
 so, my point was different and what you mention was something else
 
 thanks for you response
 
 regards :); I am really sorry Mr. Techno J. , actually i had posted this same two times but no body was replying so i had to use your name so that if somebody reply or your blood start running in your body after seeing this . I am sorry for this; now come to the point , whatever you replied regarding s4 thanks for that but i nowhere asked about the issue which you have mention; read i have metioned that 1- there in HTC one we can not zoom a Picture till deepest part of it like other smartphones can perform and second was , there is no option of rotation screen during the video play which is embarrasing they should provide it on vdo screen itself so that auto rotation won't work anywhere or in all apps; so, my point was different and what you mention was something else; thanks for you response; regards :)
Techno J., 29 Aug 20131- In this phone we can not zoom IN a photo which is downloaded by any source like we can do i... moreFirst of all, can you use a another username; rather than trolling here by using someone's username.
 
 Let me explain S4 silly features. The Smart Pause. It's automatically stop the video playing when the user turn his head. But what happens if there are two or more people watching the same video?. Doesn't it annoying?
 
 The Smart Scroll, it enables that movement of the webpage according to your movement of the eyeballs. Some times it's never respond and we have to look at the webpage constantly it's hurting your eyes and neck. Just imagine you are reading a web article. You have to only focuses at it without even moving your head and eyeballs, if needed. Just imagine how it's hurt your eyes and even neck when you looking at the phone display around 3min constantly.
 
 So every phone has it own advantages and disadvantages. The drawbacks that you have mentioned regarding HTC One are not serious problems. But if I start to talk about the drawbacks about S4, I can list around 10.
 
 Anyway nice attempts to trolling here, better luck next time.
 
 Buy!; First of all, can you use a another username; rather than trolling here by using someone's username.; Let me explain S4 silly features. The Smart Pause. It's automatically stop the video playing when the user turn his head. But what happens if there are two or more people watching the same video?. Doesn't it annoying?; The Smart Scroll, it enables that movement of the webpage according to your movement of the eyeballs. Some times it's never respond and we have to look at the webpage constantly it's hurting your eyes and neck. Just imagine you are reading a web article. You have to only focuses at it without even moving your head and eyeballs, if needed. Just imagine how it's hurt your eyes and even neck when you looking at the phone display around 3min constantly.; So every phone has it own advantages and disadvantages. The drawbacks that you have mentioned regarding HTC One are not serious problems. But if I start to talk about the drawbacks about S4, I can list around 10.; Anyway nice attempts to trolling here, better luck next time.; Buy!
I got this phone today and I must say it's a good phone but has a little damage on plastic sides out of the box; I got this phone today and I must say it's a good phone but has a little damage on plastic sides out of the box
A tough one: I need to decide between HTC One or MOTO X. Keep in mind, i'm taking a decision based on if it's plastic or aluminium. Suggestions? thanks; A tough one: I need to decide between HTC One or MOTO X. Keep in mind, i'm taking a decision based on if it's plastic or aluminium. Suggestions? thanks
1- In this phone we can not zoom IN a photo which is downloaded by any source like we can do in other phones and we just can zoom a photo when we turn ON "Magnification gestures" but then we have to tap for tree tym on screen or if we typing any msg and we put backspace continuously , the screen goes zoom IN 
 just a rubbish and irritating this is .
 
 2- When we watch a vdo , there should be a option like SAMSUNG provide while vdo is playing which is you can just click and rotate the screen at that time only which will not apply on whole system but, in this phone, you first need to go to setting and then turn on "auto rotate" 
 huh , very very silly things they missed in this 
 i hope they will update it .; 1- In this phone we can not zoom IN a photo which is downloaded by any source like we can do in other phones and we just can zoom a photo when we turn ON "Magnification gestures" but then we have to tap for tree tym on screen or if we typing any msg and we put backspace continuously , the screen goes zoom IN; just a rubbish and irritating this is .; 2- When we watch a vdo , there should be a option like SAMSUNG provide while vdo is playing which is you can just click and rotate the screen at that time only which will not apply on whole system but, in this phone, you first need to go to setting and then turn on "auto rotate"; huh , very very silly things they missed in this; i hope they will update it .
GSMArena, you forgot to specify that the USB here is an "ON-the-Go" one.. 
 fix it, that's important.
 
 Also.. "audio quality" data is incorrect: clicking on it we are directed to the review and original measurements, which are much better than those put on the phone data page: correct those.; GSMArena, you forgot to specify that the USB here is an "ON-the-Go" one..; fix it, that's important.; Also.. "audio quality" data is incorrect: clicking on it we are directed to the review and original measurements, which are much better than those put on the phone data page: correct those.
Chishty, 29 Aug 2013Hi guys, I am reading opinion of forms and I can not figure out which set I have to choose fo... moreThere's no comparison between the two. HTC is a serious brand.. and if you shop from them you really get what specifics schedules say ;)
 Same about Sony, or Nokia.
 Not the same about Samsung: they are like fireworks.. amazing while you read specs.. and then you hold nothing on your hands.; There's no comparison between the two. HTC is a serious brand.. and if you shop from them you really get what specifics schedules say ;); Same about Sony, or Nokia.; Not the same about Samsung: they are like fireworks.. amazing while you read specs.. and then you hold nothing on your hands.
Chishty, 29 Aug 2013Hi guys, I am reading opinion of forms and I can not figure out which set I have to choose fo... morehi chishty..i want to tell you ...if you already have glaxy s3 then you shoud purchace HTC one other wise you purchase glaxy s4 ...because s4 is the same shap of s3 and its not look loke a new mobile; hi chishty..i want to tell you ...if you already have glaxy s3 then you shoud purchace HTC one other wise you purchase glaxy s4 ...because s4 is the same shap of s3 and its not look loke a new mobile
bysla, 29 Aug 2013Which one is better HTC One or S4? I really like the design of the HTC and how android looks i... moreDont worry about the battery.. It works fine on mine..; Dont worry about the battery.. It works fine on mine..
Which one is better HTC One or S4? I really like the design of the HTC and how android looks in this one but i'm doubtful in terms of battery life and the fact that it can't be removed; Which one is better HTC One or S4? I really like the design of the HTC and how android looks in this one but i'm doubtful in terms of battery life and the fact that it can't be removed
Hi guys,
 I am reading opinion of forms and I can not figure out which set I have to choose for long term.
 S4 or HTC ONE?
 Can you please guide me.
 Thanks; Hi guys,; I am reading opinion of forms and I can not figure out which set I have to choose for long term.; S4 or HTC ONE?; Can you please guide me.; Thanks
what.a.long.story, 28 Aug 2013(out of time to edit my previous post).. I only now see this phone has not an USB on the go... moreOffcourse it has USB On the Go feature! I used it to transfer files from my pc to my HTC one vice versa 
 I even stored my HD movie collections on my 32gb sandisk cruizer and watch it on my phone directly, so I dont have to transfer the movies to my phone and eat a lot of space.; Offcourse it has USB On the Go feature! I used it to transfer files from my pc to my HTC one vice versa; I even stored my HD movie collections on my 32gb sandisk cruizer and watch it on my phone directly, so I dont have to transfer the movies to my phone and eat a lot of space.
what.a.long.story, 28 Aug 2013Thanks. You see, I am ignorant about these issues. So I have some other question (after some s... moreYou can move any file into a usb storage but I don't have any experience using a usb a storage. Let's guess if you downloaded a game around 200mb, so there is no need of storing it in the apps storage. Then you can move it into the phone storage. Like wise you can store heavy games in the phone storage rather than the apps storage. I think 32gb will not sufficient for you under this scenario; you should buy the 64gb version of the HTC ONE; You can move any file into a usb storage but I don't have any experience using a usb a storage. Let's guess if you downloaded a game around 200mb, so there is no need of storing it in the apps storage. Then you can move it into the phone storage. Like wise you can store heavy games in the phone storage rather than the apps storage. I think 32gb will not sufficient for you under this scenario; you should buy the 64gb version of the HTC ONE
Which one should i buy, HTC ONE or HTC BUTTERFLY S? Plz give me suggestion...; Which one should i buy, HTC ONE or HTC BUTTERFLY S? Plz give me suggestion...
(out of time to edit my previous post)..
 
 I only now see this phone has not an USB on the go feature.
 How to do then?; (out of time to edit my previous post)..; I only now see this phone has not an USB on the go feature.; How to do then?
Techno J., 25 Aug 2013I'm using 32gb version of the HTC One. There is 6gb allocated for the apps storage and 25gb fo... moreThanks. You see, I am ignorant about these issues. So I have some other question (after some search I made). I see there are 2 ways to move files outwards and towards a phone like HTC One:
 1) An Android-compatible USB Flash Drive
 2) An USB On-the-Go cable.. that can connect the phone with, for example, an external hard drive, or any computer (or a normal, non Android-compatible USB Flash Drive I suppose).
 Now my last doubt is: can I move apps to external memory units, or only audio-video files? I don't want to keep many many apps on my phone, but I want to buy and play some hundred games.. and then I wonder if I can move my purchased games to external memory, and move them into the phone again later when I want to use them again.; Thanks. You see, I am ignorant about these issues. So I have some other question (after some search I made). I see there are 2 ways to move files outwards and towards a phone like HTC One:; 1) An Android-compatible USB Flash Drive; 2) An USB On-the-Go cable.. that can connect the phone with, for example, an external hard drive, or any computer (or a normal, non Android-compatible USB Flash Drive I suppose).; Now my last doubt is: can I move apps to external memory units, or only audio-video files? I don't want to keep many many apps on my phone, but I want to buy and play some hundred games.. and then I wonder if I can move my purchased games to external memory, and move them into the phone again later when I want to use them again.
Gorilla Glass 2 is far better than Gorilla Glass 3 who can attest to that? HTC One deserves to win every accolade this year and next year even years to come. it looks beautiful in my hand everyone is asking what is this phone. Great work HTC; Gorilla Glass 2 is far better than Gorilla Glass 3 who can attest to that? HTC One deserves to win every accolade this year and next year even years to come. it looks beautiful in my hand everyone is asking what is this phone. Great work HTC
wahby , 28 Aug 2013Disable mobile data? I think that is only when I have asses to wifi Ohh... My bad.. Then better keep the power saver mode always on and tick the option to disable the mobile data when in sleep mode. That should do it..; Ohh... My bad.. Then better keep the power saver mode always on and tick the option to disable the mobile data when in sleep mode. That should do it..
Is the battery non removable then?; Is the battery non removable then?
wahby , 28 Aug 2013Disable mobile data? I think that is only when I have asses to wifi Yes, you can manually disable data connection when not used. You don't need to have it on all the time. This will save a lot of your battery., especially if y ou have LTE data connection.; Yes, you can manually disable data connection when not used. You don't need to have it on all the time. This will save a lot of your battery., especially if y ou have LTE data connection.
Blazing Bird, 28 Aug 2013Regarding the battery thing i have a good one for u. Keep the brightness at 40 %. Disable Mobi... moreDisable mobile data? I think that is only when I have asses to wifi; Disable mobile data? I think that is only when I have asses to wifi
wow what a fantastic phone i am going to get one for myself believe it or not..i love the phone already; wow what a fantastic phone i am going to get one for myself believe it or not..i love the phone already
wahby , 28 Aug 2013Thanks guy. Am getting htc one soon. If battery can last even from down to dust am very much o... moreRegarding the battery thing i have a good one for u. Keep the brightness at 40 %. Disable Mobile Data.. I use it everyday and in normal use a full battery lasts from 6 30 am to 10 pm.. and thats really good i would say. in my office i use wifi download some light stuff.. Ofcourse HD games will use the battery but that wont eat much either. Overall it has the best battery life yet in an android device..; Regarding the battery thing i have a good one for u. Keep the brightness at 40 %. Disable Mobile Data.. I use it everyday and in normal use a full battery lasts from 6 30 am to 10 pm.. and thats really good i would say. in my office i use wifi download some light stuff.. Ofcourse HD games will use the battery but that wont eat much either. Overall it has the best battery life yet in an android device..
hassann, 27 Aug 2013Please help me out here... Personally I like both GS4 and HTC one, after reading all the revi... moreHTC one is premium phone than any other phone in the market .Its got fluid interface like iPhone os. world no1 display, audio quality ,camera is good in all situation that means u got better quality photo even shake your hand.expandable storage not a broblem. if s4 got micro SD card slot u get only 8gb out of 16gb u cannot move apps and games to micro SD card. HTC one u got 32gb or 64gb internal storage that enough for a phone ...; HTC one is premium phone than any other phone in the market .Its got fluid interface like iPhone os. world no1 display, audio quality ,camera is good in all situation that means u got better quality photo even shake your hand.expandable storage not a broblem. if s4 got micro SD card slot u get only 8gb out of 16gb u cannot move apps and games to micro SD card. HTC one u got 32gb or 64gb internal storage that enough for a phone ...
Anonymous, 27 Aug 2013why is it that the battery is unremovable if incase the battery get spoil then l should throw ... moreembedded batteries are not supposed to replaced by users, just take your phone to any mobile repair shop & he will do the battery replacement for you.; embedded batteries are not supposed to replaced by users, just take your phone to any mobile repair shop & he will do the battery replacement for you.
I am using right now, i love the shape of it and the colour(RED)its very friendly user and has every thing you ever wanted.
 You cannot compare to any other ones...
 Very well done(HTC)guys.Keep it up.; I am using right now, i love the shape of it and the colour(RED)its very friendly user and has every thing you ever wanted.; You cannot compare to any other ones...; Very well done(HTC)guys.Keep it up.
Techno J., 28 Aug 2013The battery life is good, if you manage it safely you can definitely use it definitely 2 days.... moreThanks guy. Am getting htc one soon. If battery can last even from down to dust am very much ok. Audio quality of this phone is really attracting me, I think htc has raised the bar too high for others to beat in this aspect.; Thanks guy. Am getting htc one soon. If battery can last even from down to dust am very much ok. Audio quality of this phone is really attracting me, I think htc has raised the bar too high for others to beat in this aspect.
Blazing Bird, 28 Aug 2013I have been using the ONE since two weeks and what i liked about this phone is... lets say eve... moreYeah all you said is true htc one best and lag free.; Yeah all you said is true htc one best and lag free.
I have been using the ONE since two weeks and what i liked about this phone is... lets say everything.. im not much of an android fan. coz so far i have experienced many lags and freezes in my previous android devices but frankly to be honest, the ONE just slaps the lags down to the ground. Its completely lag free. I would like to give you a short note on how this device is simple the ONE in every feature it has besides being just an android Phone.
 
 No.1 in Audio: Beats Audio
 No.1 in Display: 1920 x 1080 HD with resolution 468 ppi (the maximum out there)
 No.1 in Performance: 2 GB Ram Adreno 320 GPU 1.7 ghz Quadcore Snapdragon 600 CPU
 No.1 in Structure: Aluminum Unibody
 No.1 in Camera: 4 Ultrapixels - Great images in lowlight
 
 There are many more and i really think that if one has to take an android phone then i dont find any better option than the ONE. Coz its simply the best Android Phone currently in the market.. :-); I have been using the ONE since two weeks and what i liked about this phone is... lets say everything.. im not much of an android fan. coz so far i have experienced many lags and freezes in my previous android devices but frankly to be honest, the ONE just slaps the lags down to the ground. Its completely lag free. I would like to give you a short note on how this device is simple the ONE in every feature it has besides being just an android Phone.; No.1 in Audio: Beats Audio; No.1 in Display: 1920 x 1080 HD with resolution 468 ppi (the maximum out there); No.1 in Performance: 2 GB Ram Adreno 320 GPU 1.7 ghz Quadcore Snapdragon 600 CPU; No.1 in Structure: Aluminum Unibody; No.1 in Camera: 4 Ultrapixels - Great images in lowlight; There are many more and i really think that if one has to take an android phone then i dont find any better option than the ONE. Coz its simply the best Android Phone currently in the market.. :-)
its better than S4 especially the speaker and ultrapixel camera which really got its perfection; its better than S4 especially the speaker and ultrapixel camera which really got its perfection
wahby , 27 Aug 2013Good review from you guy! If taking pictures ei... moreThe battery life is good, if you manage it safely you can definitely use it definitely 2 days. And other things that I like about this phone is the super user friendly and lag free User Interface. Just check the HTC UI with many other high-end Android phones in the market, you will understand it. This phone is utterly lag free, while my friends who using the S4 are complaining that it's lagging frequently. The music quality of this phone is superb, the best music quality no doubt, even better than iphone and Xperia. When comes to the display, its display is excellent, but not the best. According to my experience the Xperia Z has the best display. The HTC One display stand for the second place. However there is not a big difference in those two displays, some times it feels the equal. When comparing the HTC One display with the S4 or iPhone 5 you will feel what a waste of they are. Another great feature is frontal dual speakers, much needed for the Skype video calls and loud speaker calls. Just imagine how annoying it is when the loud speaker placed on back side. The camera is good like I was said earlier, this is the only phone that produces natural looking photos. If you take photo of sky from the S4, the clouds are not visible in photo.
 
 What I can say is this the best Android device in the market right now, don't mislead to the internet articles that mentioned the S4 is the best phone and what they are saying. Most of them are get paid from manufacturers to promote their phones. Just look at your own eyes. HTC is the most awards won Android phone in the market.; The battery life is good, if you manage it safely you can definitely use it definitely 2 days. And other things that I like about this phone is the super user friendly and lag free User Interface. Just check the HTC UI with many other high-end Android phones in the market, you will understand it. This phone is utterly lag free, while my friends who using the S4 are complaining that it's lagging frequently. The music quality of this phone is superb, the best music quality no doubt, even better than iphone and Xperia. When comes to the display, its display is excellent, but not the best. According to my experience the Xperia Z has the best display. The HTC One display stand for the second place. However there is not a big difference in those two displays, some times it feels the equal. When comparing the HTC One display with the S4 or iPhone 5 you will feel what a waste of they are. Another great feature is frontal dual speakers, much needed for the Skype video calls and loud speaker calls. Just imagine how annoying it is when the loud speaker placed on back side. The camera is good like I was said earlier, this is the only phone that produces natural looking photos. If you take photo of sky from the S4, the clouds are not visible in photo.; What I can say is this the best Android device in the market right now, don't mislead to the internet articles that mentioned the S4 is the best phone and what they are saying. Most of them are get paid from manufacturers to promote their phones. Just look at your own eyes. HTC is the most awards won Android phone in the market.
Best ever monile ive used, been using ipjone 4&4s&5, this HTC one UI is unbeatable. Snapdragon 600 very stable processor. Can't fault this device.; Best ever monile ive used, been using ipjone 4&4s&5, this HTC one UI is unbeatable. Snapdragon 600 very stable processor. Can't fault this device.
HaHa 123, 27 Aug 2013Looking for new smartphone..htc one? blackberry z10? s4? experia z? or iphone 5? which one is ... moreHtc one anytime; Htc one anytime
mak, 27 Aug 2013htc one or galaxy s4????? please suggestI9500 s4 better then all.what not in it?more facility then any other phone yet.; I9500 s4 better then all.what not in it?more facility then any other phone yet.
mak, 27 Aug 2013htc one or galaxy s4????? please suggestplease dont go for S4..... shit phone a very common problem is that they keep turning off even 49% still remains....; please dont go for S4..... shit phone a very common problem is that they keep turning off even 49% still remains....
HaHa 123, 27 Aug 2013Looking for new smartphone..htc one? blackberry z10? s4? experia z? or iphone 5? which one is ... moreGo for htc. Its superb. In terms of design, screen resolution and speaker. Im using both iphone 5 and htc one now. When i got the htc one im barely using the iphone 5 &#128513;&#128513;.; Go for htc. Its superb. In terms of design, screen resolution and speaker. Im using both iphone 5 and htc one now. When i got the htc one im barely using the iphone 5 &#128513;&#128513;.
mak, 27 Aug 2013htc one or galaxy s4????? please suggestonly htc one very nice phone; only htc one very nice phone
htc one or galaxy s4?????
 
 please suggest; htc one or galaxy s4?????; please suggest
Looking for new smartphone..htc one? blackberry z10? s4? experia z? or iphone 5? which one is worth it in term of all aspects?? Help me!!; Looking for new smartphone..htc one? blackberry z10? s4? experia z? or iphone 5? which one is worth it in term of all aspects?? Help me!!
Jack, 27 Aug 2013Good specially if you transfer from phone to Laptop or PC.Oh jack! Is that right? Thanks; Oh jack! Is that right? Thanks
Techno J., 27 Aug 2013What I can say about the camera is it's a perfect camera, it's not the best but perfect enough... moreGood review from you guy! If taking pictures either in good or bad light conditions can produces sharp image at least above average, am ok. You said it gives natural color, that is a big plus for me. That is why I don't want to use AMOLED. Can zoomin of pictures taking with this phone be done on the phone's screen without resulting to bluring? If that can happen, am ok, I don't care how it appears on other device's screen. Pls techno j, tell me about the battery and some other things that makes you prefer this phone to other high-ends phones u have experienced. Thanks a lot for u response.; Good review from you guy! If taking pictures either in good or bad light conditions can produces sharp image at least above average, am ok. You said it gives natural color, that is a big plus for me. That is why I don't want to use AMOLED. Can zoomin of pictures taking with this phone be done on the phone's screen without resulting to bluring? If that can happen, am ok, I don't care how it appears on other device's screen. Pls techno j, tell me about the battery and some other things that makes you prefer this phone to other high-ends phones u have experienced. Thanks a lot for u response.
Techno J., 27 Aug 2013What I can say about the camera is it's a perfect camera, it's not the best but perfect enough... moreGood review from you guy! If taking pictures either in good or bad light conditions can produces sharp image at least above average, am ok. You said it gives natural color, that is a big plus for me. That is why I don't want to use AMOLED. Can zoomin of pictures taking with this phone be done on the phone's screen without resulting to bluring? If that can happen, am ok, I don't care how it appears on other device's screen. Pls techno j, tell me about the battery and some other things that makes you prefer this phone to other high-ends phones u have experienced. Thanks a lot for u response.; Good review from you guy! If taking pictures either in good or bad light conditions can produces sharp image at least above average, am ok. You said it gives natural color, that is a big plus for me. That is why I don't want to use AMOLED. Can zoomin of pictures taking with this phone be done on the phone's screen without resulting to bluring? If that can happen, am ok, I don't care how it appears on other device's screen. Pls techno j, tell me about the battery and some other things that makes you prefer this phone to other high-ends phones u have experienced. Thanks a lot for u response.
Techno J., 27 Aug 2013What I can say about the camera is it's a perfect camera, it's not the best but perfect enough... moreGood review from you guy! If taking pictures either in good or bad light conditions can produces sharp image at least above average, am ok. You said it gives natural color, that is a big plus for me. That is why I don't want to use AMOLED. Can zoomin of pictures taking with this phone be done on the phone's screen without resulting to bluring? If that can happen, am ok, I don't care how it appears on other device's screen. Pls techno j, tell me about the battery and some other things that makes you prefer this phone to other high-ends phones u have experienced. Thanks a lot for u response.; Good review from you guy! If taking pictures either in good or bad light conditions can produces sharp image at least above average, am ok. You said it gives natural color, that is a big plus for me. That is why I don't want to use AMOLED. Can zoomin of pictures taking with this phone be done on the phone's screen without resulting to bluring? If that can happen, am ok, I don't care how it appears on other device's screen. Pls techno j, tell me about the battery and some other things that makes you prefer this phone to other high-ends phones u have experienced. Thanks a lot for u response.
why is it that the battery is unremovable if incase the battery get spoil then l should throw it away?anyway is better phone but l still doubt the battery condition.what will be the solution to my question?; why is it that the battery is unremovable if incase the battery get spoil then l should throw it away?anyway is better phone but l still doubt the battery condition.what will be the solution to my question?
hassann, 27 Aug 2013Please help me out here... Personally I like both GS4 and HTC one, after reading all the revi... moreWell if u r looking for a gorgeous looking phone, with more natural life like screen not over saturated, great for social networking and music then definitely go for HTC theres no other option S4 doesnt even stand a chance; Well if u r looking for a gorgeous looking phone, with more natural life like screen not over saturated, great for social networking and music then definitely go for HTC theres no other option S4 doesnt even stand a chance
Please help me out here...
 Personally I like both GS4 and HTC one, after reading all the reviews about these two, I am really confused, like GS4 has heating problem and plastic back, Htc one has battery problem etc. I dont care about radio or sd slot. What I need is fast and solid phone so that it wont break easilly.
 So plz tell me which one I should pick???????; Please help me out here...; Personally I like both GS4 and HTC one, after reading all the reviews about these two, I am really confused, like GS4 has heating problem and plastic back, Htc one has battery problem etc. I dont care about radio or sd slot. What I need is fast and solid phone so that it wont break easilly.; So plz tell me which one I should pick???????
1- In this phone we can not zoom IN a photo which is downloaded by any source like we can do in other phones and we just can zoom a photo when we turn ON "Magnification gestures" but then we have to tap for tree tym on screen or if we typing any msg and we put backspace continuously , the screen goes zoom IN 
 just a rubbish and irritating this is .
 
 2- When we watch a vdo , there should be a option like SAMSUNG provide while vdo is playing which is you can just click and rotate the screen at that time only which will not apply on whole system but, in this phone, you first need to go to setting and then turn on "auto rotate" 
 huh , very very silly things they missed in this 
 i hope they will update it .; 1- In this phone we can not zoom IN a photo which is downloaded by any source like we can do in other phones and we just can zoom a photo when we turn ON "Magnification gestures" but then we have to tap for tree tym on screen or if we typing any msg and we put backspace continuously , the screen goes zoom IN; just a rubbish and irritating this is .; 2- When we watch a vdo , there should be a option like SAMSUNG provide while vdo is playing which is you can just click and rotate the screen at that time only which will not apply on whole system but, in this phone, you first need to go to setting and then turn on "auto rotate"; huh , very very silly things they missed in this; i hope they will update it .
the phone is the best just the camera...eish; the phone is the best just the camera...eish
wahby , 27 Aug 2013Pls who can give details about the camera quality of this phone?, experienced users pls!What I can say about the camera is it's a perfect camera, it's not the best but perfect enough for the high quality day to day photography and fastest shutter speed is much needed for take a immediate shot.
 
 I have experience with the high-end phones like HTC One, S4, Xperia Z and Lumia 925. Among them only the HTC One takes the most natural and realistic pictures. Some times the photos taken from S4, Lumia 925 and Xperia Z doesn't look natural (over saturated). And another advantage of the HTC One is its low lights performance, but it's not much great as Lumia 925. The low light and indoor photos taken from the S4 is horrible. The Wide Angle lens of the HTC One perfect for the landscape photography and you can take a group shot even 10 persons, perfectly fit for the frame. The innovative features are fantastic and very useful, however the S4 has the most features in the HTC One. When comes to the video recording I feel the HTC One is the best for the video recording but Lumia is good in better video stability.
 
 When we talk about drawbacks, lack of zooming of the photos. The pictures taken from the HTC One are lower resolutions (it's not effects the quality of the photos only for the zooming) than many phones in the market. Therefore we can't zoom much in a computer which a photo taken from the HTC One. It's start to blur beyond 3x zoom. The day light photos of the HTC One is arguable. Some are saying they are good and some are complaining they are bad. However what I feel most people evaluate it by looking at the picture colours. HTC One takes more natural photos almost same like looking at your eyes. While S4 and Lumia 925 takes saturated and much vibrant colours. However the new 4.2.2 has increased the vibrant of the photos.
 
 Finally my conclusion is the HTC One camera is a perfect camera don't misleading for the internet articles. But I acknowledge since it has some problems. The every phone you takes has it's own disadvantages. What I feel here is, the new UltraPixel concept of the HTC is a good idea, HTC should keep improve that technology. I hope next time the HTC will design a phone with a 8up camera.; What I can say about the camera is it's a perfect camera, it's not the best but perfect enough for the high quality day to day photography and fastest shutter speed is much needed for take a immediate shot.; I have experience with the high-end phones like HTC One, S4, Xperia Z and Lumia 925. Among them only the HTC One takes the most natural and realistic pictures. Some times the photos taken from S4, Lumia 925 and Xperia Z doesn't look natural (over saturated). And another advantage of the HTC One is its low lights performance, but it's not much great as Lumia 925. The low light and indoor photos taken from the S4 is horrible. The Wide Angle lens of the HTC One perfect for the landscape photography and you can take a group shot even 10 persons, perfectly fit for the frame. The innovative features are fantastic and very useful, however the S4 has the most features in the HTC One. When comes to the video recording I feel the HTC One is the best for the video recording but Lumia is good in better video stability.; When we talk about drawbacks, lack of zooming of the photos. The pictures taken from the HTC One are lower resolutions (it's not effects the quality of the photos only for the zooming) than many phones in the market. Therefore we can't zoom much in a computer which a photo taken from the HTC One. It's start to blur beyond 3x zoom. The day light photos of the HTC One is arguable. Some are saying they are good and some are complaining they are bad. However what I feel most people evaluate it by looking at the picture colours. HTC One takes more natural photos almost same like looking at your eyes. While S4 and Lumia 925 takes saturated and much vibrant colours. However the new 4.2.2 has increased the vibrant of the photos.; Finally my conclusion is the HTC One camera is a perfect camera don't misleading for the internet articles. But I acknowledge since it has some problems. The every phone you takes has it's own disadvantages. What I feel here is, the new UltraPixel concept of the HTC is a good idea, HTC should keep improve that technology. I hope next time the HTC will design a phone with a 8up camera.
wahby , 27 Aug 2013Pls who can give details about the camera quality of this phone?, experienced users pls!Good specially if you transfer from phone to Laptop or PC.; Good specially if you transfer from phone to Laptop or PC.
Pls who can give details about the camera quality of this phone?, experienced users pls!; Pls who can give details about the camera quality of this phone?, experienced users pls!
Gemini, 26 Aug 2013Does this phone hv face detection?R u blind? It has face n smile detection; R u blind? It has face n smile detection
Gemini, 26 Aug 2013Does this phone hv face detection?Yes it does..; Yes it does..
Gemini, 26 Aug 2013Does this phone hv face detection?what type of query is that?; what type of query is that?
Does this phone hv face detection?; Does this phone hv face detection?
Very nice mobile..!!! I would give 9 on 10; Very nice mobile..!!! I would give 9 on 10
The best phone I ever had after trying different high end phones... who would dare try to challenge the ONE?; The best phone I ever had after trying different high end phones... who would dare try to challenge the ONE?
i bought htc one.....ders a problem with d camera cover.it cracks without even dropping r using d phone it is some quality defect..a lot of users are facing this problem and the service guys are charging 100$ to fix what is there own quality defect; i bought htc one.....ders a problem with d camera cover.it cracks without even dropping r using d phone it is some quality defect..a lot of users are facing this problem and the service guys are charging 100$ to fix what is there own quality defect
The last time I put my phone on the charger was Friday night and now it's sunday night. wow. it's a first time having two days unchargered with HTC One. Normally I get one and half day. I'm waiting for HTC Butterfly S here in south africa. HTC for life no matter what; The last time I put my phone on the charger was Friday night and now it's sunday night. wow. it's a first time having two days unchargered with HTC One. Normally I get one and half day. I'm waiting for HTC Butterfly S here in south africa. HTC for life no matter what
@what.a.long.story - It does have a 32/64gb versions. Same as the iPhone and some other non-expandable memory gadgets. If you were after hundreds and hundreds of apps, I don't even know what to suggest. Hehe.; @what.a.long.story - It does have a 32/64gb versions. Same as the iPhone and some other non-expandable memory gadgets. If you were after hundreds and hundreds of apps, I don't even know what to suggest. Hehe.
what.a.long.story, 25 Aug 2013No card slot. Well, I am not a phone expert and I wonder: is this meaning I can never own, say... moreI'm using 32gb version of the HTC One. There is 6gb allocated for the apps storage and 25gb for the phone memory (for storing music, videos, photos and etc). You can't increase the apps storage space or phone memory spaces. It's already store around 5gb data in the apps storage when you buying the phone; that's for the Android system and 1gb space available for the install downloading apps. 
 
 I already installed 19 apps in the apps storage, they took only 238mb. That's mean you can install around 80 apps in the 1gb apps storage. You know that no-one in the world will install 80 apps in the phone. However if your apps storage get full, no need to worry you can install the apps into the phone memory; in addition you can store your data in a usb storage either, if the whole 32gb memory got full. I'm using the 32gb version, although if you afraid that the 32gb memory space is not sufficient, there is 64gb version available either.
 
 My final advice is if you well aware of what should and shouldn't to store in the phone you can manage the phone storage effectively.; I'm using 32gb version of the HTC One. There is 6gb allocated for the apps storage and 25gb for the phone memory (for storing music, videos, photos and etc). You can't increase the apps storage space or phone memory spaces. It's already store around 5gb data in the apps storage when you buying the phone; that's for the Android system and 1gb space available for the install downloading apps.; I already installed 19 apps in the apps storage, they took only 238mb. That's mean you can install around 80 apps in the 1gb apps storage. You know that no-one in the world will install 80 apps in the phone. However if your apps storage get full, no need to worry you can install the apps into the phone memory; in addition you can store your data in a usb storage either, if the whole 32gb memory got full. I'm using the 32gb version, although if you afraid that the 32gb memory space is not sufficient, there is 64gb version available either.; My final advice is if you well aware of what should and shouldn't to store in the phone you can manage the phone storage effectively.
[deleted post]It is sold at $850 on Amazon.com...; It is sold at $850 on Amazon.com...
No card slot. Well, I am not a phone expert and I wonder: is this meaning I can never own, say, 50 or 100 apps at the same time? Or I can transfer apps to an USB memory (or an external HDD, or whatever memory device) and move those back to my phone when I want later?; No card slot. Well, I am not a phone expert and I wonder: is this meaning I can never own, say, 50 or 100 apps at the same time? Or I can transfer apps to an USB memory (or an external HDD, or whatever memory device) and move those back to my phone when I want later?
Techno J., 24 Aug 2013It's true this phone has a good battery life that can be managed up to 2 days. Most people don... morenumber 4 is very important tank's; number 4 is very important tank's
Revolution of Z, 24 Aug 2013Oh guys, Why should we care about Samsung Fanboy. Just like this website: http://www.youtub... moretank's; tank's
HTC rules, i have always and still is a great fan of HTC. This is a great phone and i must it's better then the Samsung; HTC rules, i have always and still is a great fan of HTC. This is a great phone and i must it's better then the Samsung
Oh guys,
 Why should we care about Samsung Fanboy.
 Just like this website:
 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VwbKxbyQsto 
 It is Comparison between s4 and Z. We can seen Phone Arena is paid by Samsung to make a unfair comparison. This comparison is fully show off S4 features but where is Xperia Z. 
 Come on, dun care 'bout the Samsung Fanboy, we just answer other people question and post our satisfaction of our phone. 
 Cheer.; Oh guys,; Why should we care about Samsung Fanboy.; Just like this website:; It is Comparison between s4 and Z. We can seen Phone Arena is paid by Samsung to make a unfair comparison. This comparison is fully show off S4 features but where is Xperia Z.; Come on, dun care 'bout the Samsung Fanboy, we just answer other people question and post our satisfaction of our phone.; Cheer.
it best phone on the market now. I never have so high satisfaction like now, when I bought phones before! 
 HTC rules!; it best phone on the market now. I never have so high satisfaction like now, when I bought phones before!; HTC rules!
moji jon, 23 Aug 2013the battery life are best and great this samsung fan come here and say poor battery i'm sure t... moreIt's true this phone has a good battery life that can be managed up to 2 days. Most people don't know how to manage the battery life effectively, then they are attempt to put the blame on to the manufacturer. There are several ways that can be use to increase the battery life.
 
 1 Turn off the wifi and mobile data connection if you don't browse the internet.
 
 2 Use the traditional home screen rather than the Blinkfeed mode, Blinkfeed requires more battery.
 
 3 Don't use live wallpapers.
 
 4 If you are tick on the GPS Satellite in the location, then untick it. 
 
 4 Install the Snapdragon "Battery Guru" app, it will increase the battery life around 25%.
 
 5 Don't use auto brightness mode, set the display brightness around 25-30% amount.
 
 6 Limit you games, video playing and web browsing time.
 
 7 Use the power saving mode if the battery level under 30%.; It's true this phone has a good battery life that can be managed up to 2 days. Most people don't know how to manage the battery life effectively, then they are attempt to put the blame on to the manufacturer. There are several ways that can be use to increase the battery life.; 1 Turn off the wifi and mobile data connection if you don't browse the internet.; 2 Use the traditional home screen rather than the Blinkfeed mode, Blinkfeed requires more battery.; 3 Don't use live wallpapers.; 4 If you are tick on the GPS Satellite in the location, then untick it.; 4 Install the Snapdragon "Battery Guru" app, it will increase the battery life around 25%.; 5 Don't use auto brightness mode, set the display brightness around 25-30% amount.; 6 Limit you games, video playing and web browsing time.; 7 Use the power saving mode if the battery level under 30%.
moji jon, 23 Aug 2013the battery life are best and great this samsung fan come here and say poor battery i'm sure t... morei read full specification and i am impressed about its everything but one thing i did not understand that htc one x has 8mp camera and it has only 4mp and it is expensive than htc one x so how it has a 4mp camera; i read full specification and i am impressed about its everything but one thing i did not understand that htc one x has 8mp camera and it has only 4mp and it is expensive than htc one x so how it has a 4mp camera
first off the htc will blow away THE I PHONE 5 the Samsung s series for many reasons one the htc SUPPORTS ADOBE FLASH! then the speed is awesome the ultra mega pixel camera give rich natural colors can do panoramic view has no limit on video recording true HD front screen can bring up a full web page in less then 2 sec with graphics allows you to download any app you wish even from the net has two stereo speakers up front supported by beats audio I EVEN ACCIDENTALLY DROPPED MINE ON CEMENT!! AND IT LANDED ON ITS LEFT SIDE CORNER RESULT BENT THE ALUMINUM NO SCREEN SHATTER NO SCRATCHES ON THE GORILLA GLASS JUST THE DENT that showed me the excellent build quality of this unit i have since gotten the rubber case with built in stand and has a raised front so if you drop it it will not hit direct on the gorilla glass if you dont believe me get one on the 14 day trial and test it against your home computer it will do everything except print!!..lol THERE IS THE TRUTH ABOUT THE HOTTEST PHONE TO DATE THE NEW HTC ONE!!!; first off the htc will blow away THE I PHONE 5 the Samsung s series for many reasons one the htc SUPPORTS ADOBE FLASH! then the speed is awesome the ultra mega pixel camera give rich natural colors can do panoramic view has no limit on video recording true HD front screen can bring up a full web page in less then 2 sec with graphics allows you to download any app you wish even from the net has two stereo speakers up front supported by beats audio I EVEN ACCIDENTALLY DROPPED MINE ON CEMENT!! AND IT LANDED ON ITS LEFT SIDE CORNER RESULT BENT THE ALUMINUM NO SCREEN SHATTER NO SCRATCHES ON THE GORILLA GLASS JUST THE DENT that showed me the excellent build quality of this unit i have since gotten the rubber case with built in stand and has a raised front so if you drop it it will not hit direct on the gorilla glass if you dont believe me get one on the 14 day trial and test it against your home computer it will do everything except print!!..lol THERE IS THE TRUTH ABOUT THE HOTTEST PHONE TO DATE THE NEW HTC ONE!!!
KOREJA, 20 Aug 2013i am planning to buy a phone... everyone please suggest me which 1 to buy???? htc one or galax... moreNice but z is much better; Nice but z is much better
the battery life are best and great this samsung fan come here and say poor battery i'm sure thay go in butterfly s and say very poor battery 
 i'm play game near 5h in day and near 2h internet and music , call , message, and so video and this great phone still work more than 30h for me; the battery life are best and great this samsung fan come here and say poor battery i'm sure thay go in butterfly s and say very poor battery; i'm play game near 5h in day and near 2h internet and music , call , message, and so video and this great phone still work more than 30h for me
Sci234, 22 Aug 2013Highly Overrated phone!! i purchased a week ago and seriously i am pissed off, firstly poor b... moreit's a joke and b...shet from a samsung fan go and don't......; it's a joke and b...shet from a samsung fan go and don't......
nomercy, 23 Aug 2013Heyy ive got an iphone 5 and boreddd of it ... willing to change to either thos or the galaxy ... more only htc one can make you happy i'm had ip5 and now i have one so it's nice than any another; only htc one can make you happy i'm had ip5 and now i have one so it's nice than any another
MobileSec, 23 Aug 2013HTC One became 7th best selling Smartphone in Verizon within 48 hours it released. http://w... moregreat and best world phone i have and enjoy every day; great and best world phone i have and enjoy every day
The battery life of the phone is awesome. No complains at all. Must refer to a comment below that I have also had WiFi connection problems after an update. The phone keeps searching to connect with the WiFi, does connect for some minutes and then again it continues to search. Lovely phone but software difficulties..; The battery life of the phone is awesome. No complains at all. Must refer to a comment below that I have also had WiFi connection problems after an update. The phone keeps searching to connect with the WiFi, does connect for some minutes and then again it continues to search. Lovely phone but software difficulties..
Sci234, 22 Aug 2013Highly Overrated phone!! i purchased a week ago and seriously i am pissed off, firstly poor b... moreHTC One became 7th best selling Smartphone in Verizon within 48 hours it released.
 
 http://www.amazon.com/Best-Sellers-Cell-Phones-Accessories-Verizon-Wireless/zgbs/wireless/2420631011 
 
 HTC One: European Advanced Smartphone 2013-2014
 
 http://www.eisa.eu/award/32/european-advanced-smartphone-2013-2014.html 
 
 HTC One is still best Smartphone you can buy :)
 
 http://www.zdnet.com/top-10-hottest-smartphones-of-summer-2013-7000019048/; HTC One became 7th best selling Smartphone in Verizon within 48 hours it released.; HTC One: European Advanced Smartphone 2013-2014; HTC One is still best Smartphone you can buy :)
Sci234, 22 Aug 2013Highly Overrated phone!! i purchased a week ago and seriously i am pissed off, firstly poor b... moreI have owned HTC one,and I can't see any of the defects mentioned by you in my phone. I am having my phone connected to WIFI 24x7 and My batteries are lasting atleast for a day.. And regarding the display, its much better. I love to watch movies in apple iphone and HTC one bcoz their displays are clamped. I feel odd if I happened to watch movies on other phones, as their screens are dipped in, surrounded by the borders.; I have owned HTC one,and I can't see any of the defects mentioned by you in my phone. I am having my phone connected to WIFI 24x7 and My batteries are lasting atleast for a day.. And regarding the display, its much better. I love to watch movies in apple iphone and HTC one bcoz their displays are clamped. I feel odd if I happened to watch movies on other phones, as their screens are dipped in, surrounded by the borders.
Heyy ive got an iphone 5 and boreddd of it ... willing to change to either thos or the galaxy s4 or the note 2 which should i get..... thanks; Heyy ive got an iphone 5 and boreddd of it ... willing to change to either thos or the galaxy s4 or the note 2 which should i get..... thanks
Stop complaining. Learn hoow to root your phones and load better Rom's on to your phone and you will notice how long the battery actually lasts.; Stop complaining. Learn hoow to root your phones and load better Rom's on to your phone and you will notice how long the battery actually lasts.
ekam, 21 Aug 2013htc 1 is best HTC One is better than except from its screen has one or more dead or stuck pixels...
 http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2226220; HTC One is better than except from its screen has one or more dead or stuck pixels...
Sci234, 22 Aug 2013Highly Overrated phone!! i purchased a week ago and seriously i am pissed off, firstly poor b... moreIs it a joke?; Is it a joke?
it seems some trolls rush to this page and taking about poor battery when they dont take it in their hands and dont reading anything about one` batter scores..hahaaaaaa the best joke for fool trolls,
 stop plz and go to z sucks page.; it seems some trolls rush to this page and taking about poor battery when they dont take it in their hands and dont reading anything about one` batter scores..hahaaaaaa the best joke for fool trolls,; stop plz and go to z sucks page.
Highly Overrated phone!!
 i purchased a week ago and seriously i am pissed off, firstly poor battery, front cam is average,performance doesn't really feel like 1.7ghz quad core, no card slot,
 older usb version etc
 to sum up TOO EXPENSIVE FOR ALL IT OFFERS 
 Canvas 4, Galaxy S4, Xperia Z ultra are much better alternatives; Highly Overrated phone!!; i purchased a week ago and seriously i am pissed off, firstly poor battery, front cam is average,performance doesn't really feel like 1.7ghz quad core, no card slot,; older usb version etc; to sum up TOO EXPENSIVE FOR ALL IT OFFERS; Canvas 4, Galaxy S4, Xperia Z ultra are much better alternatives
Poor battery life, big price for; Poor battery life, big price for
Very poor battery which lasted only 3-4 hours of surfing..; Very poor battery which lasted only 3-4 hours of surfing..
This is first HTC phone i have bought. The speaker quality is incredible!!; This is first HTC phone i have bought. The speaker quality is incredible!!
Techno J., 22 Aug 2013I know who are you, you are changing your username very often; but I can identify you. It's tr... moreYeah bro, you can identify me, I waiting your reply so long, and you didn't considered me as troll. 
 Cheer up; Yeah bro, you can identify me, I waiting your reply so long, and you didn't considered me as troll.; Cheer up
Revolution of Z, 22 Aug 2013Yo bro, who say Xperia Z can't compete with HTC One. For me, the 2 rival of the smartphone is ... moreI know who are you, you are changing your username very often; but I can identify you. It's true the Xperia Z is a great phone, it's the my next favorite phone after the HTC One.; I know who are you, you are changing your username very often; but I can identify you. It's true the Xperia Z is a great phone, it's the my next favorite phone after the HTC One.
Dos-Jesus, 21 Aug 2013I loved my N4. The HTC One just doesn't sing to me. Plus, development for any Nexus phone alwa... moreAll the Nexus phone are far below to be in the arena with HTC One. Thus, HTC One has no competition peradventure iphone 5S. HTC ONE brings fulfilment from all the angle. I'm lovin' it; All the Nexus phone are far below to be in the arena with HTC One. Thus, HTC One has no competition peradventure iphone 5S. HTC ONE brings fulfilment from all the angle. I'm lovin' it
Techno J., 22 Aug 2013I acknowledge that the Xperia Z display is quite better than the HTC One. That's the only adva... moreYo bro, who say Xperia Z can't compete with HTC One. For me, the 2 rival of the smartphone is Xperia Z and HTC One. Only the plastic crap s4 can't compete with One and Z. These 2 phone is eternal rival. 
 1~Z (One to Z)
 So cheer up bro if you know who I am(Not a troll).; Yo bro, who say Xperia Z can't compete with HTC One. For me, the 2 rival of the smartphone is Xperia Z and HTC One. Only the plastic crap s4 can't compete with One and Z. These 2 phone is eternal rival.; 1~Z (One to Z); So cheer up bro if you know who I am(Not a troll).
KOREJA, 20 Aug 2013i am planning to buy a phone... everyone please suggest me which 1 to buy???? htc one or galax... moreHTC One, definitely; HTC One, definitely
Anonymous, 21 Aug 2013anyone here knows the fix for the camera "pink tint" issue?I also experienced this when taking pix at night.; I also experienced this when taking pix at night.
Wake Up, 22 Aug 2013Guys be very careful with the HTC One. Excellent phone but software difficulties after an upda... moreWhat update? Is this the recent one addressing keyboard issues?; What update? Is this the recent one addressing keyboard issues?
Guys be very careful with the HTC One. Excellent phone but software difficulties after an update. Does not connect with WiFi and causes numerous problems. Be careful..; Guys be very careful with the HTC One. Excellent phone but software difficulties after an update. Does not connect with WiFi and causes numerous problems. Be careful..
I read this specifications & i purchase HTC ONE.... Its unbelievable phone guys.... Thanx www.gsmarena.com; I read this specifications & i purchase HTC ONE.... Its unbelievable phone guys.... Thanx www.gsmarena.com
harsh g, 21 Aug 2013Xperia z is better because guyz I have both z and htc one but if u r comparing camera one a... moreI acknowledge that the Xperia Z display is quite better than the HTC One. That's the only advantage that the Xperia Z has over the HTC One. It's battery life is extremely poor, worst than the my previous One X, the camera even not up to the standard when compared with the high-end phones these days, music quality is good and probably the second best music quality after the HTC One, the HTC One is way innovative than the Xperia Z, while Xperia Z has only the Water Resistance as a new features. Finally the most annoying thing in the Xperia Z is its brick shape and sharp edges are really uncomfortable to hold more than 3 min. While HTC One curve shape is very smooth and comfortable.
 
 My final conclusion is the Xperia Z is not a worthless phone at all, but it's can't be compete with the HTC One. HTC One is few steps ahead.; I acknowledge that the Xperia Z display is quite better than the HTC One. That's the only advantage that the Xperia Z has over the HTC One. It's battery life is extremely poor, worst than the my previous One X, the camera even not up to the standard when compared with the high-end phones these days, music quality is good and probably the second best music quality after the HTC One, the HTC One is way innovative than the Xperia Z, while Xperia Z has only the Water Resistance as a new features. Finally the most annoying thing in the Xperia Z is its brick shape and sharp edges are really uncomfortable to hold more than 3 min. While HTC One curve shape is very smooth and comfortable.; My final conclusion is the Xperia Z is not a worthless phone at all, but it's can't be compete with the HTC One. HTC One is few steps ahead.
Xperia z is better 
 because guyz I have both z and htc one
 but if u r comparing camera one and z 
 z have much bettet camera
 Z have much piwerful battery
 even z some full hd videos those doesn't play in htc 
 those all are play in z
 My some friends using s4 and they are not satisfied with this
 So guyz if u want to purchase something bigget smartest faster u should take z or htc one but z is bettet honestly; Xperia z is better; because guyz I have both z and htc one; but if u r comparing camera one and z; z have much bettet camera; Z have much piwerful battery; even z some full hd videos those doesn't play in htc; those all are play in z; My some friends using s4 and they are not satisfied with this; So guyz if u want to purchase something bigget smartest faster u should take z or htc one but z is bettet honestly
since i buy this phone i have a col and good filling; since i buy this phone i have a col and good filling
Salman, 20 Aug 2013You should check following Settings > Developer Options >Advanced Uncheck Show Su... moreThanks a lot dear for your response 
 problem has been solved :) 
 thank you; Thanks a lot dear for your response; problem has been solved :); thank you
KOREJA, 20 Aug 2013i am planning to buy a phone... everyone please suggest me which 1 to buy???? htc one or galax... morehtc one; htc one
KOREJA, 20 Aug 2013i am planning to buy a phone... everyone please suggest me which 1 to buy???? htc one or galax... moreChose the htc one. It is a phone with style!; Chose the htc one. It is a phone with style!
KOREJA, 20 Aug 2013i am planning to buy a phone... everyone please suggest me which 1 to buy???? htc one or galax... morehtc 1 is best; htc 1 is best
I loved my N4. The HTC One just doesn't sing to me. Plus, development for any Nexus phone always exceeds anything else.; I loved my N4. The HTC One just doesn't sing to me. Plus, development for any Nexus phone always exceeds anything else.
Rat, 20 Aug 2013Htc sucks boo ho my speakers of htc one are cracking just three days old and they are gone.. B... moreSo your Htc one speakers are cracking? I have an Htc One have had it since its release best smartphone ive had bar none. I think you are having a poor attempt at trolling. How can the speakers crack? They are made of metal did you drop it then hit it with a hammer? Buy the Samsung plastic s4 then hit that with a hammer it will shatter into plastic pieces.; So your Htc one speakers are cracking? I have an Htc One have had it since its release best smartphone ive had bar none. I think you are having a poor attempt at trolling. How can the speakers crack? They are made of metal did you drop it then hit it with a hammer? Buy the Samsung plastic s4 then hit that with a hammer it will shatter into plastic pieces.
KOREJA, 20 Aug 2013i am planning to buy a phone... everyone please suggest me which 1 to buy???? htc one or galax... moresony experia z ultra/lenavo k900; sony experia z ultra/lenavo k900
anyone here knows the fix for the camera "pink tint" issue?; anyone here knows the fix for the camera "pink tint" issue?
Htc sucks boo ho my speakers of htc one are cracking just three days old and they are gone.. Boohoo!!; Htc sucks boo ho my speakers of htc one are cracking just three days old and they are gone.. Boohoo!!
nouman, 20 Aug 2013hey there, my htc one was purchased from canada and its still on the same rom as it came from ... morehave3 a look at the web site called mobilesyrup.com. This is the cell phone web site for Canadians. There was news there yesterday that HTC One in Canada will skip jB 4.2.2 and go straight to JB 4.3. in September 2013. as they are in the process of certifying it and testing it now.; have3 a look at the web site called mobilesyrup.com. This is the cell phone web site for Canadians. There was news there yesterday that HTC One in Canada will skip jB 4.2.2 and go straight to JB 4.3. in September 2013. as they are in the process of certifying it and testing it now.
i am planning to buy a phone... everyone please suggest me which 1 to buy???? htc one or galaxy s4?????? as soon as possible...; i am planning to buy a phone... everyone please suggest me which 1 to buy???? htc one or galaxy s4?????? as soon as possible...
Riz RiyMod, 20 Aug 2013One more clarification for your comment, you explained about LG Optimus G2; You and we know th... morePlease tell us what amount of a memory space do you need to store your data?, is it infinite???????
 
 It's maybe until you learn how to manage your data effectively, you will not satisfied with the any amount of memory space.; Please tell us what amount of a memory space do you need to store your data?, is it infinite???????; It's maybe until you learn how to manage your data effectively, you will not satisfied with the any amount of memory space.
Great phone!; Great phone!
Riz RiyMod, 20 Aug 2013One more clarification for your comment, you explained about LG Optimus G2; You and we know th... moreFirst of all I'm not getting paid from HTC for promoting HTC One, I'm a truly satisfied the HTC One user. May I ask you, how much do you get paid for bashing towards HTC One.
 
 I didn't disgraced any nationality here. Don't start a nationality war here. Do understand what are the things we should and shouldn't store in a phone? A phone is for store only important things (even music and videos up to manageable amount) that we need in day to day life. What I feel here is may be you are storing every stuff that wanted and unwanted in the phone. Then you are whining like a kid here by complaining this phone's memory space is not sufficient and this phone is worthless. 
 
 Most manufacturers are identified that lack of a sd card slot is not a serious problem and it's much easier and durable. That's why most phones these days comes with lack of a sd card slot and at the same time increasing the memory space. I know the next iPhone's memory space has been increased up to 128gb. The real question here is since why Apple didn't add it a sd card slot instead of the increasing memory. Do you still need a sd card slot even though a phone came with a 128gb memory space???????
 
 If you really need a phone with a sd card slot just buy a phone which comes with a sd card slot rather than whining here like a kid by telling "this phone hasn't a sd card slot", even that's will save your time and others.; First of all I'm not getting paid from HTC for promoting HTC One, I'm a truly satisfied the HTC One user. May I ask you, how much do you get paid for bashing towards HTC One.; I didn't disgraced any nationality here. Don't start a nationality war here. Do understand what are the things we should and shouldn't store in a phone? A phone is for store only important things (even music and videos up to manageable amount) that we need in day to day life. What I feel here is may be you are storing every stuff that wanted and unwanted in the phone. Then you are whining like a kid here by complaining this phone's memory space is not sufficient and this phone is worthless.; Most manufacturers are identified that lack of a sd card slot is not a serious problem and it's much easier and durable. That's why most phones these days comes with lack of a sd card slot and at the same time increasing the memory space. I know the next iPhone's memory space has been increased up to 128gb. The real question here is since why Apple didn't add it a sd card slot instead of the increasing memory. Do you still need a sd card slot even though a phone came with a 128gb memory space???????; If you really need a phone with a sd card slot just buy a phone which comes with a sd card slot rather than whining here like a kid by telling "this phone hasn't a sd card slot", even that's will save your time and others.
Riz RiyMod, 20 Aug 2013Mr. Techno J, So you are making a clear statement that HTC Making a SD card slot for China bec... moreOne more clarification for your comment, you explained about LG Optimus G2; You and we know that LG is a Korean Company, and LG Optimus G2 has 2 Versions, One without Expandable Memory and the other one with Expandable Memory. Asper your opinion,The Korean Version is coming with Expandable Memory Slot, because Korea wants to make their own people stupid because they made Ex.Storage for them..right..??? Come on Man, don't you think what are you commenting here...; One more clarification for your comment, you explained about LG Optimus G2; You and we know that LG is a Korean Company, and LG Optimus G2 has 2 Versions, One without Expandable Memory and the other one with Expandable Memory. Asper your opinion,The Korean Version is coming with Expandable Memory Slot, because Korea wants to make their own people stupid because they made Ex.Storage for them..right..??? Come on Man, don't you think what are you commenting here...
Techno J., 20 Aug 2013Hello Mr. Please tell me what kind of phones has a sd card slot these days. Just take a look a... moreI just want to ask you a question, Are you really getting commission/other benefits from HTC for supporting them to sale the HTC One...??????????; I just want to ask you a question, Are you really getting commission/other benefits from HTC for supporting them to sale the HTC One...??????????
Techno J., 20 Aug 2013Hello Mr. Please tell me what kind of phones has a sd card slot these days. Just take a look a... moreMr. Techno J, So you are making a clear statement that HTC Making a SD card slot for China because Chinese People are Stupid. What kind of a person you are..??? I don't really understand you, Check out HTC Butterfly S, It has Expandable Memory Slot, why HTC Made the phone like that, making all of us stupid? asper your statement that expandable memory required for stupid customers...! Check out all the best phones man rather making stupidity here, Sony Xperia Z, Z Ultra, HTC Butterfly S, BlackBerry Q10, and Samsung Phones...ETC, Even Apple is going to implement the storage to 128 GB in their new IPhone 5s, foR what??? Because people need more space, more features,that is why! I want to store my data, videos, musics, and all other stuffs what I want to save, so I need more space..Hope you understand now.; Mr. Techno J, So you are making a clear statement that HTC Making a SD card slot for China because Chinese People are Stupid. What kind of a person you are..??? I don't really understand you, Check out HTC Butterfly S, It has Expandable Memory Slot, why HTC Made the phone like that, making all of us stupid? asper your statement that expandable memory required for stupid customers...! Check out all the best phones man rather making stupidity here, Sony Xperia Z, Z Ultra, HTC Butterfly S, BlackBerry Q10, and Samsung Phones...ETC, Even Apple is going to implement the storage to 128 GB in their new IPhone 5s, foR what??? Because people need more space, more features,that is why! I want to store my data, videos, musics, and all other stuffs what I want to save, so I need more space..Hope you understand now.
Techno J., 20 Aug 2013In simply please tell me what kind of data are you save in your phone. Normally a 32gb memory ... morevery true,management of phone memory too is important.; very true,management of phone memory too is important.
red box, 10 Aug 2013Hello, HELP ALERT ! Guys,am facing a problem in my phone which is ,when I open any new page... moreYou should check following 
 
 Settings > Developer Options >Advanced
 
 Uncheck Show Surface Updates if its already checked!; You should check following; Settings > Developer Options >Advanced; Uncheck Show Surface Updates if its already checked!
1- In this phone we can not zoom IN a photo which is downloaded by any source like we can do in other phones and we just can zoom a photo when we turn ON "Magnification gestures" but then we have to tap for tree tym on screen or if we typing any msg and we put backspace continuously , the screen goes zoom IN 
 just a rubbish and irritating this is .
 
 2- When we watch a vdo , there should be a option like SAMSUNG provide while vdo is playing which is you can just click and rotate the screen at that time only which will not apply on whole system but, in this phone, you first need to go to setting and then turn on "auto rotate" 
 huh , very very silly things they missed in this 
 i hope they will update it .; 1- In this phone we can not zoom IN a photo which is downloaded by any source like we can do in other phones and we just can zoom a photo when we turn ON "Magnification gestures" but then we have to tap for tree tym on screen or if we typing any msg and we put backspace continuously , the screen goes zoom IN; just a rubbish and irritating this is .; 2- When we watch a vdo , there should be a option like SAMSUNG provide while vdo is playing which is you can just click and rotate the screen at that time only which will not apply on whole system but, in this phone, you first need to go to setting and then turn on "auto rotate"; huh , very very silly things they missed in this; i hope they will update it .
hey there, my htc one was purchased from canada and its still on the same rom as it came from the factory which is 4.1.2 and i tried several times to update to the latest version 4.2.2 manually but it always says there are no updates for your device. it is already rolling on all the htc one around the globe and the new update is also announced but i am not getting it. i have sent several emails to htc and all the time they reply the same that it is in testing process. any suggestions or any one else have to same problem.; hey there, my htc one was purchased from canada and its still on the same rom as it came from the factory which is 4.1.2 and i tried several times to update to the latest version 4.2.2 manually but it always says there are no updates for your device. it is already rolling on all the htc one around the globe and the new update is also announced but i am not getting it. i have sent several emails to htc and all the time they reply the same that it is in testing process. any suggestions or any one else have to same problem.
Riz RiyMod, 19 Aug 2013hello, will you bring the USB storage with your phone always? And better you know that I am a ... moreHello Mr. Please tell me what kind of phones has a sd card slot these days. Just take a look at HTC One, Optimus G2, IPhone 5, Lumia 925 and BlackBerry Z10 every international version of these phones don't have a sd card slot. Only cheap Chinese phones like ZTE, Huawei, Oppo and etc has a sd card slot, Samsung phones either. Maybe you are really buy the cheap Chinese version of the phones just for the sd card slot, who is really stupid here.; Hello Mr. Please tell me what kind of phones has a sd card slot these days. Just take a look at HTC One, Optimus G2, IPhone 5, Lumia 925 and BlackBerry Z10 every international version of these phones don't have a sd card slot. Only cheap Chinese phones like ZTE, Huawei, Oppo and etc has a sd card slot, Samsung phones either. Maybe you are really buy the cheap Chinese version of the phones just for the sd card slot, who is really stupid here.
Riz RiyMod, 19 Aug 2013Are you stupid to advice someone to use a computer instead of the phone...I think you are! bec... moreIn simply please tell me what kind of data are you save in your phone. Normally a 32gb memory is more than enough for a phone. And there are even 64gb version available either. If you can't manage the memory space effectively it's not a shortfall of the phone, but yours.; In simply please tell me what kind of data are you save in your phone. Normally a 32gb memory is more than enough for a phone. And there are even 64gb version available either. If you can't manage the memory space effectively it's not a shortfall of the phone, but yours.
Anyone received update (google keyboard and something for htc one mini inside update) software number 2.24.401.8; Anyone received update (google keyboard and something for htc one mini inside update) software number 2.24.401.8
Anonymous, 19 Aug 2013What do you mean by worthless ? Did you ever look or use this phone before you write this mess... morehello, will you bring the USB storage with your phone always? And better you know that I am a fan of HTC phone, and I am having Chinese version of this phone because of the stupidity made by HTC for international customers. All other phones having the same option what you said, better you know that first. I would like HTC improve their features about Expandable Memory for International Version. You are just living as you lived, lazy.. But I am not like that, I need progress...; hello, will you bring the USB storage with your phone always? And better you know that I am a fan of HTC phone, and I am having Chinese version of this phone because of the stupidity made by HTC for international customers. All other phones having the same option what you said, better you know that first. I would like HTC improve their features about Expandable Memory for International Version. You are just living as you lived, lazy.. But I am not like that, I need progress...
Techno J., 19 Aug 2013Does Manipulating benchmark scores mean respect to the customers. Samsung is a cheater but HTC... moreAre you stupid to advice someone to use a computer instead of the phone...I think you are! because you are experienced with that. Anyway, I am not gonna follow you, I am waiting for HTC One Max too, if it is not also comes with Expandable Memory for International Version, then I will buy its Dual Sim Version with Expandable Memory from China...; Are you stupid to advice someone to use a computer instead of the phone...I think you are! because you are experienced with that. Anyway, I am not gonna follow you, I am waiting for HTC One Max too, if it is not also comes with Expandable Memory for International Version, then I will buy its Dual Sim Version with Expandable Memory from China...
jiraiyatheperv, 19 Aug 2013Thats not how it is. Any other brand except for apple offer an sd slot for their flagship why ... moreAlyhough there is no SD card slot. You can try USB storage with an USB OTG cable. You may install SD card if you can get a USB to SD card adapter; Alyhough there is no SD card slot. You can try USB storage with an USB OTG cable. You may install SD card if you can get a USB to SD card adapter
look i'll keep it straight and simple...
 1.for simple daylight photos iphone 5 and s4 score good...but htc is not far behind...
 2.if your photos include night shots too..then htc one romps the other two....
 3.if your photos include quick focusing...like in a moving train or like a "remove from pocket and quickly shoot" then htc one has the best camera..."
 4.HTC Zoe is a amazing...so overall go for htc one; look i'll keep it straight and simple...; 1.for simple daylight photos iphone 5 and s4 score good...but htc is not far behind...; 2.if your photos include night shots too..then htc one romps the other two....; 3.if your photos include quick focusing...like in a moving train or like a "remove from pocket and quickly shoot" then htc one has the best camera..."; 4.HTC Zoe is a amazing...so overall go for htc one
Riz RiyMod, 18 Aug 2013The Phone is absolutely worthless without expandable memory, why HTC makes this kind of phones... moreWhat do you mean by worthless? I think you have not really used or owned the phone before making such a stupid comment. There is USB storage available in the HTC one. All youn need to do is to get an USB On the go cable and a SDCard adapter, you can usr micro. Sd card just like you use it with the SD card slot. Look before you write any comment.; What do you mean by worthless? I think you have not really used or owned the phone before making such a stupid comment. There is USB storage available in the HTC one. All youn need to do is to get an USB On the go cable and a SDCard adapter, you can usr micro. Sd card just like you use it with the SD card slot. Look before you write any comment.
what about the battery backup ? i am always connected with viber and facebook.. and had a moderate amount of calls and texting.. plz suggest me if I should buy iphone 4s/5 or hTC One or Xperia SP if considered power and battery backup together combined; what about the battery backup ? i am always connected with viber and facebook.. and had a moderate amount of calls and texting.. plz suggest me if I should buy iphone 4s/5 or hTC One or Xperia SP if considered power and battery backup together combined
Shehzad, 18 Aug 2013HTC One will skip 4.2.2 and go straight to 4.3 says presidentI have official 4.2.2 for over a month now...; I have official 4.2.2 for over a month now...
tantrik, 15 Aug 2013dot buy this phone, i just bought this phone in aug 2013 n found it to be defective as there i... morePlease don't compare micromax with One.. its like comparing nano with benz...
 has u purchased it from gray market as HTC even doesn't touch the gray market piece.; Please don't compare micromax with One.. its like comparing nano with benz...; has u purchased it from gray market as HTC even doesn't touch the gray market piece.
jiraiyatheperv, 19 Aug 2013Thats not how it is. Any other brand except for apple offer an sd slot for their flagship why ... moreSome people are try to over emphasis that lack of a sd card slot. Most of the manufacturers (HTC, LG, Apple, Nokia and BlackBerry) made their phones without a SD card slot. Only unaware people try to try to arise a problem regarding the SD card slots.
 
 The SD cards are two times slower than the internal memories when coping data, similarly the probability of arise a problem in the SD cards are high (personal experiences). And another important thing is can you encrypt the data in the SD card?????
 
 I have used phones such as Desire HD and Galaxy S2 which comes with a SD card slot. But I found that the internal memories are much easier and durable. Don't you know that the S4 has a problem regarding the transferring data into the SD card.; Some people are try to over emphasis that lack of a sd card slot. Most of the manufacturers (HTC, LG, Apple, Nokia and BlackBerry) made their phones without a SD card slot. Only unaware people try to try to arise a problem regarding the SD card slots.; The SD cards are two times slower than the internal memories when coping data, similarly the probability of arise a problem in the SD cards are high (personal experiences). And another important thing is can you encrypt the data in the SD card?????; I have used phones such as Desire HD and Galaxy S2 which comes with a SD card slot. But I found that the internal memories are much easier and durable. Don't you know that the S4 has a problem regarding the transferring data into the SD card.
jiraiyatheperv, 19 Aug 2013Thats not how it is. Any other brand except for apple offer an sd slot for their flagship why ... moreno sd slut = less hanging!; no sd slut = less hanging!
Shehzad, 18 Aug 2013HTC One will skip 4.2.2 and go straight to 4.3 says presidentU sure? As i heard, some countries already got their 4.2.2 update.; U sure? As i heard, some countries already got their 4.2.2 update.
Techno J., 19 Aug 2013Does Manipulating benchmark scores mean respect to the customers. Samsung is a cheater but HTC... moreThats not how it is. Any other brand except for apple offer an sd slot for their flagship why cant htc. If they want to attract customers they should have it. If 32 is enough for you then good for u. But not every people are like u who can stand a 32gn internal storage and it is not correct for u to say that buy a 1tb pc. Having no card slot is gonna cost htc a lot of potential buyer. I for one really like htc one and cant resist its beauty. I havent changed my butterfly yet to one for the reason not having a memory card slot. And that is the one and only reason why.; Thats not how it is. Any other brand except for apple offer an sd slot for their flagship why cant htc. If they want to attract customers they should have it. If 32 is enough for you then good for u. But not every people are like u who can stand a 32gn internal storage and it is not correct for u to say that buy a 1tb pc. Having no card slot is gonna cost htc a lot of potential buyer. I for one really like htc one and cant resist its beauty. I havent changed my butterfly yet to one for the reason not having a memory card slot. And that is the one and only reason why.
plannin to buy phone in mind htc 1 or galax4?
 vch one s gud; plannin to buy phone in mind htc 1 or galax4?; vch one s gud
Riz RiyMod, 18 Aug 2013The Phone is absolutely worthless without expandable memory, why HTC makes this kind of phones... morehello htc is a taiwanese phone not a china ok.... before commenting know the history.... the samsung no. 1 bull shit who copies the technology of others... samsung shld b shamed not the htc ok...; hello htc is a taiwanese phone not a china ok.... before commenting know the history.... the samsung no. 1 bull shit who copies the technology of others... samsung shld b shamed not the htc ok...
ade, 18 Aug 2013which phone has best camera result?plz any tell me who has use all these phone? i phone 5,S4 ... mores4; s4
im using htc one and i hav problms wid mobile data usage. itz really slow for me.; im using htc one and i hav problms wid mobile data usage. itz really slow for me.
Riz RiyMod, 18 Aug 2013The Phone is absolutely worthless without expandable memory, why HTC makes this kind of phones... moreDoes Manipulating benchmark scores mean respect to the customers. Samsung is a cheater but HTC have best business practices. 
 
 The 32gb HTC One comes with same price of the S4 16gb. If you're not satisfy with a 32gb memory space, then buy a 1tb computer instead of a phone.; Does Manipulating benchmark scores mean respect to the customers. Samsung is a cheater but HTC have best business practices.; The 32gb HTC One comes with same price of the S4 16gb. If you're not satisfy with a 32gb memory space, then buy a 1tb computer instead of a phone.
ade, 18 Aug 2013which phone has best camera result?plz any tell me who has use all these phone? i phone 5,S4 ... moreHTC One Camera is best specially in low lighting.; HTC One Camera is best specially in low lighting.
ade, 18 Aug 2013which phone has best camera result?plz any tell me who has use all these phone? i phone 5,S4 ... moreS4 have best picture quality; S4 have best picture quality
Riz RiyMod, 18 Aug 2013The Phone is absolutely worthless without expandable memory, why HTC makes this kind of phones... moreWhat do you mean by worthless ? Did you ever look or use this phone before you write this message. If not, then better don't write anything that you don't know about. I can tell you that although there's no expandable memory, there is a micro USB storage available. All you need is to plug in a USB on the go cable, then you can install a micro SD card with an adadapter. If you don't have enough knowledge about this phone, better learn before you write.; What do you mean by worthless ? Did you ever look or use this phone before you write this message. If not, then better don't write anything that you don't know about. I can tell you that although there's no expandable memory, there is a micro USB storage available. All you need is to plug in a USB on the go cable, then you can install a micro SD card with an adadapter. If you don't have enough knowledge about this phone, better learn before you write.
The Phone is absolutely worthless without expandable memory, why HTC makes this kind of phones for International Market? They always satisfy their Chinese Customers with Dual Sim and More Internal Memory and Expandable Storage, This is Absolutely Wrong!!! They should always respect their International Customers, if there were no international customers then the HTC wouldn't exist in this world anymore...!!! Rather than fooling us, they could make one model for Entire World Market...! Shame on You HTC... Try to learn from Samsung, they are always miles ahead of you because they always respect "The International market" !!!; The Phone is absolutely worthless without expandable memory, why HTC makes this kind of phones for International Market? They always satisfy their Chinese Customers with Dual Sim and More Internal Memory and Expandable Storage, This is Absolutely Wrong!!! They should always respect their International Customers, if there were no international customers then the HTC wouldn't exist in this world anymore...!!! Rather than fooling us, they could make one model for Entire World Market...! Shame on You HTC... Try to learn from Samsung, they are always miles ahead of you because they always respect "The International market" !!!
HTC One will skip 4.2.2 and go
 straight to 4.3 says president; HTC One will skip 4.2.2 and go; straight to 4.3 says president
in htc one direct video call option is there are not pls send the urgent reply for this qwery; in htc one direct video call option is there are not pls send the urgent reply for this qwery
which phone has best camera result?plz any tell me who has use all these phone?
 i phone 5,S4 or HTC one.; which phone has best camera result?plz any tell me who has use all these phone?; i phone 5,S4 or HTC one.
Htc one definitely is a looker. U can resist holding it and navigating through it without doing anything important at all. Thats how good it is. Performance is really really good and i can say htc really did a very good job software wise. Lage free 97%. The bad thing with this phone is its memory. I dont know what htc is thinking when they decided not to include a card slot. 
 
 S4 is about numbers and benchmarks it sweeps htc one in benchmarks by a lot. however, phone gets really hot when in pocket and charging and i dont know why. Not the normal hotness that every phone suffers from when charging. S4 camera is better than one hands down. Its a bit faster in some games than the one as well. Software is not so good and lage quiye often but not the type that could really botheryou. And battery of s4 is better too.
 
 Im not into amoled displays so i would pick the screen of one over s4 but i suggest checking them out personally to see for yourself. Also, hold both phones and try them. I really like the features and specs of s4 over the one. But i like to be different and hyc one is really really good. I'd pick it over s4. Or better yet, i'd wait note 3 and one max since its near.; Htc one definitely is a looker. U can resist holding it and navigating through it without doing anything important at all. Thats how good it is. Performance is really really good and i can say htc really did a very good job software wise. Lage free 97%. The bad thing with this phone is its memory. I dont know what htc is thinking when they decided not to include a card slot.; S4 is about numbers and benchmarks it sweeps htc one in benchmarks by a lot. however, phone gets really hot when in pocket and charging and i dont know why. Not the normal hotness that every phone suffers from when charging. S4 camera is better than one hands down. Its a bit faster in some games than the one as well. Software is not so good and lage quiye often but not the type that could really botheryou. And battery of s4 is better too.; Im not into amoled displays so i would pick the screen of one over s4 but i suggest checking them out personally to see for yourself. Also, hold both phones and try them. I really like the features and specs of s4 over the one. But i like to be different and hyc one is really really good. I'd pick it over s4. Or better yet, i'd wait note 3 and one max since its near.
I so wanted this phone but unfortunately my carrier doesn't offer(CELL C) they say they got no reply from htc on when they will get this phone. So I'm going to have to take the s4.sigh; I so wanted this phone but unfortunately my carrier doesn't offer(CELL C) they say they got no reply from htc on when they will get this phone. So I'm going to have to take the s4.sigh
I am facing intense purple fringing in camera when in total darkness or a bit less darkness 
 When I turn on d camera my display becomes totally purple pinkish rather then being black 
 Any idea how to solve; I am facing intense purple fringing in camera when in total darkness or a bit less darkness; When I turn on d camera my display becomes totally purple pinkish rather then being black; Any idea how to solve
venomousmir, 17 Aug 2013go for it . ONe wont disappoint u :) ul love everything in it ! I just bought HTC ONE silver yesterday and have tiny bright spot in bottom left corner that can be seen in black screen when I set full Brightness.
 HTC showroom Display unit has the same bright spot in the same as mine.
 Except of it, everything is great.
 
 Mei; I just bought HTC ONE silver yesterday and have tiny bright spot in bottom left corner that can be seen in black screen when I set full Brightness.; HTC showroom Display unit has the same bright spot in the same as mine.; Except of it, everything is great.; Mei
Rishi, 17 Aug 2013S4 costs 33k and htc one costs 38k in india. Is one really worth it? S4 has gorilla glass 3,b... moreI used s4 last two months the screen is so dim and no bright ,htc ones screen is better brighter and crisper display than s4. I think the main diffrnce between s4 and one is the screen clarity; I used s4 last two months the screen is so dim and no bright ,htc ones screen is better brighter and crisper display than s4. I think the main diffrnce between s4 and one is the screen clarity
This phone said that zero gap construction , but there is gap in the power button; This phone said that zero gap construction , but there is gap in the power button
[deleted post]pakistan; pakistan
Dr.Khan, 15 Aug 2013Hey guys just wanted an advice from those of you who have a lot of knowledge on Android Powere... moreSimple - dont buy any Android device if you are concerned with personal and business security.; Simple - dont buy any Android device if you are concerned with personal and business security.
[deleted post]Not sure about Qatar but visit us in Bahrain since it is not too far; Not sure about Qatar but visit us in Bahrain since it is not too far
[deleted post]Not sure about Qatar but visit us in Bahrain since it is not too far; Not sure about Qatar but visit us in Bahrain since it is not too far
just one touch and you love this phone; just one touch and you love this phone
Dr.Khan, 15 Aug 2013Hey guys just wanted an advice from those of you who have a lot of knowledge on Android Powere... moreHi Dr.Khan , see I am using HTC one and of course would suggest you for that actually I don't go so deeply about the feature when we can see everything from outer so HTC one has amazing sexy looks first of all which Samsung would never reach.Samsung would always just produce the models with all samne faces and a** too, never come up with good elegant classic phones they have same look in 5k phone and 40k phone also look like a 5k model. Better you go for HTC one I suggest; Hi Dr.Khan , see I am using HTC one and of course would suggest you for that actually I don't go so deeply about the feature when we can see everything from outer so HTC one has amazing sexy looks first of all which Samsung would never reach.Samsung would always just produce the models with all samne faces and a** too, never come up with good elegant classic phones they have same look in 5k phone and 40k phone also look like a 5k model. Better you go for HTC one I suggest
the phone is a bomb and one way; the phone is a bomb and one way
I bought the htc one two months back now and it ever rocks and for sure, it is a phone that will remain unbeatable and forever it rocks. other new phones will be built around it but still htc one is world's number one smartphone - no way.; I bought the htc one two months back now and it ever rocks and for sure, it is a phone that will remain unbeatable and forever it rocks. other new phones will be built around it but still htc one is world's number one smartphone - no way.
SamuelMei, 16 Aug 2013Is there any dead pixels issues in this HTC ONE? I am so excited to buy this tomorrow!!! Meigo for it . ONe wont disappoint u :) ul love everything in it !; go for it . ONe wont disappoint u :) ul love everything in it !
S4 costs 33k and htc one costs 38k in india. Is one really worth it? S4 has gorilla glass 3,better camera, larger screen, better battery, tons of features to play with. Htc has a better build, boom sound, uI lacks features. S4 sounds more practical. What should I buy?; S4 costs 33k and htc one costs 38k in india. Is one really worth it? S4 has gorilla glass 3,better camera, larger screen, better battery, tons of features to play with. Htc has a better build, boom sound, uI lacks features. S4 sounds more practical. What should I buy?
I'd like this htc one very fast looking good and perfect quality!; I'd like this htc one very fast looking good and perfect quality!
Dr.Khan, 15 Aug 2013Hey guys just wanted an advice from those of you who have a lot of knowledge on Android Powere... moreOnly one
 whay s4 ?
 If you touch both your felling tell you every thing one like a super car and s4 just like an China car; Only one; whay s4 ?; If you touch both your felling tell you every thing one like a super car and s4 just like an China car
SamuelMei, 16 Aug 2013Is there any dead pixels issues in this HTC ONE? I am so excited to buy this tomorrow!!! MeiNo it's great buy and enjoy; No it's great buy and enjoy
S.K., 16 Aug 2013Dear friends, yesterday i checked out HTC one in CROMA and LG digital it was awesome and ultim... moreI think its best to buy htc one than lg because the procesor of htc is more powerfull and the divice is more primuem cause its made from metal :-); I think its best to buy htc one than lg because the procesor of htc is more powerfull and the divice is more primuem cause its made from metal :-)
S.K., 16 Aug 2013Dear friends, yesterday i checked out HTC one in CROMA and LG digital it was awesome and ultim... moreI think its best to buy htc one than lg because the procesor of htc is more powerfull and the divice is more primuem cause its made from metal :-); I think its best to buy htc one than lg because the procesor of htc is more powerfull and the divice is more primuem cause its made from metal :-)
S.K., 16 Aug 2013Dear friends, yesterday i checked out HTC one in CROMA and LG digital it was awesome and ultim... moreDon't buy LG Phones they are rarely release Android updates. HTC is much better.; Don't buy LG Phones they are rarely release Android updates. HTC is much better.
Is there any dead pixels issues in this HTC ONE?
 I am so excited to buy this tomorrow!!!
 Mei; Is there any dead pixels issues in this HTC ONE?; I am so excited to buy this tomorrow!!!; Mei
I can't believe that this 5month old phone there are still trolls and bashers. This is what really do when it it on the limelight; I can't believe that this 5month old phone there are still trolls and bashers. This is what really do when it it on the limelight
Dear friends, yesterday i checked out HTC one in CROMA and LG digital it was awesome and ultimate after that i want to purchase that one. Pls help me in this because i m going to invest onetime for that costly mobile filhal.
 Thanks to all; Dear friends, yesterday i checked out HTC one in CROMA and LG digital it was awesome and ultimate after that i want to purchase that one. Pls help me in this because i m going to invest onetime for that costly mobile filhal.; Thanks to all
tantrik, 15 Aug 2013dot buy this phone, i just bought this phone in aug 2013 n found it to be defective as there i... moreI had bought my HTC one on last march 17,2013 (second day of the release), until now I haven't find any problem with my One. Better contact the service center and request for a pick up from door, I hope they will arrange. But Please don't compare micromax with One.. LOL !!... I can't stop laughing..; I had bought my HTC one on last march 17,2013 (second day of the release), until now I haven't find any problem with my One. Better contact the service center and request for a pick up from door, I hope they will arrange. But Please don't compare micromax with One.. LOL !!... I can't stop laughing..
Hey guys just wanted an advice from those of you who have a lot of knowledge on Android Powered Smartphones.
 
 Firstly, what would be a better option, the Samsung Galaxy S4 or the HTC One?
 
 And why is which phone better. Please tell me cons about each phone and which one should I go for.
 
 I would really appreciate your help :)
 
 
 
 
 Regards,
 Dr.Khan; Hey guys just wanted an advice from those of you who have a lot of knowledge on Android Powered Smartphones.; Firstly, what would be a better option, the Samsung Galaxy S4 or the HTC One?; And why is which phone better. Please tell me cons about each phone and which one should I go for.; I would really appreciate your help :); Regards,; Dr.Khan
my best fone ever was sony experia but since i bought
 htc 1 its amazing and am expecting something better dan dis to cme.; my best fone ever was sony experia but since i bought; htc 1 its amazing and am expecting something better dan dis to cme.
dot buy this phone, i just bought this phone in aug 2013 n found it to be defective as there is a split second diff when u pick call. Secondly there is a problem of signal reception in phone.
 
 When i called customer care, they told me to take my phone to one of the their workshop which, when i checked is far far away from place where i live like 1000km. The shop from which i bought it, refused to help me out as he said i only need to take it to their workshop.
 
 Now i m back to my micromax canvas HD. better phone than a htc one though the build quality n look is awesome n it helped to impress few girls also.; dot buy this phone, i just bought this phone in aug 2013 n found it to be defective as there is a split second diff when u pick call. Secondly there is a problem of signal reception in phone.; When i called customer care, they told me to take my phone to one of the their workshop which, when i checked is far far away from place where i live like 1000km. The shop from which i bought it, refused to help me out as he said i only need to take it to their workshop.; Now i m back to my micromax canvas HD. better phone than a htc one though the build quality n look is awesome n it helped to impress few girls also.
clare, 13 Aug 2013hi guys, can u help me about this 3 phones, which is better for u htc one, lg optimus g pro, o... moreI think you should go with the HTC one because it has a better screen resolution and a beautiful HD screen.it has 2 GB of ram and beats audio with HTC boomsound.the iphone 5 only has 1GB of ram.And the HTC has a perfect shape so people say.; I think you should go with the HTC one because it has a better screen resolution and a beautiful HD screen.it has 2 GB of ram and beats audio with HTC boomsound.the iphone 5 only has 1GB of ram.And the HTC has a perfect shape so people say.
i have this one .Display and touch quality is mind blowing.sound output quality is great.Sence 5 should be more improved.Iphone is like a liitle toy against htc one.I was amazed to see display better than iPhone 5. htc rocks; i have this one .Display and touch quality is mind blowing.sound output quality is great.Sence 5 should be more improved.Iphone is like a liitle toy against htc one.I was amazed to see display better than iPhone 5. htc rocks
jiraiyatheperv, 15 Aug 2013Htc has no resale value in ph. With regard to lg, i'll be ashamed to get my phone out with lot... morehtc does have resale value.... sold my three years old htc desire for rs.10,000; htc does have resale value.... sold my three years old htc desire for rs.10,000
Is there any deadpixels issues in HTC ONE?
 I hate deadpixels.; Is there any deadpixels issues in HTC ONE?; I hate deadpixels.
clare, 13 Aug 2013hi guys, can u help me about this 3 phones, which is better for u htc one, lg optimus g pro, o... moreHtc has no resale value in ph. With regard to lg, i'll be ashamed to get my phone out with lots of people around. Looks so cheap. I hate iphone because of its super bwakaw os.; Htc has no resale value in ph. With regard to lg, i'll be ashamed to get my phone out with lots of people around. Looks so cheap. I hate iphone because of its super bwakaw os.
Almost 3 times a week ive been checking this phone in the store.its very awesome phone, build quality, screen, and looks, i waiting for the next flagship of htc bcoz there might another phone to come, like htc max.; Almost 3 times a week ive been checking this phone in the store.its very awesome phone, build quality, screen, and looks, i waiting for the next flagship of htc bcoz there might another phone to come, like htc max.
Fitzcienda, 14 Aug 2013I've had this phone for 3 weeks now and its perfect, speed of use, build-quality, even battery... morehi,plz i want to know what is the net space of it`s ram from the 2gb??; hi,plz i want to know what is the net space of it`s ram from the 2gb??
Excelnt mobile HTC rocks; Excelnt mobile HTC rocks
HTC ONE: Observations after 1 month of use
 
 HTC one ,the flagship device of HTC for the year 2013 has won accolades all over the world for its brilliant design and performance.But in today's competetive world, choosing the best device from the hundreds available in the market is some task.I was in a similar fix a month back when I was scratching my head off to reach a conclusion on which device should i opt for. After a series of specification comparisons, hands down experiences I finally decided to go ahead with the HTC one.Today, after exactly one month of usage here are some of the observations that I have drawn from day to day use.
 
 Design
 Among all the flagship smartfones launched this year by different companies,HTC one by large was the best in design and build quality.The first time I touched it felt like heaven.The coldness of aluminium u feel when u touch it is something u cannot explain in words ,it's simply exceptional.For many years the success of apple's iphone was largely based on the brilliant design and build quality of their devices.Android devices simply didn't have that feel and design to match apple's brilliance . But the HTC one this year , seems to have taken the challenge to apple and no doubt it is the best design android smartfone ever made. The HTC one feels like a premium smartfone,has an excellent build quality, looks stunning and gives u the value for your money.
 
 Operating system/User Interface
 HTC one comes with android 4.1.2 out of the box having its own sense interface.The thing to note here is that the previous sense versions were quite heavy and seemed to lag a bit on heavy usage . But this time around HTC seems to have learnt their lesson from past experiences and come out with a completely new version of sense 5. The newest version of sense is not only lighter than the previous sense versions but is also a lot faster . It perform's daily tasks with almost no lag whatsoever.In addition HTC also has the new Blinkfeed feature which I myself find useful as it provides u with news , updates on the go.However there are some around who dont like the feature much and complain that there is no option to disable it.But giving due credit to the HTC team , they seem to have done an excellent job on the new sense version this year.The sense 5 is lag less and runs like a charm.
 
 Screen
 There are many reviewers out there who compare by saying that the galaxy s4 has 441 ppi while the HTC one has 468 ppi largely due to the fact that the ONE is 0.3 inches smaller.But from a layman's perspective I feel there is no difference that one may notice between the two devices screen with a naked eye.However,I must also add that the screen on the HTC gives more natural colors and is a bit more realistic.It doesn't saturate the colors and displays them the way they appear in real or the way they are captured.To conclude this in one line,screen on the HTC one is simply outstanding.
 
 Camera
 This is a bit of a dissapointment. When an individual shells out around 44000 bucks for a device, he expects it to simply be the best all around. Though HTC claims that they have come up with an altogether new ULTRAPIXEL technology on this device and the pixels don't really matter for a camera to capture good,crisp photos the truth is far from this.In broad day-light the HTC captures good photos but not as brilliant as some other devices available in the market.However in low light conditions HTC holds an edge over other smartfones as it captures photos effortlessly. It also has a new ZOE feature the HTC has introduced,that allows you to capture a moving photo of 3 seconds.The main problem with the HTC starts when the photo's captured loose their crispness and sharpness even when u zoom in a little.The photo's appear good with natural colors when captured but begin to loose their sharpness once you try to zoom in on a particular detail.All in all, the camera on HTC one is not the best and barely manages to compete with other smartfone camera's out there.
 
 Battery
 The battery on this device is a bit dissapointing . Although all the smartfones available around have the same problem of battery life , HTC one is no exception. It has its own share of battery related issues. On average usage of 1 hour calls , 1 hour music , games , watsapp , facebook and internet ,the battery would last for around 12-14 hours.The major factor that sucks the battery is the sense 5 . I expect HTC to provide a fix for this in future updates(currently I am running on android 4.2.2).
 
 Storage
 The HTC one come's with a 32 gig and a 64 gig storage capacity with no expandable memory slot.I own a 32 gig model which provides me with 25 gigs of available storage capacity.As far as my usage is concerned ,I find this enough for me but then again it depends on personal choice and requirements.
 
 Music and sound
 The boomspeakers on the front are exceptional and play crisp and clear music .However one thing that I found annoying was the fact that when i turned on the beats audio option in settings the sound coming from the speakers seemed to burst a little when played on full volume.There was no problem what so ever when I turned off beats audio setting.Overall the sound is crisp,clear and loud .
 
 Verdict
 HTC one is no doubt one of the best smartfones i have ever owned (I have previously owned an HTC wildfire S,iphone 4 and the galaxy s3).Although i must say that I myself didn't have any complain with the galaxy s3 that i owned for a year, but one thing I came across while using HTC one is that it is noticably fast as compared to galaxy s3. All in all I am happy and satisfied with my choice of investing money on this device after one month of usage; HTC ONE: Observations after 1 month of use; HTC one ,the flagship device of HTC for the year 2013 has won accolades all over the world for its brilliant design and performance.But in today's competetive world, choosing the best device from the hundreds available in the market is some task.I was in a similar fix a month back when I was scratching my head off to reach a conclusion on which device should i opt for. After a series of specification comparisons, hands down experiences I finally decided to go ahead with the HTC one.Today, after exactly one month of usage here are some of the observations that I have drawn from day to day use.; Design; Among all the flagship smartfones launched this year by different companies,HTC one by large was the best in design and build quality.The first time I touched it felt like heaven.The coldness of aluminium u feel when u touch it is something u cannot explain in words ,it's simply exceptional.For many years the success of apple's iphone was largely based on the brilliant design and build quality of their devices.Android devices simply didn't have that feel and design to match apple's brilliance . But the HTC one this year , seems to have taken the challenge to apple and no doubt it is the best design android smartfone ever made. The HTC one feels like a premium smartfone,has an excellent build quality, looks stunning and gives u the value for your money.; Operating system/User Interface; HTC one comes with android 4.1.2 out of the box having its own sense interface.The thing to note here is that the previous sense versions were quite heavy and seemed to lag a bit on heavy usage . But this time around HTC seems to have learnt their lesson from past experiences and come out with a completely new version of sense 5. The newest version of sense is not only lighter than the previous sense versions but is also a lot faster . It perform's daily tasks with almost no lag whatsoever.In addition HTC also has the new Blinkfeed feature which I myself find useful as it provides u with news , updates on the go.However there are some around who dont like the feature much and complain that there is no option to disable it.But giving due credit to the HTC team , they seem to have done an excellent job on the new sense version this year.The sense 5 is lag less and runs like a charm.; Screen; There are many reviewers out there who compare by saying that the galaxy s4 has 441 ppi while the HTC one has 468 ppi largely due to the fact that the ONE is 0.3 inches smaller.But from a layman's perspective I feel there is no difference that one may notice between the two devices screen with a naked eye.However,I must also add that the screen on the HTC gives more natural colors and is a bit more realistic.It doesn't saturate the colors and displays them the way they appear in real or the way they are captured.To conclude this in one line,screen on the HTC one is simply outstanding.; Camera; This is a bit of a dissapointment. When an individual shells out around 44000 bucks for a device, he expects it to simply be the best all around. Though HTC claims that they have come up with an altogether new ULTRAPIXEL technology on this device and the pixels don't really matter for a camera to capture good,crisp photos the truth is far from this.In broad day-light the HTC captures good photos but not as brilliant as some other devices available in the market.However in low light conditions HTC holds an edge over other smartfones as it captures photos effortlessly. It also has a new ZOE feature the HTC has introduced,that allows you to capture a moving photo of 3 seconds.The main problem with the HTC starts when the photo's captured loose their crispness and sharpness even when u zoom in a little.The photo's appear good with natural colors when captured but begin to loose their sharpness once you try to zoom in on a particular detail.All in all, the camera on HTC one is not the best and barely manages to compete with other smartfone camera's out there.; Battery; The battery on this device is a bit dissapointing . Although all the smartfones available around have the same problem of battery life , HTC one is no exception. It has its own share of battery related issues. On average usage of 1 hour calls , 1 hour music , games , watsapp , facebook and internet ,the battery would last for around 12-14 hours.The major factor that sucks the battery is the sense 5 . I expect HTC to provide a fix for this in future updates(currently I am running on android 4.2.2).; Storage; The HTC one come's with a 32 gig and a 64 gig storage capacity with no expandable memory slot.I own a 32 gig model which provides me with 25 gigs of available storage capacity.As far as my usage is concerned ,I find this enough for me but then again it depends on personal choice and requirements.; Music and sound; The boomspeakers on the front are exceptional and play crisp and clear music .However one thing that I found annoying was the fact that when i turned on the beats audio option in settings the sound coming from the speakers seemed to burst a little when played on full volume.There was no problem what so ever when I turned off beats audio setting.Overall the sound is crisp,clear and loud .; Verdict; HTC one is no doubt one of the best smartfones i have ever owned (I have previously owned an HTC wildfire S,iphone 4 and the galaxy s3).Although i must say that I myself didn't have any complain with the galaxy s3 that i owned for a year, but one thing I came across while using HTC one is that it is noticably fast as compared to galaxy s3. All in all I am happy and satisfied with my choice of investing money on this device after one month of usage
this handset is awesome; this handset is awesome
Anonymous, 23 Mar 2013So before I brought my HTC One, I looked at what was on the market and what was to come. Smart... moreYou mentioned "Altra Pixels" and I've heard that camera size in HTC ONE meets the 13MigaPixek in Galaxy S4. For what extent that becomes true?; You mentioned "Altra Pixels" and I've heard that camera size in HTC ONE meets the 13MigaPixek in Galaxy S4. For what extent that becomes true?
better than s4 nd z; better than s4 nd z
clare, 13 Aug 2013hi guys, can u help me about this 3 phones, which is better for u htc one, lg optimus g pro, o... morei think you go for the htc one or iphone 5. i used iphone 5 now and its good coz im a apple lover and i have an ipad thats why.; i think you go for the htc one or iphone 5. i used iphone 5 now and its good coz im a apple lover and i have an ipad thats why.
Any suggestion for the nice casing of HTC one (Silver); Any suggestion for the nice casing of HTC one (Silver)
Victor, 14 Aug 2013Is camera goodYa camera is good and very gud. U can go for it. U will never be disappointed rather u'll feel lucky u got it; Ya camera is good and very gud. U can go for it. U will never be disappointed rather u'll feel lucky u got it
It's great !; It's great !
aws sudad, 14 Aug 2013I think htc one is amazing phone Yes its great; Yes its great
drsrsr, 13 Aug 2013Everyone knows only common things that is most common. Unique things are not known by any othe... moreIs camera good; Is camera good
I think htc one is amazing phone; I think htc one is amazing phone
I think htc one is amazing phone; I think htc one is amazing phone
I've had this phone for 3 weeks now and its perfect, speed of use, build-quality, even battery life is better than what I expected, I've spent a lot of time selecting my phone, I've used the iPhone5 and Gs4, Samsung build is just awful compared to this, iPhone5 battery is woeful, this has all the apps you could ever need......this just feels, looks and operates like a premium phone, very very happy.......HTC One is by far the best overall phone on the market in my opinion; I've had this phone for 3 weeks now and its perfect, speed of use, build-quality, even battery life is better than what I expected, I've spent a lot of time selecting my phone, I've used the iPhone5 and Gs4, Samsung build is just awful compared to this, iPhone5 battery is woeful, this has all the apps you could ever need......this just feels, looks and operates like a premium phone, very very happy.......HTC One is by far the best overall phone on the market in my opinion
red box, 10 Aug 2013Hello, HELP ALERT ! Guys,am facing a problem in my phone which is ,when I open any new page... moreGo to developer option in your phone nad you know why it happens; Go to developer option in your phone nad you know why it happens
King, 12 Aug 2013Zero resale value. Think about it before buying...Even if you don't like S4, it keeps its valu... morevery true,htc has value no doubt.; very true,htc has value no doubt.
drsrsr, 13 Aug 2013Everyone knows only common things that is most common. Unique things are not known by any othe... morehi,plz i want to know what is the net space of it`s ram from the 2gb??; hi,plz i want to know what is the net space of it`s ram from the 2gb??
clare, 13 Aug 2013hi guys, can u help me about this 3 phones, which is better for u htc one, lg optimus g pro, o... moreIphone 5 sucks!And about the LG Optims G Pro is about what you want/need,a smartphone or a phablet.They got the same processor,so it is your decision which one you'll buy.I'd go on the One because of the Sense 5 interface,but like I said it's your decision.Hope I helped you!; Iphone 5 sucks!And about the LG Optims G Pro is about what you want/need,a smartphone or a phablet.They got the same processor,so it is your decision which one you'll buy.I'd go on the One because of the Sense 5 interface,but like I said it's your decision.Hope I helped you!
if you want to buy an smart phone just try this gr8 lovely one you 100% buy this; if you want to buy an smart phone just try this gr8 lovely one you 100% buy this
clare, 13 Aug 2013hi guys, can u help me about this 3 phones, which is better for u htc one, lg optimus g pro, o... moreHtc one...; Htc one...
hi guys, can u help me about this 3 phones, which is better for u htc one, lg optimus g pro, or iphone 5? and why? thanks,bcoz one of them i will buy next week, thanks again salamat po; hi guys, can u help me about this 3 phones, which is better for u htc one, lg optimus g pro, or iphone 5? and why? thanks,bcoz one of them i will buy next week, thanks again salamat po
Everyone knows only common things that is most common. Unique things are not known by any other person. those who knows this unique device HTC one knows the value. It's just the best phone today. Everything is gr8 in this phone. Camera, interface, beats, display, design, processor, everything is best. Using from 2months. Best and sexiest phone on the planet.
 It's unique so better less people know becoz not everyone can afford this unique device.; Everyone knows only common things that is most common. Unique things are not known by any other person. those who knows this unique device HTC one knows the value. It's just the best phone today. Everything is gr8 in this phone. Camera, interface, beats, display, design, processor, everything is best. Using from 2months. Best and sexiest phone on the planet.; It's unique so better less people know becoz not everyone can afford this unique device.
King, 12 Aug 2013Zero resale value. Think about it before buying...Even if you don't like S4, it keeps its valu... moreYou only guessing that S4 is going to hold its value, but for now go on and live the dream with HTC one, you only live once so enjoy the best with your HTC one because when it comes to the end of the HTC one useful lifetime neither the HTC neither the S4 is desirable because their technology is past and then the masses of discerning users will be clamoring for the brand new HTC flagship, yea repent now bro go sit on your hands and forget the s4 plastic crap cheers terry; You only guessing that S4 is going to hold its value, but for now go on and live the dream with HTC one, you only live once so enjoy the best with your HTC one because when it comes to the end of the HTC one useful lifetime neither the HTC neither the S4 is desirable because their technology is past and then the masses of discerning users will be clamoring for the brand new HTC flagship, yea repent now bro go sit on your hands and forget the s4 plastic crap cheers terry
King, 12 Aug 2013Zero resale value. Think about it before buying...Even if you don't like S4, it keeps its valu... morehere in india s4 launched at 41500 arnd 2-3 months back and one was launched at 42500
 well now s4 is priced at 33000 and one at 38500 
 From here u must know which 1 will have better resale?; here in india s4 launched at 41500 arnd 2-3 months back and one was launched at 42500; well now s4 is priced at 33000 and one at 38500; From here u must know which 1 will have better resale?
I've found very low re-sell value for Samsung stuff in general. 
 And people with New One aren't willing to sell it.
 The re-sell value aren't out there because no one is selling theirs.
 Yah, go buy the S4 cause you gonna bank with their resell value!; I've found very low re-sell value for Samsung stuff in general.; And people with New One aren't willing to sell it.; The re-sell value aren't out there because no one is selling theirs.; Yah, go buy the S4 cause you gonna bank with their resell value!
The HTC One is one of the best Android handsets in the US right now. Its big rival is the Samsung Galaxy S4, which recently got a shot in the arm from an OTA update that removed the lags its had been suffering from.
 
 Whats the HTC One got going for it? Will it have Android 5.0 (Key Lime Pie), as this OS is supposed to be coming out this year. However, Android 4.3 has been creating quite a stir, and apparently the HTC One will be the only HTC Android phone to get this update.
 
 Recently we got an interesting tip from an HTC source whos been on the money about HTC phones before.
 
 This source said that the Jelly Bean 4.3 update has already been submitted to the four big US carriers  weeks before the HTC One was bumped up to Android 4.2. It seems, then, that AT&T, Verizon, Sprint and T-Mobile have had the 4.3 update for testing out for some time!
 
 This must mean that the T-Mobile HTC one could be in line for the JB 4.3 update in August or September. We also wouldnt be surprised if Spring and AT&T bring it out this summer as well.
 
 We also need to talk about the upcoming Verizon HTC One. If Verizon actually does have the 4.3 update for review and approval, this may mean two things. There might be a Verizon HTC One on the way pretty quick! And  it might come with Jelly Bean 4.3 pre-installed.
 
 All this is just smoke and mirrors at the moment, so dont take this info as gospel. Well let you know more as soon as we find out more.; The HTC One is one of the best Android handsets in the US right now. Its big rival is the Samsung Galaxy S4, which recently got a shot in the arm from an OTA update that removed the lags its had been suffering from.; Whats the HTC One got going for it? Will it have Android 5.0 (Key Lime Pie), as this OS is supposed to be coming out this year. However, Android 4.3 has been creating quite a stir, and apparently the HTC One will be the only HTC Android phone to get this update.; Recently we got an interesting tip from an HTC source whos been on the money about HTC phones before.; This source said that the Jelly Bean 4.3 update has already been submitted to the four big US carriers  weeks before the HTC One was bumped up to Android 4.2. It seems, then, that AT&T, Verizon, Sprint and T-Mobile have had the 4.3 update for testing out for some time!; This must mean that the T-Mobile HTC one could be in line for the JB 4.3 update in August or September. We also wouldnt be surprised if Spring and AT&T bring it out this summer as well.; We also need to talk about the upcoming Verizon HTC One. If Verizon actually does have the 4.3 update for review and approval, this may mean two things. There might be a Verizon HTC One on the way pretty quick! And  it might come with Jelly Bean 4.3 pre-installed.; All this is just smoke and mirrors at the moment, so dont take this info as gospel. Well let you know more as soon as we find out more.
King, 12 Aug 2013Zero resale value. Think about it before buying...Even if you don't like S4, it keeps its valu... moreResale value is not that important as all smartphones lose their marketing value after 2 years because newer phones are available . Nowadays, most people get the flagship phones on contract. therefore most people will just upgrade to another phone and recycle the old one. Only very few people will buy phones at full price. This is going to be the trends of smartphones now and in the future. So after 2 years when my cellphone contract expires, I just recycle the ONE and get a better ONE.; Resale value is not that important as all smartphones lose their marketing value after 2 years because newer phones are available . Nowadays, most people get the flagship phones on contract. therefore most people will just upgrade to another phone and recycle the old one. Only very few people will buy phones at full price. This is going to be the trends of smartphones now and in the future. So after 2 years when my cellphone contract expires, I just recycle the ONE and get a better ONE.
Zero resale value. Think about it before buying...Even if you don't like S4, it keeps its value because many people want one...Most people don't even know what is Htc...; Zero resale value. Think about it before buying...Even if you don't like S4, it keeps its value because many people want one...Most people don't even know what is Htc...
Hey tel me the cheapest price of htc one in india and wht is the difference between htc one and htc one 801s?; Hey tel me the cheapest price of htc one in india and wht is the difference between htc one and htc one 801s?
I have heard that one is non repairable due to zero gap body.. U have to throw d phone if it get damage wtf????; I have heard that one is non repairable due to zero gap body.. U have to throw d phone if it get damage wtf????
Great phone from HTC best design best display very fast no lag very good body I feel I have an super phone. HTC one are best phone I have Tanks HTC tanks; Great phone from HTC best design best display very fast no lag very good body I feel I have an super phone. HTC one are best phone I have Tanks HTC tanks
sam1902, 10 Aug 2013I am using the HTC One for two months. two observations. the camera is a real down side. the l... moreWrong observation dude !!... 
 i have already check my pic quality with my friend's apple and S4.. In low light/no light HTC one really rocks.. 4mp means you can't take big picture, it not the scale to measure definition. HTC one's Ultrapixel really define a Picture's color,reality.. etc more deeply than any other phone. The best example is in outdoor while taking a picture with Sky/cloud.. go and check yourself daaa!!; Wrong observation dude !!...; i have already check my pic quality with my friend's apple and S4.. In low light/no light HTC one really rocks.. 4mp means you can't take big picture, it not the scale to measure definition. HTC one's Ultrapixel really define a Picture's color,reality.. etc more deeply than any other phone. The best example is in outdoor while taking a picture with Sky/cloud.. go and check yourself daaa!!
red box, 10 Aug 2013Hello, HELP ALERT ! Guys,am facing a problem in my phone which is ,when I open any new page... morego to developer option and open the advanced options then uncheck what is checked to know where is your point
 
 regards,
 !nfra101; go to developer option and open the advanced options then uncheck what is checked to know where is your point; regards,; !nfra101
moji jon, 10 Aug 2013this is one "the best ever "the one that is better; the one that is better
should i use scratch guard on htc one? i bought it few days back and not put the scracth guard. and i am getting some minute scratches. in wildfire when i put the screen guard then its touch on the lower portion of the screen stopped working. so i am concerned before attempting to take such steps.
 
 and is the ventilation for the phone provided through the screen or only through the back?; should i use scratch guard on htc one? i bought it few days back and not put the scracth guard. and i am getting some minute scratches. in wildfire when i put the screen guard then its touch on the lower portion of the screen stopped working. so i am concerned before attempting to take such steps.; and is the ventilation for the phone provided through the screen or only through the back?
How to enable weather animation on HTC ONE when screen unlock,like one x etc..; How to enable weather animation on HTC ONE when screen unlock,like one x etc..
sam1902, 10 Aug 2013I am using the HTC One for two months. two observations. the camera is a real down side. the l... moreDo u update ur phone to the latest firmware?; Do u update ur phone to the latest firmware?
I have had one for about 3 months now I love the speed and usability battery is moderate ...sucks no expandable memory other than that I love the phone my friend has an s4 and my phone is a little faster screen is clearer showing much more whiter whites and cameras were about even with my one ahead slightly but not much I love my HTC one; I have had one for about 3 months now I love the speed and usability battery is moderate ...sucks no expandable memory other than that I love the phone my friend has an s4 and my phone is a little faster screen is clearer showing much more whiter whites and cameras were about even with my one ahead slightly but not much I love my HTC one
I have had one for about 3 months now I love the speed and usability battery is moderate ...sucks no expandable memory other than that I love the phone my friend has an s4 and my phone is a little faster screen is clearer showing much more whiter whites and cameras were about even with my one ahead slightly but not much I love my HTC one; I have had one for about 3 months now I love the speed and usability battery is moderate ...sucks no expandable memory other than that I love the phone my friend has an s4 and my phone is a little faster screen is clearer showing much more whiter whites and cameras were about even with my one ahead slightly but not much I love my HTC one
wowowowowowow!!! The best of all, indeed is really a good phone; wowowowowowow!!! The best of all, indeed is really a good phone
use this phone and falling in love; use this phone and falling in love
Shottayouth, 11 Aug 2013In which dimension is the HTC One Camera Better? Apart from low light in what other area is i... moreIn the low-lights and indoor conditions HTC One is clearly the winner. But in the daylight conditions the S4 is little bit ahead but it's not a significant difference; sometimes both are equal. When comes to the video recording again HTC One little bit ahead. In the HDR mode both are equal but the S4 completely disappear the clouds, sky is completely white when took a HDR photo from S4, but HTC One won't.
 
 HTC One comes with the Wide Angle lens ideal for the landscape photography and another advantage is we can take a group photo of even 10 persons, perfectly fit to the frame while S4 can't because of its narrow field lens.; In the low-lights and indoor conditions HTC One is clearly the winner. But in the daylight conditions the S4 is little bit ahead but it's not a significant difference; sometimes both are equal. When comes to the video recording again HTC One little bit ahead. In the HDR mode both are equal but the S4 completely disappear the clouds, sky is completely white when took a HDR photo from S4, but HTC One won't.; HTC One comes with the Wide Angle lens ideal for the landscape photography and another advantage is we can take a group photo of even 10 persons, perfectly fit to the frame while S4 can't because of its narrow field lens.
Amit, 10 Aug 2013Check developer options and uncheck all unwanted thing..Hopefully your problem will be solve a... morehey amit , many many thanks i could solve this problem through developers option 
 :) 
 thank you once again !; hey amit , many many thanks i could solve this problem through developers option; :); thank you once again !
Chebulla, 11 Aug 20131)The camera quality is better than S4's though not that zoomable. 2)EVERY phone heats up m... moreIn which dimension is the HTC One Camera Better?
 Apart from low light in what other area is it better?
 Take some pictures with both handsets. Use the different modes. Ensure that for comparison purposes the same objects/subjects are photographed.
 Transfer them to a laptop/pc.
 Do your comparison then.
 Post your findings.; In which dimension is the HTC One Camera Better?; Apart from low light in what other area is it better?; Take some pictures with both handsets. Use the different modes. Ensure that for comparison purposes the same objects/subjects are photographed.; Transfer them to a laptop/pc.; Do your comparison then.; Post your findings.
It's a real good phone... Takes a while to get used to some of the features. Feels strange when I use iPhone and Samsung now. I am comfortable with the HTC. Only problem is no one likes HTC. My girlfriend doesn't like using it.; It's a real good phone... Takes a while to get used to some of the features. Feels strange when I use iPhone and Samsung now. I am comfortable with the HTC. Only problem is no one likes HTC. My girlfriend doesn't like using it.
henofem, 10 Aug 2013never you put phone on bed it will heat more for there is no vent for escape of heat when you ... more1)The camera quality is better than S4's though not that zoomable.
 
 2)EVERY phone heats up more then often especially while playing game and charging the device.; 1)The camera quality is better than S4's though not that zoomable.; 2)EVERY phone heats up more then often especially while playing game and charging the device.
Basem, 04 Aug 2013I've been using this phone for almost a month now (moved on from a galaxy s3) and I've really ... morenever you put phone on bed it will heat more for there is no vent for escape of heat when you but on soft surface.ti like putting computer on soft surface.eg foam; never you put phone on bed it will heat more for there is no vent for escape of heat when you but on soft surface.ti like putting computer on soft surface.eg foam
this is one "the best ever "; this is one "the best ever "
red box, 07 Aug 2013hey , i am facing one issue in this cell phone which is when i open any new file/app/window in... moreCheck developer options and uncheck all unwanted thing..Hopefully your problem will be solve after this; Check developer options and uncheck all unwanted thing..Hopefully your problem will be solve after this
Simply best phone so far..... Love it. ..; Simply best phone so far..... Love it. ..
im in two minds whther to get this phone is it all its hyped up to be?; im in two minds whther to get this phone is it all its hyped up to be?
I am using the HTC One for two months. two observations. the camera is a real down side. the low light performance is also not up to the mark in comparison to the S4.i dropped it once, and it got an ugly dent on the top right corner. so guys use a protective case. battery is average but its ok for me. but i am really unhappy with the camera performance. HTC could have gone with the traditional 13MP camera. they brought something new on the table but its not good enough, at least not for a flagship.; I am using the HTC One for two months. two observations. the camera is a real down side. the low light performance is also not up to the mark in comparison to the S4.i dropped it once, and it got an ugly dent on the top right corner. so guys use a protective case. battery is average but its ok for me. but i am really unhappy with the camera performance. HTC could have gone with the traditional 13MP camera. they brought something new on the table but its not good enough, at least not for a flagship.
well all i have to say htc One is very good phone...i have it for a month now and all works perfectly... camera is very good... sound superb...zoe great...
 IMAO u will not be sorry if u buy One; well all i have to say htc One is very good phone...i have it for a month now and all works perfectly... camera is very good... sound superb...zoe great...; IMAO u will not be sorry if u buy One
Etienne, 09 Aug 2013What a brilliant phone ! But unfortunately I had to return it back to the seller because of v... moreYou must have had a faulty device. The reception and call quality is top notch ;); You must have had a faulty device. The reception and call quality is top notch ;)
Phonemix, 10 Aug 2013Guys I need help ASAP .... Shud I get this htc one or an iPhone 5 .... I'm so confused.HTC One instead of the iPhone 5 any day.
 It's fast, fluit, best screen, dual speakers, good camera with even better camera features.. go for it mate!; HTC One instead of the iPhone 5 any day.; It's fast, fluit, best screen, dual speakers, good camera with even better camera features.. go for it mate!
Hello, 
 HELP ALERT !
 Guys,am facing a problem in my phone which is ,when I open any new page / app /file/ vdo anything I see a red box blink around my mobile screen frequently so please tell me this happens in your phone too ? Or is there any cure ?
 Please reply; Hello,; HELP ALERT !; Guys,am facing a problem in my phone which is ,when I open any new page / app /file/ vdo anything I see a red box blink around my mobile screen frequently so please tell me this happens in your phone too ? Or is there any cure ?; Please reply
Phonemix, 10 Aug 2013Guys I need help ASAP .... Shud I get this htc one or an iPhone 5 .... I'm so confused.lol.htc one!; lol.htc one!
Guys I need help ASAP .... Shud I get this htc one or an iPhone 5 .... I'm so confused.; Guys I need help ASAP .... Shud I get this htc one or an iPhone 5 .... I'm so confused.
I have this for a month now, and now I can surely say that it is currently the smoothest android to date (exluding the nexus editions). Even the sgs4 lags quite badly to open basic apps like dialer or settings, thats not the case with htc one. Try it out for yourself and you will see :); I have this for a month now, and now I can surely say that it is currently the smoothest android to date (exluding the nexus editions). Even the sgs4 lags quite badly to open basic apps like dialer or settings, thats not the case with htc one. Try it out for yourself and you will see :)
orequav, 06 Aug 2013mega-pixels are one of the biggest marketing cons of cameras and phones these days... more sou... moreBut HTC put in a low-res sensor and a bad lens. So their camera is bad.; But HTC put in a low-res sensor and a bad lens. So their camera is bad.
awesome....it was super....it was a new experiance for me..i prefer every one for buy this....it is very friendly and nice for use....its absltly worth.....; awesome....it was super....it was a new experiance for me..i prefer every one for buy this....it is very friendly and nice for use....its absltly worth.....
Ty G, 09 Aug 2013Its like this, batteries for both htc1 and s4 could break down. w/ s4 its easy to replace, eit... morethx for the help dude... i gng to get the HTC one...; thx for the help dude... i gng to get the HTC one...
Chebulla, 09 Aug 2013Of course the battery is replacable. You just have to take it in service.Thankyou......
 i am gng to get the beast HTC ONE; Thankyou......; i am gng to get the beast HTC ONE
What a brilliant phone !
 But unfortunately I had to return it back to the seller because of very bad network reception. What a pitty !
 For that price range you can only expect outstanding performances which is not the case for the common basic function of a phone : being able to get network for calls... Reviews on internet speak about brilliant recpetion. That isn't true. Too bad, I'm so disappointed. Don't know which other phone to buy in replacement of my Xperia ARC S. I don't want an iPhone, Galaxy S4, Xperia Z. Maybe later this year a Nokia 925 whenever Windows Mobile proves to be a good replacement for android and ios.; What a brilliant phone !; But unfortunately I had to return it back to the seller because of very bad network reception. What a pitty !; For that price range you can only expect outstanding performances which is not the case for the common basic function of a phone : being able to get network for calls... Reviews on internet speak about brilliant recpetion. That isn't true. Too bad, I'm so disappointed. Don't know which other phone to buy in replacement of my Xperia ARC S. I don't want an iPhone, Galaxy S4, Xperia Z. Maybe later this year a Nokia 925 whenever Windows Mobile proves to be a good replacement for android and ios.
Recconer, 08 Aug 2013hi, i am so confused whether to buy HTC one or GS4.... I like HTC one the most, but it comes ... moreOf course the battery is replacable. You just have to take it in service.; Of course the battery is replacable. You just have to take it in service.
The HTC One is by far the best Handset that HTC have released to date. 
 Previously having an Iphone5 and a Samsung Galaxy S3, I found that the Iphone you couldn't personalise the handset
 and the Samsung Galaxy S3 often froze.
 The HTC Ones camera is amazing, although lags when is on 'flash mode' 
 I find the handset is a great design. screen with the constant feed is great, 
 and the extra features turning your phone in to a remote is awesome! 
 You can also change the background of the text messaging to a photo. 
 Happy Happy Happy; The HTC One is by far the best Handset that HTC have released to date.; Previously having an Iphone5 and a Samsung Galaxy S3, I found that the Iphone you couldn't personalise the handset; and the Samsung Galaxy S3 often froze.; The HTC Ones camera is amazing, although lags when is on 'flash mode'; I find the handset is a great design. screen with the constant feed is great,; and the extra features turning your phone in to a remote is awesome!; You can also change the background of the text messaging to a photo.; Happy Happy Happy
No doubt HTC ONE is one of the best htc has ever made. Htc makes good software mostly bug free, lag free than its competitors. But where htc lags behind is when updating their flagship phones with latest android. However we all know that htc has just released 4.2 2 to htc one. But regarding my personal experience with htc I can bet u that in coming months whenever Google announce its next android i.e key lime pie, either htc in future will going to cancel it or may take ages to update. Am not a htc hater, but its just a feedback from myself to help htc do better. Even SONY is being so much aggressive with their updates so why htc lags behind? ? I hope htc should learn from SONY.; No doubt HTC ONE is one of the best htc has ever made. Htc makes good software mostly bug free, lag free than its competitors. But where htc lags behind is when updating their flagship phones with latest android. However we all know that htc has just released 4.2 2 to htc one. But regarding my personal experience with htc I can bet u that in coming months whenever Google announce its next android i.e key lime pie, either htc in future will going to cancel it or may take ages to update. Am not a htc hater, but its just a feedback from myself to help htc do better. Even SONY is being so much aggressive with their updates so why htc lags behind? ? I hope htc should learn from SONY.
Recconer, 08 Aug 2013hi, i am so confused whether to buy HTC one or GS4.... I like HTC one the most, but it comes ... moreIts like this, batteries for both htc1 and s4 could break down. w/ s4 its easy to replace, either way you spend money. My htc desire has been w/ me for the longest time, battery is still in good condition (easy to replace, removable). Incase my htc one battery dies, i'll just have it serviced, and i dont expect it to die on me because i know how to take care of it. Just monitor your battery during the first few days so you'll know if you had a "lemon" or defective unit so you can replace it just incase, same goes for other brands anyway.; Its like this, batteries for both htc1 and s4 could break down. w/ s4 its easy to replace, either way you spend money. My htc desire has been w/ me for the longest time, battery is still in good condition (easy to replace, removable). Incase my htc one battery dies, i'll just have it serviced, and i dont expect it to die on me because i know how to take care of it. Just monitor your battery during the first few days so you'll know if you had a "lemon" or defective unit so you can replace it just incase, same goes for other brands anyway.
k, 08 Aug 2013Do check the new lg G2 too.LG has a terrible UI you'll regret. HTC will always be the best choice for everyone...; LG has a terrible UI you'll regret. HTC will always be the best choice for everyone...
Got this phone for my mate an tried it out,an found the usb connector not very long an usb data cable can easily be disconnected,speakers spot on,an body o.k but can be very damaged an marked easily,people will miss the removable battery an micro sd card slot,so find my S4 alot better choice because of HTC not offering this; Got this phone for my mate an tried it out,an found the usb connector not very long an usb data cable can easily be disconnected,speakers spot on,an body o.k but can be very damaged an marked easily,people will miss the removable battery an micro sd card slot,so find my S4 alot better choice because of HTC not offering this
hi, i am so confused whether to buy HTC one or GS4....
 I like HTC one the most, but it comes with non removable battry. what if the battery goes down ?? cant we able to replace the battery ?????
 
 if the battery could be replaced then i am definitely going to buy the htc one.....; hi, i am so confused whether to buy HTC one or GS4....; I like HTC one the most, but it comes with non removable battry. what if the battery goes down ?? cant we able to replace the battery ?????; if the battery could be replaced then i am definitely going to buy the htc one.....
SeekerX, 08 Aug 2013Hi all, Need some urgent buying advice. I am really split between the htc one and galaxy S4.... moreDo check the new lg G2 too.; Do check the new lg G2 too.
SeekerX, 08 Aug 2013Hi all, Need some urgent buying advice. I am really split between the htc one and galaxy S4.... morego for it!! u won't regret; go for it!! u won't regret
Hi all,
 Need some urgent buying advice.
 I am really split between the htc one and galaxy S4. my priorities are a solid performing device that lasts me long.
 keeping in mind that i am from India, can anyone point me towards a direction?
 
 Any help is appreciated. :); Hi all,; Need some urgent buying advice.; I am really split between the htc one and galaxy S4. my priorities are a solid performing device that lasts me long.; keeping in mind that i am from India, can anyone point me towards a direction?; Any help is appreciated. :)
steff, 08 Aug 2013So I just wanted to say a few things about the phone. I got the phone coming from an HTC inspi... moreDownload the official Microsoft Office app from the Google Play Store or QuickOffice, Polaris Office, ect.
 
 And don't drop your phones for christ sake. Or if you tend to drope them then protect them with either a case or a leather pouch. 1st world problems smh; Download the official Microsoft Office app from the Google Play Store or QuickOffice, Polaris Office, ect.; And don't drop your phones for christ sake. Or if you tend to drope them then protect them with either a case or a leather pouch. 1st world problems smh
steff, 08 Aug 2013So I just wanted to say a few things about the phone. I got the phone coming from an HTC inspi... moreYour bf shouldve bought u a lumia instead if thats what u want. Dont blame the phone, dump your bf.; Your bf shouldve bought u a lumia instead if thats what u want. Dont blame the phone, dump your bf.
steff, 08 Aug 2013So I just wanted to say a few things about the phone. I got the phone coming from an HTC inspi... moreIn addition, phones are not meant to be dropped. U people drop your phones then blame the phone for not being durable enough to withstand the drop. Buy a phone made of rubber maybe it wont get damaged. And y not blame yourself for being careless.; In addition, phones are not meant to be dropped. U people drop your phones then blame the phone for not being durable enough to withstand the drop. Buy a phone made of rubber maybe it wont get damaged. And y not blame yourself for being careless.
Mar, 07 Aug 2013how about the performance of HTC One? Is it smooth or not? Because last when i bought HTC One ... moreVery smooth.; Very smooth.
misbah47, 07 Aug 2013I gt HTC one but things aren't getting downloaded from playstore and surfing is too slow thou... moreClearly a network problem. Do not set phone to auto mode. Always use wcdma if you will be using the internet.; Clearly a network problem. Do not set phone to auto mode. Always use wcdma if you will be using the internet.
Hy guys,this phone HTC One = HTC ONE 801n ??? or 801n is an another phone?; Hy guys,this phone HTC One = HTC ONE 801n ??? or 801n is an another phone?
Ultra pixel...Mega pixel...ultra pixel...megapixel...
 I am tired of hearing this since the announcement of this phone. About 70 percent of the comments here is about that.It makes me sick. Will you all stop that and talk something else. Please....; Ultra pixel...Mega pixel...ultra pixel...megapixel...; I am tired of hearing this since the announcement of this phone. About 70 percent of the comments here is about that.It makes me sick. Will you all stop that and talk something else. Please....
misbah47, 07 Aug 2013I gt HTC one but things aren't getting downloaded from playstore and surfing is too slow thou... moreCongratulation! for the buying of the HTC One.
 
 I don't have any problem regarding the mobile data connection. Anyway there is something you can do.
 
 1 Turn on mobile data.
 2 Go to the settings.
 3 Choose Mobile Data.
 4 Tap Network Mode.
 5 Then select GSM/WCDMA Auto.
 
 The mobile data speed and connectivity depend on according to your service provider. If your mobile network 3g signals and speed are low, then nothing to do with the phone. However if your mobile network has the weak signals, I strongly recommend you to choose the auto mode.; Congratulation! for the buying of the HTC One.; I don't have any problem regarding the mobile data connection. Anyway there is something you can do.; 1 Turn on mobile data.; 2 Go to the settings.; 3 Choose Mobile Data.; 4 Tap Network Mode.; 5 Then select GSM/WCDMA Auto.; The mobile data speed and connectivity depend on according to your service provider. If your mobile network 3g signals and speed are low, then nothing to do with the phone. However if your mobile network has the weak signals, I strongly recommend you to choose the auto mode.
So I just wanted to say a few things about the phone. I got the phone coming from an HTC inspire thinking I was getting an upgrade. My boyfriendvbought me the phone so I said sure why not. However I am missing some things from my old inspire. Like the durablity, I dropped that thing every which way it never had any problems. The aluminum on thisone dents very easily and gets dirty. NNext is there is no more Microsoft word excel and PowerPoint so I can't open files or work on them... This is a huge downfall for me. I do enjoy the speakers Yippy but I would much rather have the Microsoft package. Not to mention some where on this phone is a off viewer that allows me to view them however on the inspire there was and adobe shortcut which allowed you to go back to any off you've opened.... I have yet to find that on his one which kind of disappointed me as I would have to redownload it to see it again. Well that's all I really have for now.; So I just wanted to say a few things about the phone. I got the phone coming from an HTC inspire thinking I was getting an upgrade. My boyfriendvbought me the phone so I said sure why not. However I am missing some things from my old inspire. Like the durablity, I dropped that thing every which way it never had any problems. The aluminum on thisone dents very easily and gets dirty. NNext is there is no more Microsoft word excel and PowerPoint so I can't open files or work on them... This is a huge downfall for me. I do enjoy the speakers Yippy but I would much rather have the Microsoft package. Not to mention some where on this phone is a off viewer that allows me to view them however on the inspire there was and adobe shortcut which allowed you to go back to any off you've opened.... I have yet to find that on his one which kind of disappointed me as I would have to redownload it to see it again. Well that's all I really have for now.
unfortunately specs provided are somehow wrong.; unfortunately specs provided are somehow wrong.
misbah47, 07 Aug 2013Is anybody having pblm in downloading from playstore the network being in 3g? I want to one wh... moreTry to reset your access point for the internet. If it goes through wi fi it shoud be fine through 3g, hspa or even gprs (very slow in this case). There are issues with compatibility of the phone with network provider. You can also chech to see what are the settings of the market app ( uncheck 'download only through wifi') or other internet limitations.
 Best of luck!; Try to reset your access point for the internet. If it goes through wi fi it shoud be fine through 3g, hspa or even gprs (very slow in this case). There are issues with compatibility of the phone with network provider. You can also chech to see what are the settings of the market app ( uncheck 'download only through wifi') or other internet limitations.; Best of luck!
red box, 07 Aug 2013hey , i am facing one issue in this cell phone which is when i open any new file/app/window in... moreyou should update the os or reformat the rom after that the problem of red border will solve.
 I have tried it on my canvas 2.; you should update the os or reformat the rom after that the problem of red border will solve.; I have tried it on my canvas 2.
orequav, 06 Aug 2013mega-pixels are one of the biggest marketing cons of cameras and phones these days... more sou... moreThanks for your advice friend, Thats the scam that we are all tangled with.. When we hear a phone with High Megapixels, we feel it great! (Nokia 1020) :/
 Anyways, i gotta check on the phone, always loved it. and dream it to buy... :); Thanks for your advice friend, Thats the scam that we are all tangled with.. When we hear a phone with High Megapixels, we feel it great! (Nokia 1020) :/; Anyways, i gotta check on the phone, always loved it. and dream it to buy... :)
hey , i am facing one issue in this cell phone which is when i open any new file/app/window in browser i see i red box blink around the screen. is it happen in every phone ?
 please tell me . Tell me the process; hey , i am facing one issue in this cell phone which is when i open any new file/app/window in browser i see i red box blink around the screen. is it happen in every phone ?; please tell me . Tell me the process
Is anybody having pblm in downloading from playstore the network being in 3g? I want to one whether it's a phone problem or connection prblm? Pls help. my HTC one has connction of 3g but it's nt at all willing to download frm playstore. even aftr clearing cache..; Is anybody having pblm in downloading from playstore the network being in 3g? I want to one whether it's a phone problem or connection prblm? Pls help. my HTC one has connction of 3g but it's nt at all willing to download frm playstore. even aftr clearing cache..
Techno J., 06 Aug 2013Just type *#06# on dialer. Then it will appear a IMEI number. If the IMEI matched with the IME... moreI gt HTC one but things aren't getting downloaded from playstore and surfing is too slow though being in 3g. is this a phone pblm.or ntwrk pblm..; I gt HTC one but things aren't getting downloaded from playstore and surfing is too slow though being in 3g. is this a phone pblm.or ntwrk pblm..
how about the performance of HTC One? Is it smooth or not? Because last when i bought HTC One X, i thought it will very smooth because of it Quad-core processor. After using, i felt it performance not like my expectation,One X is very very lag, and always hang.; how about the performance of HTC One? Is it smooth or not? Because last when i bought HTC One X, i thought it will very smooth because of it Quad-core processor. After using, i felt it performance not like my expectation,One X is very very lag, and always hang.
is it worth buying htc one; is it worth buying htc one
beLL, 06 Aug 2013The phone is not 4MP it's a mistake it is actually 4UP(Ultra Pixel) meaning 16 mega pixelwhat a completely false and uneducated thing to say. ultra pixel is something htc has created and has nothing to do with mega pixels. what they have done is make the pixels bigger,so they therefore let in more light,leading to a better quality photo,especially in low light conditions. they are proving that it doesn't matter how high the mega pixel's are.; what a completely false and uneducated thing to say. ultra pixel is something htc has created and has nothing to do with mega pixels. what they have done is make the pixels bigger,so they therefore let in more light,leading to a better quality photo,especially in low light conditions. they are proving that it doesn't matter how high the mega pixel's are.
beLL, 06 Aug 2013The phone is not 4MP it's a mistake it is actually 4UP(Ultra Pixel) meaning 16 mega pixelThe camera on the HTC One is a 4 megapixel camera, not 16 megapixels. The 4MP in this UltraPixel camera do not equal 16MP.
 
 UltraPixel is not a measure of the number of pixels, but is the type of camera.
 
 An UltraPixel camera has a larger sensor instead of more pixels, resulting in more light gathered, and a higher quality, but lower resolution photo.
 
 See http://www.htc.com/www/zoe/; The camera on the HTC One is a 4 megapixel camera, not 16 megapixels. The 4MP in this UltraPixel camera do not equal 16MP.; UltraPixel is not a measure of the number of pixels, but is the type of camera.; An UltraPixel camera has a larger sensor instead of more pixels, resulting in more light gathered, and a higher quality, but lower resolution photo.; See
The phone is not 4MP it's a mistake it is actually 4UP(Ultra Pixel) meaning 16 mega pixel; The phone is not 4MP it's a mistake it is actually 4UP(Ultra Pixel) meaning 16 mega pixel
Binaka, 06 Aug 2013Every Feature is there? Why the Camera has Low Megapixels? 4MP... :/ At least f its more th... moremega-pixels are one of the biggest marketing cons of cameras and phones these days... more sounds better, but they just simply don't produce any better images! in reality the quality of the image is more limited by the lens - the resolution limit of the lens will be not be able to resolve enough detail to warrant any more than a few megapixels - you could put a 100mp sensor behind a shit lens and the photo will look the same as with a 4mp sensor. I've got massive respect for HTC being one of the first companies to stop conning people with expensive, large-megapixel sensors that you don't need! you could easily get a very good looking 8x12in print from 4mp, and larger depending on the intended viewing distance.; mega-pixels are one of the biggest marketing cons of cameras and phones these days... more sounds better, but they just simply don't produce any better images! in reality the quality of the image is more limited by the lens - the resolution limit of the lens will be not be able to resolve enough detail to warrant any more than a few megapixels - you could put a 100mp sensor behind a shit lens and the photo will look the same as with a 4mp sensor. I've got massive respect for HTC being one of the first companies to stop conning people with expensive, large-megapixel sensors that you don't need! you could easily get a very good looking 8x12in print from 4mp, and larger depending on the intended viewing distance.
Every Feature is there? Why the Camera has Low Megapixels? 4MP... :/
 
 At least f its more than 5MP, it would be great..; Every Feature is there? Why the Camera has Low Megapixels? 4MP... :/; At least f its more than 5MP, it would be great..
Techno J., 06 Aug 2013Just type *#06# on dialer. Then it will appear a IMEI number. If the IMEI matched with the IME... moreThere are cases that the imei in box are faked to match the imei with phone. Better to send htc an email to have the imei checked. But i dont think htc one can easily be faked. Its most probably genuine. Also from the physical looks and screen quality you can easily tell if its fake.; There are cases that the imei in box are faked to match the imei with phone. Better to send htc an email to have the imei checked. But i dont think htc one can easily be faked. Its most probably genuine. Also from the physical looks and screen quality you can easily tell if its fake.
Prateek, 06 Aug 2013should i update my htc one to android 4.2.2? because in wildfire when i updated then my phone ... moreDepends on where u live. Our country usually is one of the last to get updates. So good thing there is when we get the updates, issues found on the first countries to get the update are resolved. From my experience, never had any issues with updates with desire then sensation xe. Now still waiting 4.2.2 update for butterfly. Nevertheless, they will release updates to fix the bugs for the first ones to get the update. so yes, u should update.; Depends on where u live. Our country usually is one of the last to get updates. So good thing there is when we get the updates, issues found on the first countries to get the update are resolved. From my experience, never had any issues with updates with desire then sensation xe. Now still waiting 4.2.2 update for butterfly. Nevertheless, they will release updates to fix the bugs for the first ones to get the update. so yes, u should update.
Anirudh, 05 Aug 2013Will it get the Android 4.3 update? Am not asking the Google play edition. Answer ASAP please.no..neither HTC one nor galaxy s4 gonna get 4.3 update as its just minor update .; no..neither HTC one nor galaxy s4 gonna get 4.3 update as its just minor update .
should i update my htc one to android 4.2.2? because in wildfire when i updated then my phone starts lagging. so i am bit scared this time for updating my htc. should i update it or not?; should i update my htc one to android 4.2.2? because in wildfire when i updated then my phone starts lagging. so i am bit scared this time for updating my htc. should i update it or not?
i am also getting pinkish hues appear in lowlight camera images.; i am also getting pinkish hues appear in lowlight camera images.
k, 05 Aug 2013yes, go to setting and put it off.Hi, thanks a lot for replying !
 could you please tell me which is this option to turn it off ?; Hi, thanks a lot for replying !; could you please tell me which is this option to turn it off ?
[deleted post]hammad,2500SR at jarir bookstore; hammad,2500SR at jarir bookstore
Till now thz iz the best phone i used< and ofcourse i'am game addict and full technology user so i say its the best*****THANKZ HTC; Till now thz iz the best phone i used< and ofcourse i'am game addict and full technology user so i say its the best*****THANKZ HTC
htc one has repair warranty or replacement warranty in india??
 plz confirm any1????; htc one has repair warranty or replacement warranty in india??; plz confirm any1????
eldo, 05 Aug 2013How can identify the make of one HTC one hand set as nothing has mentioned on the body of the ... moreJust type *#06# on dialer. Then it will appear a IMEI number. If the IMEI matched with the IMEI mentioned on the box, which came with the phone; your phone is a genuine one.
 
 Or else, you can install the "Barcode Scanner" in the play store. Then scan the EAN no which mention on the box. Then click the "Product Search". So you can find the manufactured date, manufacturer, colour and etc about your device on the EAN database.; Just type *#06# on dialer. Then it will appear a IMEI number. If the IMEI matched with the IMEI mentioned on the box, which came with the phone; your phone is a genuine one.; Or else, you can install the "Barcode Scanner" in the play store. Then scan the EAN no which mention on the box. Then click the "Product Search". So you can find the manufactured date, manufacturer, colour and etc about your device on the EAN database.
I by a HTC one.. all is fine but I cnt download anything frm playstore. Is it cnctn Prblm or do I hv to change an settings here; I by a HTC one.. all is fine but I cnt download anything frm playstore. Is it cnctn Prblm or do I hv to change an settings here
powerbank and cloud, 05 Aug 2013I think having a powerbank is much more convenient than spare batteries. With spare you have t... moreYou are absolutely right. Power bank and cloud services are the way to go.Also, there is USB on the go which can substitute expandable SD card. Nowadays, most cellphone manufacturers are using non removable battery and non expandable battery except Samsung whom is using these two items as a glimmick to attract people to buy their products. I think eventually Samsung will follow suit to provide non removable batter and non expandable storage one day.; You are absolutely right. Power bank and cloud services are the way to go.Also, there is USB on the go which can substitute expandable SD card. Nowadays, most cellphone manufacturers are using non removable battery and non expandable battery except Samsung whom is using these two items as a glimmick to attract people to buy their products. I think eventually Samsung will follow suit to provide non removable batter and non expandable storage one day.
jubz, 05 Aug 2013wats mp of the camera..is it really just 4mp the camera is 4 ultra pixel and it is perfect.; the camera is 4 ultra pixel and it is perfect.
I think having a powerbank is much more convenient than spare batteries. With spare you have to turn off the phone, with powerbanks, just plug and play. If expanding the memory is a concern, there are cloud storages in the internet. You dont have to physically buy a storage card, just go online, store or retrieve stuff from cloud. HTC's design is based on the future, not 5 years ago.; I think having a powerbank is much more convenient than spare batteries. With spare you have to turn off the phone, with powerbanks, just plug and play. If expanding the memory is a concern, there are cloud storages in the internet. You dont have to physically buy a storage card, just go online, store or retrieve stuff from cloud. HTC's design is based on the future, not 5 years ago.
red box, 05 Aug 2013hey , i am facing one issue in this cell phone which is when i open any new file/app/window in... moreyes, go to setting and put it off.; yes, go to setting and put it off.
ray, 05 Aug 2013Hi,, In China I am able to get HTC One M7 is this the same as HTC One if you have idea please... morethat's the correct one. Finally, i got my htc one here in south africa. Im waiting for htc butterfly s so that i can sell my old htc butterfly. Htc for life no matter what; that's the correct one. Finally, i got my htc one here in south africa. Im waiting for htc butterfly s so that i can sell my old htc butterfly. Htc for life no matter what
Hi i got this hand set but battery life is not as per what they say its getting low fast...; Hi i got this hand set but battery life is not as per what they say its getting low fast...
red box, 05 Aug 2013hey , i am facing one issue in this cell phone which is when i open any new file/app/window in... moreHow can identify the make of one HTC one hand set as nothing has mentioned on the body of the phone.Any dialing methods is to get the year of manufacture or make of HTC phones; How can identify the make of one HTC one hand set as nothing has mentioned on the body of the phone.Any dialing methods is to get the year of manufacture or make of HTC phones
ramya chennai, 04 Aug 201364 gb intenal memory version available in india or not i need more memory phone. Pls ans frien... more64 only; 64 only
hey , i am facing one issue in this cell phone which is when i open any new file/app/window in browser i see i red box blink around the screen. is it happen in every phone ?
 please tell me; hey , i am facing one issue in this cell phone which is when i open any new file/app/window in browser i see i red box blink around the screen. is it happen in every phone ?; please tell me
how to check is my firmware on my htc one official (stock rom)??; how to check is my firmware on my htc one official (stock rom)??
wats mp of the camera..is it really just 4mp; wats mp of the camera..is it really just 4mp
my htc one automatically picks up calls when i take out of my pocket and its very irritating since i want to first screen callers. how can i turn this off? 
 
 when talking it sometimes just turn on the speaker. htc should fix this; my htc one automatically picks up calls when i take out of my pocket and its very irritating since i want to first screen callers. how can i turn this off?; when talking it sometimes just turn on the speaker. htc should fix this
I have just installed a small update of 1.47MB (bug fix to prepare system update)but, after checking for update , can't find 4.2.2 update.whats your advice guys?; I have just installed a small update of 1.47MB (bug fix to prepare system update)but, after checking for update , can't find 4.2.2 update.whats your advice guys?
Hi,,
 In China I am able to get HTC One M7 is this the same as HTC One if you have idea please advise.
 Thanks; Hi,,; In China I am able to get HTC One M7 is this the same as HTC One if you have idea please advise.; Thanks
This phone is awesome! I tested it with USB flash disk, keyboard and mouse and it worked like a charm. you can actually use this phone without a computer you just need to mirror your screen to an HDTV. :)
 USB via OTG tests in youtube: http://youtu.be/aoi0ngOU4SE; This phone is awesome! I tested it with USB flash disk, keyboard and mouse and it worked like a charm. you can actually use this phone without a computer you just need to mirror your screen to an HDTV. :); USB via OTG tests in youtube:
Will it get the Android 4.3 update? Am not asking the Google play edition. Answer ASAP please.; Will it get the Android 4.3 update? Am not asking the Google play edition. Answer ASAP please.
Shivaraj, 04 Aug 2013Does the Indian variant have LTE?Yes it has....and it's not the Indian variant, it's the international variant (all countries get the same unlocked device unless you are buying it from a carrier).; Yes it has....and it's not the Indian variant, it's the international variant (all countries get the same unlocked device unless you are buying it from a carrier).
exactly 2 months with the HTC One
 
 1. had the "no sim" error 2x already 1week apart, i just restart the phone for a quick fix.
 2. after the 4.2.2 update, pinkish hues appear in lowlight camera images (htc should fix this in an update)
 3. I've dropped the phone 3x since, the ITskins Zero case is doing its job.
 4. 4G sucks up battery fast as expected, moderate to heavy usage lasts me for 16-20hours.
 
 overall experience is still A-ok, except for the minor kinks, this phone will be with me fot the next 2-3yrs:); exactly 2 months with the HTC One; 1. had the "no sim" error 2x already 1week apart, i just restart the phone for a quick fix.; 2. after the 4.2.2 update, pinkish hues appear in lowlight camera images (htc should fix this in an update); 3. I've dropped the phone 3x since, the ITskins Zero case is doing its job.; 4. 4G sucks up battery fast as expected, moderate to heavy usage lasts me for 16-20hours.; overall experience is still A-ok, except for the minor kinks, this phone will be with me fot the next 2-3yrs:)
64 gb intenal memory version available in india or not i need more memory phone. Pls ans friend if u knows; 64 gb intenal memory version available in india or not i need more memory phone. Pls ans friend if u knows
I think having a powerbank is much more convenient than spare batteries. With spare you have to turn off the phone, with powerbanks, just plug and play. If expanding the memory is a concern, there are cloud storages in the internet. You dont have to physically buy a storage card, just go online, store or retrieve stuff from cloud. HTC's design is based on the future, not 5 years ago.; I think having a powerbank is much more convenient than spare batteries. With spare you have to turn off the phone, with powerbanks, just plug and play. If expanding the memory is a concern, there are cloud storages in the internet. You dont have to physically buy a storage card, just go online, store or retrieve stuff from cloud. HTC's design is based on the future, not 5 years ago.
I've been using this phone for almost a month now (moved on from a galaxy s3) and I've really come to like it. The only two drawbacks that I can think of are:
 1)The camera quality isn't that great (In my opinion the s3 camera was far better)
 2)The phone heats up more then often (especially while playing games), and I've noticed sometimes when I put it on charge and leave the phone on my bed, it tends to heat up A LOT
 Other then that I think the phone is great and would recommend anyone to get it!; I've been using this phone for almost a month now (moved on from a galaxy s3) and I've really come to like it. The only two drawbacks that I can think of are:; 1)The camera quality isn't that great (In my opinion the s3 camera was far better); 2)The phone heats up more then often (especially while playing games), and I've noticed sometimes when I put it on charge and leave the phone on my bed, it tends to heat up A LOT; Other then that I think the phone is great and would recommend anyone to get it!
Has anyone had a problem with the GPS not working in the phone address book.; Has anyone had a problem with the GPS not working in the phone address book.
sandyp, 03 Aug 2013I had shrt listd htc one,xperia z,lumia 920 nd xperia zl can any 1 sugst me dat wch one i shud... moreDepends on your way of usage..
 Sony XP Z is a good phn in terms of looks but the battery bckup and Sony customer servc ain't tht good..
 Xperia zl also goes fr same
 However lumia is a v good and flawless phone...doesnt lag but its a windows phone..you will be restricted to apps but you will get an awesome net experience...windows xplorer is much faster than android browser...
 And HTC one is a great piece...its good looking, good features and good performance; Depends on your way of usage..; Sony XP Z is a good phn in terms of looks but the battery bckup and Sony customer servc ain't tht good..; Xperia zl also goes fr same; However lumia is a v good and flawless phone...doesnt lag but its a windows phone..you will be restricted to apps but you will get an awesome net experience...windows xplorer is much faster than android browser...; And HTC one is a great piece...its good looking, good features and good performance
HTC one users, if I do calling for one hour, browsing for one hour, games fr 15 mins and music fr one hour thn how long will my HTC one last aftr giving full charge; HTC one users, if I do calling for one hour, browsing for one hour, games fr 15 mins and music fr one hour thn how long will my HTC one last aftr giving full charge
sandyp, 03 Aug 2013I had shrt listd htc one,xperia z,lumia 920 nd xperia zl can any 1 sugst me dat wch one i shud... moreDude go for htc one its really awesome..; Dude go for htc one its really awesome..
Does it has talking tom apps?; Does it has talking tom apps?
samsung galaxy note 2; samsung galaxy note 2
is htc one better or samsung galaxy s4?; is htc one better or samsung galaxy s4?
Does the Indian variant have LTE?; Does the Indian variant have LTE?
sandyp, 03 Aug 2013I had shrt listd htc one,xperia z,lumia 920 nd xperia zl can any 1 sugst me dat wch one i shud... morego for all pls...; go for all pls...
Crazy amazing phone...I''m imperssed :)); Crazy amazing phone...I''m imperssed :))
When is HTC one t mobile 4.2.2 rolling; When is HTC one t mobile 4.2.2 rolling
I had shrt listd htc one,xperia z,lumia 920 nd xperia zl can any 1 sugst me dat wch one i shud go for?; I had shrt listd htc one,xperia z,lumia 920 nd xperia zl can any 1 sugst me dat wch one i shud go for?
Such a high end and costly phone but with a bad camera. M really disappointed with the camera in low light. In low light ig gives slightly pinkish surroundings. Will never get a Htc again; Such a high end and costly phone but with a bad camera. M really disappointed with the camera in low light. In low light ig gives slightly pinkish surroundings. Will never get a Htc again
Libran-14, 03 Aug 2013when will HTC make a phone with the 5 inch or bigger screen they stuck in the 4 inch area for ... moreThey already made a phone with 5" display, it is the HTC butterfly S.; They already made a phone with 5" display, it is the HTC butterfly S.
Just Fantassssssssssssssticccc Phone; Just Fantassssssssssssssticccc Phone
Libran-14, 03 Aug 2013when will HTC make a phone with the 5 inch or bigger screen they stuck in the 4 inch area for ... moreThey already made a phone with 5 inch screen. It is the " Butterfly S".; They already made a phone with 5 inch screen. It is the " Butterfly S".
hi everybody, i want to ask that can't we update 4.3 version of android in HTC one ?; hi everybody, i want to ask that can't we update 4.3 version of android in HTC one ?
when will HTC make a phone with the 5 inch or bigger screen they stuck in the 4 inch area for a long time
 COME ON HTC; when will HTC make a phone with the 5 inch or bigger screen they stuck in the 4 inch area for a long time; COME ON HTC
Love my HTC One.. 2 to 3 hours internet, 8 hours of music everyday could last me for 2 days; Love my HTC One.. 2 to 3 hours internet, 8 hours of music everyday could last me for 2 days
htc one is amzinnngggggggggggggg device gud battery life superb sound with lots of fun in one word this is no.1; htc one is amzinnngggggggggggggg device gud battery life superb sound with lots of fun in one word this is no.1
htc one is amzinnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnggggggggggggg device awsome battery wid lots of fun and the sound quality is superb in one word really no.1; htc one is amzinnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnggggggggggggg device awsome battery wid lots of fun and the sound quality is superb in one word really no.1
WomanizingNerd, 02 Aug 2013The Samsung Galaxy S4 doubles up as a toaster. Can the HTC One toast bread? No. It's better if the phone toasts your hand instead of toasting its battery.; It's better if the phone toasts your hand instead of toasting its battery.
OneOne, 02 Aug 2013LOL. Sorry. The One camera is awesome unless you don't know how to use it. It is way better th... moreThere's no comparison between the S4's camera and the One's camera, especially if it's not pitch dark. The S4 steamrolls and demolishes this 4MP camera.; There's no comparison between the S4's camera and the One's camera, especially if it's not pitch dark. The S4 steamrolls and demolishes this 4MP camera.
How's the keyboard of HTC one compared with iPhone??; How's the keyboard of HTC one compared with iPhone??
sexyy phone i m loving it; sexyy phone i m loving it
Awesome phone. I am using the phone for last 24 hours and everything in this phone is just awesome. Battery life is going good. Call quality is pretty good. Speaker sound is so clear and loud that anyone can hear from a far distance. Build quality is very strong. Screen is very vibrant and gives true color. I would say, by far the best phone.; Awesome phone. I am using the phone for last 24 hours and everything in this phone is just awesome. Battery life is going good. Call quality is pretty good. Speaker sound is so clear and loud that anyone can hear from a far distance. Build quality is very strong. Screen is very vibrant and gives true color. I would say, by far the best phone.
misbah47, 02 Aug 2013Actually I haven't got one..i am planning to buy it. Am just confused...u R using it...whts u... moreHow can I prove you that I'm using a HTC One? There's is now way on this page to prove that I own a HTC One. I gave these advices as a HTC One user.
 
 However, I'm not the person who make the purchasing decision here, but you are. Therefore you must know whether the HTC One match according to your preferences. I purchased the HTC One because its perfectly matched according to my preferences. I'm not going force you to buy a HTC One. You can do some background research about the HTC One on internet. But don't accept those reviews as it is. If you have any doubt regarding the HTC One, then go for another brand.; How can I prove you that I'm using a HTC One? There's is now way on this page to prove that I own a HTC One. I gave these advices as a HTC One user.; However, I'm not the person who make the purchasing decision here, but you are. Therefore you must know whether the HTC One match according to your preferences. I purchased the HTC One because its perfectly matched according to my preferences. I'm not going force you to buy a HTC One. You can do some background research about the HTC One on internet. But don't accept those reviews as it is. If you have any doubt regarding the HTC One, then go for another brand.
Techno J., 02 Aug 2013Since I never heard a static noise during calls. Although the HTC One comes with HDR microphon... moreActually I haven't got one..i am planning to buy it.
 Am just confused...u R using it...whts ur advice? Shall I go for it?; Actually I haven't got one..i am planning to buy it.; Am just confused...u R using it...whts ur advice? Shall I go for it?
flyhigh, 01 Aug 2013Is there another model u consider to buy?s4?xperia z? I hold the 3 model in hand include htc ... moreLOL. Sorry. The One camera is awesome unless you don't know how to use it. It is way better than S4. :)
 
 I don't like the camera on S4 because it looks like zoomed right when we open the camera. Doesn't look wide. :); LOL. Sorry. The One camera is awesome unless you don't know how to use it. It is way better than S4. :); I don't like the camera on S4 because it looks like zoomed right when we open the camera. Doesn't look wide. :)
misbah47, 02 Aug 2013There have been some reports saying that it gives a static noise while calling which doesn't g... moreSince I never heard a static noise during calls. Although the HTC One comes with HDR microphone & Extremely clarity caller output. May be you were misled to a wrong gossip.
 
 The sound comes from the camera, may be you were intended that focusing & shutter sound. You can mute them by following these steps.
 
 1 Open the camera.
 2 Then go to camera "Settings".
 3 Choose "Camera interface"
 4 Untick the "Shutter sound"
 
 Hope this may helped you. If you have any questions please let me know.; Since I never heard a static noise during calls. Although the HTC One comes with HDR microphone & Extremely clarity caller output. May be you were misled to a wrong gossip.; The sound comes from the camera, may be you were intended that focusing & shutter sound. You can mute them by following these steps.; 1 Open the camera.; 2 Then go to camera "Settings".; 3 Choose "Camera interface"; 4 Untick the "Shutter sound"; Hope this may helped you. If you have any questions please let me know.
Is there any extended warranty provided by HTC? This HTC one needs one..; Is there any extended warranty provided by HTC? This HTC one needs one..
Techno J., 02 Aug 2013It depends on your usage. According to me, I'm a moderate user, who don't play games much and ... moreThere have been some reports saying that it gives a static noise while calling which doesn't go and sometimes it gives sounds while operating the camera...i guess these aren't happening with U..are they?; There have been some reports saying that it gives a static noise while calling which doesn't go and sometimes it gives sounds while operating the camera...i guess these aren't happening with U..are they?
HTC phones are fantastic creations. Based upon my personal experience, the best thing about this phone is that it never under performs unlike Samsung. yes battery drains out quickly if you keep LTE/3G on all the times. Dont create a lot of widgets to save battery. Auto Sync can be turned off too if youre not into real time notifications. Good Luck!; HTC phones are fantastic creations. Based upon my personal experience, the best thing about this phone is that it never under performs unlike Samsung. yes battery drains out quickly if you keep LTE/3G on all the times. Dont create a lot of widgets to save battery. Auto Sync can be turned off too if youre not into real time notifications. Good Luck!
The Samsung Galaxy S4 doubles up as a toaster. Can the HTC One toast bread? No.; The Samsung Galaxy S4 doubles up as a toaster. Can the HTC One toast bread? No.
ngsoni, 02 Aug 2013Ya, it might be but here , my cell phone battery last 8-10 hours thats it where i do not make ... moreWeird !! mine stands almost the full day and my mobile used to be connected to WIFI 24/7.. I found no issues when the 'Power Saver' mode is 'on'; Weird !! mine stands almost the full day and my mobile used to be connected to WIFI 24/7.. I found no issues when the 'Power Saver' mode is 'on'
misbah47, 02 Aug 2013Thank U..but I called up the only service centre here and I asked them about the battery issue... moreIt depends on your usage. According to me, I'm a moderate user, who don't play games much and web browsing maximum 1hr per day. I can manage the battery life up to 2 days.; It depends on your usage. According to me, I'm a moderate user, who don't play games much and web browsing maximum 1hr per day. I can manage the battery life up to 2 days.
One User, 31 Jul 2013Only Calls and texts and a bit browsing.. It will last 3+ days.. 2 hours of calls, Whatsapp,... moreYa, it might be but here , my cell phone battery last 8-10 hours thats it where i do not make calls from my mobile as i use my office phone then also this ssituation; Ya, it might be but here , my cell phone battery last 8-10 hours thats it where i do not make calls from my mobile as i use my office phone then also this ssituation
I hope HTC has designed this ONE in such a way that its battery doesn't die in few years.
 Batteries are supposed to wear off. But buying a phone for 41k and thinking that this may not work that good is really heartbreaking; I hope HTC has designed this ONE in such a way that its battery doesn't die in few years.; Batteries are supposed to wear off. But buying a phone for 41k and thinking that this may not work that good is really heartbreaking
Techno J., 02 Aug 2013If your battery damaged during the warranty period the HTC will replace the battery, but after... moreThank U..but I called up the only service centre here and I asked them about the battery issue. They said me that it can be replaced with a price of 2-3k..
 How long your HTC battery works after charging it full?; Thank U..but I called up the only service centre here and I asked them about the battery issue. They said me that it can be replaced with a price of 2-3k..; How long your HTC battery works after charging it full?
misbah47, 01 Aug 2013I want to know what happens if the battery is damaged and my warranty period is over? Will HTC... moreIf your battery damaged during the warranty period the HTC will replace the battery, but after the warranty period the HTC won't do that.
 
 The heating is not a big problem. This will not heating like S4. Although it heats, easily heat is getting way. I'm using this since 2 months; non of a problem occurred yet.; If your battery damaged during the warranty period the HTC will replace the battery, but after the warranty period the HTC won't do that.; The heating is not a big problem. This will not heating like S4. Although it heats, easily heat is getting way. I'm using this since 2 months; non of a problem occurred yet.
misbah47, 01 Aug 2013I want to know what happens if the battery is damaged and my warranty period is over? Will HTC... moreBatteries aren't made to stay in hot environments. As the One's battery is in the middle of the device almost, it will get noticeably damaged in probably less than 2.5 years, which is bad if you want to use your phone for 4 years.; Batteries aren't made to stay in hot environments. As the One's battery is in the middle of the device almost, it will get noticeably damaged in probably less than 2.5 years, which is bad if you want to use your phone for 4 years.
I want to know what happens if the battery is damaged and my warranty period is over? Will HTC be able to replace its battery?
 And anothe thing, will the heating issue cause any damage to the battery as its a unibody ???
 Please help, I am planning to buy this awesm set but these things are constantly bugging me; I want to know what happens if the battery is damaged and my warranty period is over? Will HTC be able to replace its battery?; And anothe thing, will the heating issue cause any damage to the battery as its a unibody ???; Please help, I am planning to buy this awesm set but these things are constantly bugging me
For those who are asking for dual sim variant, please visit this link http://www.htc.com/in/smartphones/ 
 I visited indian website and it lists htc one with single and dual sim versions with removable back cover on dual sim variant.; For those who are asking for dual sim variant, please visit this link; I visited indian website and it lists htc one with single and dual sim versions with removable back cover on dual sim variant.
Max, 01 Aug 2013I been using Motorola Maxx for One year now dropped it several time Battery still looks good a... moreIs there another model u consider to buy?s4?xperia z?
 I hold the 3 model in hand include htc one..
 Htc one is the best right now..i own it.
 If u ok with no microsd..low 4mp(ultrapix),no waterproof, then get it..
 The photo quality is average only.but in low light it shines.; Is there another model u consider to buy?s4?xperia z?; I hold the 3 model in hand include htc one..; Htc one is the best right now..i own it.; If u ok with no microsd..low 4mp(ultrapix),no waterproof, then get it..; The photo quality is average only.but in low light it shines.
Battery Takes 2 Hour And 30 Minutes To Get Full Charge (>_; Battery Takes 2 Hour And 30 Minutes To Get Full Charge (>_
Techno J., 31 Jul 2013These people are arguing pointlessly. Just forget it friend.Wow, man. Finally you have appeared, I'm waiting you so long to settle down this Troll.; Wow, man. Finally you have appeared, I'm waiting you so long to settle down this Troll.
I been using Motorola Maxx for One year now dropped it several time Battery still looks good after talk time and browsing net no heating issue at all. Application some time process slow camera 8 MP not that good just ok no radio other than that no complaints at all. 
 I am planning to go for HTC.
 My question is it good to go for HTC One ???; I been using Motorola Maxx for One year now dropped it several time Battery still looks good after talk time and browsing net no heating issue at all. Application some time process slow camera 8 MP not that good just ok no radio other than that no complaints at all.; I am planning to go for HTC.; My question is it good to go for HTC One ???
any one know about android 4.3 update?; any one know about android 4.3 update?
Sam, 30 Jul 2013its ultra pixel which it makes 14 MPIt's mega-pixel, which means that this camera takes bad photos. Compare chart photos with S4.; It's mega-pixel, which means that this camera takes bad photos. Compare chart photos with S4.
i ve black one its really gorgeous.....no ques abt build quality........unless u use it in ur hands dont come to any conclusion.......it is really a premium phone .....htc rocks dis time..it beats iphone in build quality n pls dont compare it with s4 ..its waste of time.....totally htc one n iphone rocks......; i ve black one its really gorgeous.....no ques abt build quality........unless u use it in ur hands dont come to any conclusion.......it is really a premium phone .....htc rocks dis time..it beats iphone in build quality n pls dont compare it with s4 ..its waste of time.....totally htc one n iphone rocks......
Ever best cell phone; Ever best cell phone
Night of Xperia Z, 31 Jul 2013Wow,wow,wow. Party Rock Man. Why so many Negative Comment and Review of this Phone?? BTW, I'm ... moreThese people are arguing pointlessly. Just forget it friend.; These people are arguing pointlessly. Just forget it friend.
Smartechy, 31 Jul 2013When will HTC understand the simple concept of economy? People like HTC brand and their phone... moreHTC offers best bundle of benefits for our money. It's true they are quite expensive yet they are premium phones, unlike cheap looking Samsung phones. Just think how over price is Apple phones, but nothing new. The Price of the HTC One has been dropped after three months of the introduced.; HTC offers best bundle of benefits for our money. It's true they are quite expensive yet they are premium phones, unlike cheap looking Samsung phones. Just think how over price is Apple phones, but nothing new. The Price of the HTC One has been dropped after three months of the introduced.
Wow,wow,wow. Party Rock Man. Why so many Negative Comment and Review of this Phone?? BTW, I'm Xperia Z User.; Wow,wow,wow. Party Rock Man. Why so many Negative Comment and Review of this Phone?? BTW, I'm Xperia Z User.
ngsoni, 31 Jul 2013Hi can anybody tell me how long your HTC one battery stay awake,I mean in regular normal use (... moreOnly Calls and texts and a bit browsing.. It will last 3+ days.. 
 2 hours of calls, Whatsapp, viber , internet all day .. It will last exactly 20-28 hours on heavy usage.. Better than my s3... Its really strong in terms of battery life; Only Calls and texts and a bit browsing.. It will last 3+ days..; 2 hours of calls, Whatsapp, viber , internet all day .. It will last exactly 20-28 hours on heavy usage.. Better than my s3... Its really strong in terms of battery life
beatus, 31 Jul 2013i bought htc one,and i want to comferm if i have real product,wat can i do? Contact htc by email or chat in their website. Have your imei number checked. You can find imei on sticker at your box orat phone itself. Setting-about-phone identity.; Contact htc by email or chat in their website. Have your imei number checked. You can find imei on sticker at your box orat phone itself. Setting-about-phone identity.
Nadun Don, 31 Jul 2013its not about the Price, people by other smartphones because of the Availability/After Sales S... moreIts because htc feel they wouldnt earn much even if they advertise. They will be spending a lot of money to do this and they are currently not in the poistion to do this samsung can do all their advertising because they have the money to spend. Back in the days where nokia is till number 1, samsung does not advertise.
 
 Its impossible that htc is totally neglecting the fact that they do need to advertise. They most probably have weighed in the possibility but they'd rather put their money on products than marketing. And as i can see here in our country, marketing wouldnt bring them big sales. But at least advertise the one, their flagship, in tv.; Its because htc feel they wouldnt earn much even if they advertise. They will be spending a lot of money to do this and they are currently not in the poistion to do this samsung can do all their advertising because they have the money to spend. Back in the days where nokia is till number 1, samsung does not advertise.; Its impossible that htc is totally neglecting the fact that they do need to advertise. They most probably have weighed in the possibility but they'd rather put their money on products than marketing. And as i can see here in our country, marketing wouldnt bring them big sales. But at least advertise the one, their flagship, in tv.
Smartechy, 31 Jul 2013When will HTC understand the simple concept of economy? People like HTC brand and their phone... moreits not about the Price, people by other smartphones because of the Availability/After Sales Service/Spare Parts.. which lacks in HTC
 
 Samsung phone are world wide spreading even in Electronic Shops or Kitchen Appliances stores. So obvious no one can't compete them since they're the 1st to confront the Consumers each & every corner.
 
 for HTC my advice is that they're not doing the Promotions & Publicity is so much poor. only the Buyers & HTC fans are doing the best advertising part for them; its not about the Price, people by other smartphones because of the Availability/After Sales Service/Spare Parts.. which lacks in HTC; Samsung phone are world wide spreading even in Electronic Shops or Kitchen Appliances stores. So obvious no one can't compete them since they're the 1st to confront the Consumers each & every corner.; for HTC my advice is that they're not doing the Promotions & Publicity is so much poor. only the Buyers & HTC fans are doing the best advertising part for them
beatus, 31 Jul 2013i bought htc one,and i want to comferm if i have real product,wat can i do? Throw it from your roof. If it breaks you bought right product, if it doesn't... Man! You are in great loss, or you may try again!; Throw it from your roof. If it breaks you bought right product, if it doesn't... Man! You are in great loss, or you may try again!
bought HTC One Glamour Red last week & only issue is that is that metal body is heating up comparing to other form factors but Supreme Design & Quality even the Hardware Spec.
 Ultrapixel Camera & its capabilities are being effectively used by HTC Zoe app. no matter how awesomely faster shutter speed or Pixel or Aperture u can get from a SmartPhone but no App on android nor iOS can do the things what HTC Zoe can do !!!! 
 
 one of the examples:
 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fT0lyLOrln4; bought HTC One Glamour Red last week & only issue is that is that metal body is heating up comparing to other form factors but Supreme Design & Quality even the Hardware Spec.; Ultrapixel Camera & its capabilities are being effectively used by HTC Zoe app. no matter how awesomely faster shutter speed or Pixel or Aperture u can get from a SmartPhone but no App on android nor iOS can do the things what HTC Zoe can do !!!!; one of the examples:
hi htc you are best just see the men like and go white them i love you; hi htc you are best just see the men like and go white them i love you
When will HTC understand the simple concept of economy?
 People like HTC brand and their phones but they are always overpriced, by the time price goes down, outdated. So people have to go for stupid Samsung.
 
 Keep the price down and HTC phone will sale more than samsung.; When will HTC understand the simple concept of economy?; People like HTC brand and their phones but they are always overpriced, by the time price goes down, outdated. So people have to go for stupid Samsung.; Keep the price down and HTC phone will sale more than samsung.
i bought htc one,and i want to comferm if i have real product,wat can i do?; i bought htc one,and i want to comferm if i have real product,wat can i do?
Hello,I'm the biggest fan of HTC.I like your brand so much.Your designing of a mobile phone is like heaven.I liked your Explorer so much because of its design,touch and sense,it is better than its aging smartphones like galaxy ace,xperia tipo,galaxy Y,etc.And now I've been came to new zealand from INDIA.And the explorer is now unavailable in the NZ markets.I've feel very sad about it.And I wanted you to please can you release a next smartphone like the Explorer in which it's specifications should be same as the Explorer like Screen,Touch,PPI density,Beats audio,Sense 3.5,Battery,Storage,Ram,Processor clocked at about 600Ghz to 800Ghz,User Interface,Gingerbread 2.3 OS(Android),and the camera should be same,and most important is that the design should be same as the King Explorer.My friends has Explorer's and i tried it and it was amazing then i went to few markets and it was unavailable.So,please release a phone like the explorer.love u HTC.Thank you; Hello,I'm the biggest fan of HTC.I like your brand so much.Your designing of a mobile phone is like heaven.I liked your Explorer so much because of its design,touch and sense,it is better than its aging smartphones like galaxy ace,xperia tipo,galaxy Y,etc.And now I've been came to new zealand from INDIA.And the explorer is now unavailable in the NZ markets.I've feel very sad about it.And I wanted you to please can you release a next smartphone like the Explorer in which it's specifications should be same as the Explorer like Screen,Touch,PPI density,Beats audio,Sense 3.5,Battery,Storage,Ram,Processor clocked at about 600Ghz to 800Ghz,User Interface,Gingerbread 2.3 OS(Android),and the camera should be same,and most important is that the design should be same as the King Explorer.My friends has Explorer's and i tried it and it was amazing then i went to few markets and it was unavailable.So,please release a phone like the explorer.love u HTC.Thank you
Good phone, but I hate, the headphone function or lack of function. No music keys, volume rocker and you press the red button hoping to hear music but NO... You just redialled the last number you called... Crazy; Good phone, but I hate, the headphone function or lack of function. No music keys, volume rocker and you press the red button hoping to hear music but NO... You just redialled the last number you called... Crazy
Hi can anybody tell me how long your HTC one battery stay awake,I mean in regular normal use (yes,I don't play game on my mobile). Power saver mode is on
 
 Can any one please tell me?; Hi can anybody tell me how long your HTC one battery stay awake,I mean in regular normal use (yes,I don't play game on my mobile). Power saver mode is on; Can any one please tell me?
hi, I posted on comment but did not get any reply back can any one please tell me what is the battery back up of your HTC one ? i have already done power saver on but it should atleast go for one day. NOTE 2 and S3 i had used the back up is more than sufficient then why i am facing the issue . and i had all time turn on data service then also my note 2 used to awake more than one day , but this htc one i put for 3 hours on charging and it shows only 95% charged then it goes for 10hours hardly :( .
 AND ITS BEEN ONLY 16 DAYS THAT I AM USING IT
 PLEASE REPLY; hi, I posted on comment but did not get any reply back can any one please tell me what is the battery back up of your HTC one ? i have already done power saver on but it should atleast go for one day. NOTE 2 and S3 i had used the back up is more than sufficient then why i am facing the issue . and i had all time turn on data service then also my note 2 used to awake more than one day , but this htc one i put for 3 hours on charging and it shows only 95% charged then it goes for 10hours hardly :( .; AND ITS BEEN ONLY 16 DAYS THAT I AM USING IT; PLEASE REPLY
Jason, 30 Jul 2013What would you like to see in the upcoming HTC M8? I want these: 5 inch full HD Super LCD 4... morewant to see M-8; want to see M-8
Just bought the HTC One. Fantastic. Just feelds like a quality piece of kit, fantastic build quality, gorgeous screen, fast and smooth operating system. Love it. Don't know about the camera ... and don't really care, have a Nikon D600 to take photos with so will only use the One to take opportunistic snaps, probably when out at night .... so low light ability will suit me.
 I recommend this phone to anyone, just feels so much better than my mates S4, best Android phone out there at the moment.; Just bought the HTC One. Fantastic. Just feelds like a quality piece of kit, fantastic build quality, gorgeous screen, fast and smooth operating system. Love it. Don't know about the camera ... and don't really care, have a Nikon D600 to take photos with so will only use the One to take opportunistic snaps, probably when out at night .... so low light ability will suit me.; I recommend this phone to anyone, just feels so much better than my mates S4, best Android phone out there at the moment.
I used Htc One X and GSIII at the same time as I use two cell phones. Got bored on my s3 but I loved it due to its battery life and simplicity. Yeah. Htc is fun but One X's battery life was crap. Few days ago I went to buy GS4 and I came home with HTC one. I could resist the beauty of this device. It simply knocked out the S4. And yeah HTC has improved the battery life pretty well. Its really good and it will survive a day of heavy usage. Btw, s4 has better battery life than htc one. But those who are pretty tensed about the battery life I have some questions to them.
 1. Don't you have electricity?
 2. If you play games all the day then shouldn't you buy a PSP? 
 Btw camera is good. Most of the people who complain about megapixels. What will you do with a large picture. I dont think you guys use these pictures anywhere excpet facebook or social sites ! I guess when you are jealous you will always try to find a negative point ! Anyways. I love my htc one and I also use a samsung s3. Honestly , the one is really the number one right now ! Oh.. I hate apple anyway :-); I used Htc One X and GSIII at the same time as I use two cell phones. Got bored on my s3 but I loved it due to its battery life and simplicity. Yeah. Htc is fun but One X's battery life was crap. Few days ago I went to buy GS4 and I came homewith HTC one. I could resist the beauty of this device. It simply knocked out the S4. And yeah HTC has improved the battery life pretty well. Its really good and it will survive a day of heavy usage. Btw, s4 has better battery life than htc one. But those who are pretty tensed about the battery life I have some questions to them.; 1. Don't you have electricity?; 2. If you play games all the day then shouldn't you buy a PSP?; Btw camera is good. Most of the people who complain about megapixels. What will you do with a large picture. I dont think you guys use these pictures anywhere excpet facebook or social sites ! I guess when you are jealous you will always try to find a negative point ! Anyways. I love my htc one and I also use a samsung s3. Honestly , the one is really the number one right now ! Oh.. I hate apple anyway :-)
Hi sudhan,
 
 HTC one is better thn S4...
 Sure u wont regret after buying this device..
 I had S4 due to many problems i sold that and i bought HTC one..
 HTC one is full filled all my requirements..
 Not only me everyone is happy with this device..
 U can go for this device without any doubt....
 
 Compare to S4 heating issue is too less in ONE..
 S4 oh my god its heats up soon..
 U need to turn off S4 to resolve heating issue but again it ll heated up :'( 
 
 Go for HTC ONE.. U ll enjoy :)
 
 Thanks; Hi sudhan,; HTC one is better thn S4...; Sure u wont regret after buying this device..; I had S4 due to many problems i sold that and i bought HTC one..; HTC one is full filled all my requirements..; Not only me everyone is happy with this device..; U can go for this device without any doubt....; Compare to S4 heating issue is too less in ONE..; S4 oh my god its heats up soon..; U need to turn off S4 to resolve heating issue but again it ll heated up :'(; Go for HTC ONE.. U ll enjoy :); Thanks
Jason, 30 Jul 2013What would you like to see in the upcoming HTC M8? I want these: 5 inch full HD Super LCD 4... moreWhaooo.... that would be a reallly big sensor then. If that really happens it will give DSLR cameras a big run for their money. :P; Whaooo.... that would be a reallly big sensor then. If that really happens it will give DSLR cameras a big run for their money. :P
maddog, 29 Jul 2013is the handsfree beats?No its not beats but it looks like it...and the sound of the handfree is really really amazing the clear sound and bass just freak me out :); No its not beats but it looks like it...and the sound of the handfree is really really amazing the clear sound and bass just freak me out :)
Ok, so I'm using my htc one for over a week now. I really wanted to get this phone from day one, and I'm not dissappointed. It delivered my expectations and I think there is no direct competitor to this atm, regarding overall quality.
 The only things that could be added is the micro sd slot and a bit bigger battery, but it's not that big of a concern for me, since I'm used to charge my phones every night anyways. Other than that, this phone is flawless. The screen is the best I've seen on a phone, incredibly sharp and bright. Sound is the best as well, loudspeakers and headset sound very crisp and crystal clear. Also there are visualisations, lyrics and stuff included. I don't use camera that much, but I noticed it has a very quick and accurate focus, good color reproduction most of the time, and a ton of features. I really like the face adjustment kit, you can make changes to the skin, eyes, etc with one click and it works really well. Gaming experience is awesome, but I noticed it heats up quite a bit when playing HD games, so it drains battery quite fast. Reception, call quality, messaging - no complaints. Build quality is miles ahead from other smartphones, except the iPhone - they both feel as classy in hand. Not planning to use any case on this beauty, don't have any scratches yet. Got the 4.2.2
 update yesterday, seems to be working well. I'm not sure if I covered everything here, but you got my point. If you are planning to buy this one, don't hesitate.; Ok, so I'm using my htc one for over a week now. I really wanted to get this phone from day one, and I'm not dissappointed. It delivered my expectations and I think there is no direct competitor to this atm, regarding overall quality.; The only things that could be added is the micro sd slot and a bit bigger battery, but it's not that big of a concern for me, since I'm used to charge my phones every night anyways. Other than that, this phone is flawless. The screen is the best I've seen on a phone, incredibly sharp and bright. Sound is the best as well, loudspeakers and headset sound very crisp and crystal clear. Also there are visualisations, lyrics and stuff included. I don't use camera that much, but I noticed it has a very quick and accurate focus, good color reproduction most of the time, and a ton of features. I really like the face adjustment kit, you can make changes to the skin, eyes, etc with one click and it works really well. Gaming experience is awesome, but I noticed it heats up quite a bit when playing HD games, so it drains battery quite fast. Reception, call quality, messaging - no complaints. Build quality is miles ahead from other smartphones, except the iPhone - they both feel as classy in hand. Not planning to use any case on this beauty, don't have any scratches yet. Got the 4.2.2; update yesterday, seems to be working well. I'm not sure if I covered everything here, but you got my point. If you are planning to buy this one, don't hesitate.
What would you like to see in the upcoming HTC M8? I want these:
 
 5 inch full HD Super LCD 4 screen
 12 MP Ultrapixel Camera
 3200 MAH battery with endurance of 70 hours
 Corning gorilla glass 4
 Snapdragon 1000 Krait 500 with Adreno 350
 Better design with liquid metal body; What would you like to see in the upcoming HTC M8? I want these:; 5 inch full HD Super LCD 4 screen; 12 MP Ultrapixel Camera; 3200 MAH battery with endurance of 70 hours; Corning gorilla glass 4; Snapdragon 1000 Krait 500 with Adreno 350; Better design with liquid metal body
sudhan, 30 Jul 2013hi krish im in a dilemma weathr to go for htc one or s4. since u r using this could you tell... moreOf course it gets hot. Is there a phone that doesnt heat up when playing? Just a heads up, s4 heats up faster than the one even though its made of plastic. Especially the last update, it makes phone heat up so much that my gf has to turn it off for a while.; Of course it gets hot. Is there a phone that doesnt heat up when playing? Just a heads up, s4 heats up faster than the one even though its made of plastic. Especially the last update, it makes phone heat up so much that my gf has to turn it off for a while.
Ok, so I'm using my htc one for over a week now. I really wanted to get this phone from day one, and I'm not dissappointed. It delivered my expectations and I think there is no direct competitor to this atm, regarding overall quality.
 The only things that could be added is the micro sd slot and a bit bigger battery, but it's not that big of a concern for me, since I'm used to charge my phones every night anyways. Other than that, this phone is flawless. The screen is the best I've seen on a phone, incredibly sharp and bright. Sound is the best as well, loudspeakers and headset sound very crisp and crystal clear. Also there are visualisations, lyrics and stuff included. I don't use camera that much, but I noticed it has a very quick and accurate focus, good color reproduction most of the time, and a ton of features. I really like the face adjustment kit, you can make changes to the skin, eyes, etc with one click and it works really well. Gaming experience is awesome, but I noticed it heats up quite a bit when playing HD games, so it drains battery quite fast. Reception, call quality, messaging - no complaints. Build quality is miles ahead from other smartphones, except the iPhone - they both feel as classy in hand. Not planning to use any case on this beauty, don't have any scratches yet. Got the 4.2.2
 update yesterday, seems to be working well. I'm not sure if I covered everything here, but you got my point. If you are planning to buy this one, don't hesitate.; Ok, so I'm using my htc one for over a week now. I really wanted to get this phone from day one, and I'm not dissappointed. It delivered my expectations and I think there is no direct competitor to this atm, regarding overall quality.; The only things that could be added is the micro sd slot and a bit bigger battery, but it's not that big of a concern for me, since I'm used to charge my phones every night anyways. Other than that, this phone is flawless. The screen is the best I've seen on a phone, incredibly sharp and bright. Sound is the best as well, loudspeakers and headset sound very crisp and crystal clear. Also there are visualisations, lyrics and stuff included. I don't use camera that much, but I noticed it has a very quick and accurate focus, good color reproduction most of the time, and a ton of features. I really like the face adjustment kit, you can make changes to the skin, eyes, etc with one click and it works really well. Gaming experience is awesome, but I noticed it heats up quite a bit when playing HD games, so it drains battery quite fast. Reception, call quality, messaging - no complaints. Build quality is miles ahead from other smartphones, except the iPhone - they both feel as classy in hand. Not planning to use any case on this beauty, don't have any scratches yet. Got the 4.2.2; update yesterday, seems to be working well. I'm not sure if I covered everything here, but you got my point. If you are planning to buy this one, don't hesitate.
Anonymous, 30 Jul 2013its actully 4mp next generation camera which is better than even 13 mp ...about htc's 4 mega ultrapixels,
 the pixels has 2 times the area of a normal pixels
 so there would be better brightness in pictures especially in night pictures it's like magic,& less noise for sure,
 but it still is 4 mega=4 million pixels so the pics look blurry in comparison to a 13megapixel cam & not so sharp,
 it's no better than a 13megapixel cam but it's a good cam especially in night & low light.; about htc's 4 mega ultrapixels,; the pixels has 2 times the area of a normal pixels; so there would be better brightness in pictures especially in night pictures it's like magic,& less noise for sure,; but it still is 4 mega=4 million pixels so the pics look blurry in comparison to a 13megapixel cam & not so sharp,; it's no better than a 13megapixel cam but it's a good cam especially in night & low light.
This phone is just amazing
 Very fast and stable no lag like the S4
 The build quality is awesome
 the sound is great
 and the CAMERA is to roll other cameras
 Real colors low noise ultra pixels is wonderful; This phone is just amazing; Very fast and stable no lag like the S4; The build quality is awesome; the sound is great; and the CAMERA is to roll other cameras; Real colors low noise ultra pixels is wonderful
don, 29 Jul 2013i agree such an awsome phone only has 4 mega pixal what a crap its Giga Pixcel; its Giga Pixcel
yo mate, if you never print out the picture, 4 megapixel is already enough. In the meantime, its Ultra pixel, not megapixel. Very big different.; yo mate, if you never print out the picture, 4 megapixel is already enough. In the meantime, its Ultra pixel, not megapixel. Very big different.
its actully 4mp next generation camera which is better than even 13 mp ...; its actully 4mp next generation camera which is better than even 13 mp ...
Anonymous, 29 Jul 2013Ever heard of Galaxy S4, or S2, S3, iPhone 4S/5, Nokia 920, 1020, 808? They, among many other ... moreIts nt a simple 4 mp camera.. its an ultra micropixel camera.. its d only phone in d market with such camera.. first read ful specifications and then comment; Its nt a simple 4 mp camera.. its an ultra micropixel camera.. its d only phone in d market with such camera.. first read ful specifications and then comment
Guys, what happened to Nokia's so called 42 megapixel phone? Was the camera really that awesome? Its not bout the count on Megapixel.. This is a 4 Ultra Pixel camera and it performs better than any phone on low light conditions. And at par with S4's 13 megapixel under good light as well. Get your facts right at first!; Guys, what happened to Nokia's so called 42 megapixel phone? Was the camera really that awesome? Its not bout the count on Megapixel.. This is a 4 Ultra Pixel camera and it performs better than any phone on low light conditions. And at par with S4's 13 megapixel under good light as well. Get your facts right at first!
It is actually 4 ultra pixels not mega pixels. 1 ultra pixel is 3 mega pixels; It is actually 4 ultra pixels not mega pixels. 1 ultra pixel is 3 mega pixels
don, 29 Jul 2013i agree such an awsome phone only has 4 mega pixal what a crap its ultra pixel which it makes 14 MP; its ultra pixel which it makes 14 MP
KrIsH KuShI, 26 Jul 2013Only one word will describe abt this device. The word is " Awesome " - Superb cam ... morehi krish
 im in a dilemma weathr to go for htc one or s4.
 since u r using this could you tell me the weatr it gets heated up while playing games????; hi krish; im in a dilemma weathr to go for htc one or s4.; since u r using this could you tell me the weatr it gets heated up while playing games????
heeelo mr. don,,, 
 
 htc 4 mp = 6 mp nokia and = 8 mp samsung
 
 all over a goood phone,,, :):):):):):); heeelo mr. don,,,; htc 4 mp = 6 mp nokia and = 8 mp samsung; all over a goood phone,,, :):):):):):)
The camera is excellent. I got a HTC ONE recently. Yes it is only 4mp but if you do research you will see they call it a "Ultra Pixel". Basically its less mega pixels but the camera lens is a lot bigger which gives you a better image quality. You cant zoom in much but normal shots look really good especially at night.; The camera is excellent. I got a HTC ONE recently. Yes it is only 4mp but if you do research you will see they call it a "Ultra Pixel". Basically its less mega pixels but the camera lens is a lot bigger which gives you a better image quality. You cant zoom in much but normal shots look really good especially at night.
is the handsfree beats?; is the handsfree beats?
rudraksh, 29 Jul 2013the htc one camera lens is 4 ultrapixel not mega pixel which is near to 13 megapixel and its a... moreEver heard of Galaxy S4, or S2, S3, iPhone 4S/5, Nokia 920, 1020, 808? They, among many other phones, have better cameras.; Ever heard of Galaxy S4, or S2, S3, iPhone 4S/5, Nokia 920, 1020, 808? They, among many other phones, have better cameras.
i agree such an awsome phone only has 4 mega pixal what a crap; i agree such an awsome phone only has 4 mega pixal what a crap
jack, 29 Jul 2013its not 4mp its 4up camera It is 4megapixel. Ultrapixel is just a branded name doesn't mean the pixel is ultra.; It is 4megapixel. Ultrapixel is just a branded name doesn't mean the pixel is ultra.
Anonymous, 29 Jul 2013Your HTC one battery life should last longer than 12 hours if you ticked all the options under... morehi, yes i have already done power saver on but it should atleast go for one day. NOTE 2 and S3 i had used the back up is more than sufficient then why i am facing the issue . and i had all time turn on data service then also my note 2 used to awake more than one day , but this htc one i put for 3 hours on charging and it shows only 95% charged then it goes for 10hours hardly :( .
 AND ITS BEEN ONLY 14 DAYS THAT I AM USING IT; hi, yes i have already done power saver on but it should atleast go for one day. NOTE 2 and S3 i had used the back up is more than sufficient then why i am facing the issue . and i had all time turn on data service then also my note 2 used to awake more than one day , but this htc one i put for 3 hours on charging and it shows only 95% charged then it goes for 10hours hardly :( .; AND ITS BEEN ONLY 14 DAYS THAT I AM USING IT
ng soni, 29 Jul 2013hello everybody ,since 16th of july am using htc ONE and i feel like phone is heating up in so... moreYour HTC one battery life should last longer than 12 hours if you ticked all the options under power saver mode and turn on the power saver mode. Also, turn off your data or wifi connection when not in use. Turn off current location setting and auto syn.as well. You can get better battery life. My HTC one has 85% left after 12 hours with the power saver setting on. Try it and see for yourself.; Your HTC one battery life should last longer than 12 hours if you ticked all the options under power saver mode and turn on the power saver mode. Also, turn off your data or wifi connection when not in use. Turn off current location setting and auto syn.as well. You can get better battery life. My HTC one has 85% left after 12 hours with the power saver setting on. Try it and see for yourself.
hello everybody ,since 16th of july am using htc ONE and i feel like phone is heating up in somtimes but that i can understand as it is aluminium body covered but, can anyone help in a issue like i put my mobile on charge when its around 14-20% and it gets fully charged almost in 3 hours but still power shows 95% and this battery go for 10 or 11 hours only :(. can anybody tell me , is this a quality of this phone or only am facing this issue .
 please help; hello everybody ,since 16th of july am using htc ONE and i feel like phone is heating up in somtimes but that i can understand as it is aluminium body covered but, can anyone help in a issue like i put my mobile on charge when its around 14-20% and it gets fully charged almost in 3 hours but still power shows 95% and this battery go for 10 or 11 hours only :(. can anybody tell me , is this a quality of this phone or only am facing this issue .; please help
Lifehacker, 29 Jul 2013Do games lag? Like modern combat 4? Tell meHi,
 I have installed Modern Combat 4 on my HTC ONE which is NOT rooted. It plays very well with great graphics and sound and NO lag at all.; Hi,; I have installed Modern Combat 4 on my HTC ONE which is NOT rooted. It plays very well with great graphics and sound and NO lag at all.
S4 has heating issues n its octa core doesn't really seem to mesh up that well, I like Htc one. Htc always. Going to buy it after using Htc amaze which was a hitin its time.; S4 has heating issues n its octa core doesn't really seem to mesh up that well, I like Htc one. Htc always. Going to buy it after using Htc amaze which was a hitin its time.
Do games lag? Like modern combat 4? Tell me; Do games lag? Like modern combat 4? Tell me
ya me too,after playing for 10min.it get hot.; ya me too,after playing for 10min.it get hot.
Anonymous, 29 Jul 2013The only problem I face with this phn is heating after playg games for 10-15 mins :-(. Does ev... moreIt's normal.; It's normal.
The only problem I face with this phn is heating after playg games for 10-15 mins :-(. Does everyone feel the same; The only problem I face with this phn is heating after playg games for 10-15 mins :-(. Does everyone feel the same
Techno J., 27 Jul 2013Lack of memory card slot isn't a serious problem to me. Just 32gb memory is more than enough f... morethere is a 64GB option; there is a 64GB option
Techno J., 28 Jul 2013Hello, this phone is comes with a ear in headset, but it's not a original Beats Audio headset.... moretechno j it does come with beats headphones,when it first came jbl flip was on offer with 40% off on it and the beats headphones were there too just because there is no logo doesnt mean it isnt beats see you will have to look deep in the htc and beats tie-up to know that not for sure but according to sound quality compared to monster by dr. dre beats it is more or less the same just a bit lesser bass; techno j it does come with beats headphones,when it first came jbl flip was on offer with 40% off on it and the beats headphones were there too just because there is no logo doesnt mean it isnt beats see you will have to look deep in the htc and beats tie-up to know that not for sure but according to sound quality compared to monster by dr. dre beats it is more or less the same just a bit lesser bass
Anonymous, 28 Jul 2013Ones thing i didnt like is the sense 5 ui with application screen scrolling up and down sense... moreyou can change that from settings; you can change that from settings
Emekayoung, 28 Jul 2013Why shuld a big phone like htc one come wit just 4MP cam lens,its unbelievable.the htc one camera lens is 4 ultrapixel not mega pixel which is near to 13 megapixel and its an amzing snapper i havent seen a better camera in any other phone; the htc one camera lens is 4 ultrapixel not mega pixel which is near to 13 megapixel and its an amzing snapper i havent seen a better camera in any other phone
its not 4mp its 4up camera; its not 4mp its 4up camera
Emekayoung, 28 Jul 2013Why shuld a big phone like htc one come wit just 4MP cam lens,its unbelievable.It has a dual camera option, it says 4MP but the camera is actually 13MP. The camera quality on it is amazing. I love this phone, I really do.; It has a dual camera option, it says 4MP but the camera is actually 13MP. The camera quality on it is amazing. I love this phone, I really do.
Emekayoung, 28 Jul 2013Why shuld a big phone like htc one come wit just 4MP cam lens,its unbelievable.I see you don't know shit about cameras, sensors, pixel size or exposure; I see you don't know shit about cameras, sensors, pixel size or exposure
wat about android 4.3 update?; wat about android 4.3 update?
Ones thing i didnt like is the sense 5 ui with application screen scrolling up and down sense 4 looks beautiful and side way scrolling; Ones thing i didnt like is the sense 5 ui with application screen scrolling up and down sense 4 looks beautiful and side way scrolling
Why shuld a big phone like htc one come wit just 4MP cam lens,its unbelievable.; Why shuld a big phone like htc one come wit just 4MP cam lens,its unbelievable.
KrIsH KuShI, 26 Jul 2013Only one word will describe abt this device. The word is " Awesome " - Superb cam ... morei like htc, its having metal body and good features comparatively other smart phones.; i like htc, its having metal body and good features comparatively other smart phones.
Yuna88, 28 Jul 2013Hi, It is including earpiece? Dr dre Hello, this phone is comes with a ear in headset, but it's not a original Beats Audio headset. The stock headset is not much give a better music quality as a original Beats headset.; Hello, this phone is comes with a ear in headset, but it's not a original Beats Audio headset. The stock headset is not much give a better music quality as a original Beats headset.
Yuna88, 28 Jul 2013Hi, It is including earpiece? Dr dre No; No
Hi,
 It is including earpiece? Dr dre; Hi,; It is including earpiece? Dr dre
Ok. Had for 1 month with AT&T. Signal and 4G is awful. I know its the phone because my Atrix 2 with same carrier had great signal. Cannot remove one of the home screens unless you root. Randomley freezes when hitting Back key too fast. Can't add two gmail accounts to the mail app?; Ok. Had for 1 month with AT&T. Signal and 4G is awful. I know its the phone because my Atrix 2 with same carrier had great signal. Cannot remove one of the home screens unless you root. Randomley freezes when hitting Back key too fast. Can't add two gmail accounts to the mail app?
seaghost, 27 Jul 2013hi, how do i connect htc one mobile data ? it keep showing me "Disconnected because ser... moreDepends upon ur operator APN.
 Just enter manual setup.
 Wireless network>mobile network>
 Access point name>
 and write just ur operator name in APN field.
 
 check it out......; Depends upon ur operator APN.; Just enter manual setup.; Wireless network>mobile network>; Access point name>; and write just ur operator name in APN field.; check it out......
Always been a HTC user. My HTC One is the best phone I have ever had. Fast, reliable, crystal clear and well-balanced!; Always been a HTC user. My HTC One is the best phone I have ever had. Fast, reliable, crystal clear and well-balanced!
k, 27 Jul 2013But it has no card slot??Lack of memory card slot isn't a serious problem to me. Just 32gb memory is more than enough for me. We are using just a phone, not a computer.; Lack of memory card slot isn't a serious problem to me. Just 32gb memory is more than enough for me. We are using just a phone, not a computer.
Jay-R, 26 Jul 2013Love this phone. The build quality is awesome. And the speaker is great. But it has no card slot??; But it has no card slot??
KrIsH KuShI, 26 Jul 2013Only one word will describe abt this device. The word is " Awesome " - Superb cam ... moreIts battery backup isn't the best on the market, if it is good for you then it's ok. But the camera is bad, well not as absolute quality goes, but compared to other, even much cheaper phones, it's a deal-breaker.; Its battery backup isn't the best on the market, if it is good for you then it's ok. But the camera is bad, well not as absolute quality goes, but compared to other, even much cheaper phones, it's a deal-breaker.
Bigben, 25 Jul 2013The HTC One doesn't easily heat up. The S4 does, I have a Vodacom repair and alot of customers... moreThe HTC One doesn't heat up. All the excess heat is absorbed by the battery, and it gets destroyed over time. And you can't replace it.; The HTC One doesn't heat up. All the excess heat is absorbed by the battery, and it gets destroyed over time. And you can't replace it.
hi, how do i connect htc one mobile data ? 
 it keep showing me "Disconnected because service is unavailable"
 every time i tried to switch it on 
 
 please reply ASAP; hi, how do i connect htc one mobile data ?; it keep showing me "Disconnected because service is unavailable"; every time i tried to switch it on; please reply ASAP
LOL,,, camera only 4 mp ......
 
 &#2453;&#2503;&#2441; &#2438;&#2478;&#2494;&#2480;&;#2503; &#2478;&#2494;&#2439;&#2480;&;#2494;&#2482;&#2494;; LOL,,, camera only 4 mp ......; &#2453;&#2503;&#2441; &#2438;&#2478;&#2494;&#2480;&;#2503; &#2478;&#2494;&#2439;&#2480;&;#2494;&#2482;&#2494;
This is the finest phn I have ever seennn.....sprb design .... simply fab...; This is the finest phn I have ever seennn.....sprb design .... simply fab...
KrIsH KuShI, 26 Jul 2013Only one word will describe abt this device. The word is " Awesome " - Superb cam ... moreyes I love my one as well; yes I love my one as well
After two weeks with my htc one I can say this phone is really great and the best I have had.
 
 What I really liked:
 
 -The build quality is just phenomenal and the best I have ever seen in a mobile phone. It's even better than the iPhone 5 because it feels more sturdy and it sits very well in the hand in spite of it's size. At first I was worried I might drop it but then I realized it provides a good grip. I can't describe how neat and premium it is you just have to try it.
 -The user interface and responsiveness. I used a Samsung before this and the first difference I noticed HTC has gone for simplicity rather than features. I liked how neat and stylish sense 5 it does not look cartoonish like touch-wiz but I guess it is not as effective as the galaxy. Not that I miss any of touch-wiz features now, I can certainly live without them. What I really like and matters the most is the HTC one is responsive and speedy there is no lag at all. Menus appear instantly as you touch the screen and apps open really quick too.
 -The screen and boom sound. They collectively make for a good multimedia experience. The screen is very sharp and vibrant and it is not bad under the sun either. But the S4 screen slightly produces better colors or saturation.
 Well I bet everyone knows the boom-sound is the best among all phones. I compared it to my brother's galaxy s4 and they nearly have the same loudness with beats audio turned on, but when you turn it off there is a boost in it's loudness. Off course I had to turn the S4 to face it's back when I compared them so you see the placement of the stereo speakers at the front of the htc one really makes a big difference. By the way beats audio does a very good job and I keep it turned on.
 
 What I disliked:
 
 -no memory card. 25 gb of user available memory space means I can't put in many HD movies and videos.
 -blink feed can not be removed
 
 Now the tings I haven't mentioned before because they were just OK for me:
 
 -Battery life. It lasted a full day (16 hours) with moderate use like texting, music, a little bit of non HD gaming,a lot of internet browsing and navigation. It is not extraordinary and not bad at the same time.
 -I don't use the camera that much but I can say it is really good and fast too. The only complaint is at 4 megapixels you can't capture many details, so far away objects and landscape scenery is not good on this phone. But for everyday scenarios it is more than capable. And it's really good at low light pictures.
 -The non removable battery is not an issue for me since I don't swap batteries and have never changed one before. But if your battery dies (probability of occurrence = 10%-30%) then you will have to send it to htc for replacement and where I live there is no htc center.
 
 conclusion: If you don't get the HTC one then you are missing a one in a decade phone. It is just too much quality in a single phone. If you combine a better build quality than the iphone, a speedy user interface like iOS, a versatile OS like android, top specifications like Samsung and innovation then you get the htc one. Sure it is not perfect but it is as close as it gets to perfection.; After two weeks with my htc one I can say this phone is really great and the best I have had.; What I really liked:; -The build quality is just phenomenal and the best I have ever seen in a mobile phone. It's even better than the iPhone 5 because it feels more sturdy and it sits very well in the hand in spite of it's size. At first I was worried I might drop it but then I realized it provides a good grip. I can't describe how neat and premium it is you just have to try it.; -The user interface and responsiveness. I used a Samsung before this and the first difference I noticed HTC has gone for simplicity rather than features. I liked how neat and stylish sense 5 it does not look cartoonish like touch-wiz but I guess it is not as effective as the galaxy. Not that I miss any of touch-wiz features now, I can certainly live without them. What I really like and matters the most is the HTC one is responsive and speedy there is no lag at all. Menus appear instantly as you touch the screen and apps open really quick too.; -The screen and boom sound. They collectively make for a good multimedia experience. The screen is very sharp and vibrant and it is not bad under the sun either. But the S4 screen slightly produces better colors or saturation.; Well I bet everyone knows the boom-sound is the best among all phones. I compared it to my brother's galaxy s4 and they nearly have the same loudness with beats audio turned on, but when you turn it off there is a boost in it's loudness. Off course I had to turn the S4 to face it's back when I compared them so you see the placement of the stereo speakers at the front of the htc one really makes a big difference. By the way beats audio does a very good job and I keep it turned on.; What I disliked:; -no memory card. 25 gb of user available memory space means I can't put in many HD movies and videos.; -blink feed can not be removed; Now the tings I haven't mentioned before because they were just OK for me:; -Battery life. It lasted a full day (16 hours) with moderate use like texting, music, a little bit of non HD gaming,a lot of internet browsing and navigation. It is not extraordinary and not bad at the same time.; -I don't use the camera that much but I can say it is really good and fast too. The only complaint is at 4 megapixels you can't capture many details, so far away objects and landscape scenery is not good on this phone. But for everyday scenarios it is more than capable. And it's really good at low light pictures.; -The non removable battery is not an issue for me since I don't swap batteries and have never changed one before. But if your battery dies (probability of occurrence = 10%-30%) then you will have to send it to htc for replacement and where I live there is no htc center.; conclusion: If you don't get the HTC one then you are missing a one in a decade phone. It is just too much quality in a single phone. If you combine a better build quality than the iphone, a speedy user interface like iOS, a versatile OS like android, top specifications like Samsung and innovation then you get the htc one. Sure it is not perfect but it is as close as it gets to perfection.
The phone model, build quality, screen is awesome. But rest everything is a big minus for me and I have returned it. 
 1. Was unable to play music on my car stereo (Sienna) AUX port while connected to its audio out port.
 2. Was unable to transfer photos and videos from the phone to Laptop. Could not detect the phone in my Windows 7 HP Laptop using USB cable. 
 3. WiFi can turn-on automatically even if you disable it.
 4. The touch screen though good, was not perfect like apple. I have experienced lot of typos while using whatsup app and twitter.
 5. The screen-unlock key and emergency-call keys are next to each other and I hit emergency-call key once by mistake and called 911.
 6. The "back" button does not work in single touch, had to hit twice on many occasions.
 7. No separate menu to sort voice mails and no option to selectively delete a voice mail.
 8. When you try to close the browser in single touch, wont work.Need to hit X mark using thumb and hold for some what longer to close the browser.
 9. Sound quality not as good as iphone. Try to Play songs and you will feel it.; The phone model, build quality, screen is awesome. But rest everything is a big minus for me and I have returned it.; 1. Was unable to play music on my car stereo (Sienna) AUX port while connected to its audio out port.; 2. Was unable to transfer photos and videos from the phone to Laptop. Could not detect the phone in my Windows 7 HP Laptop using USB cable.; 3. WiFi can turn-on automatically even if you disable it.; 4. The touch screen though good, was not perfect like apple. I have experienced lot of typos while using whatsup app and twitter.; 5. The screen-unlock key and emergency-call keys are next to each other and I hit emergency-call key once by mistake and called 911.; 6. The "back" button does not work in single touch, had to hit twice on many occasions.; 7. No separate menu to sort voice mails and no option to selectively delete a voice mail.; 8. When you try to close the browser in single touch, wont work.Need to hit X mark using thumb and hold for some what longer to close the browser.; 9. Sound quality not as good as iphone. Try to Play songs and you will feel it.
Limbtz, 25 Jul 2013Brace yourself. Jelly Bean 4.3 is comingim ecstatic with my htc one and my iphone 5. Any news about new update im from japan; im ecstatic with my htc one and my iphone 5. Any news about new update im from japan
Only one word will describe abt this device.
 The word is " Awesome "
 - Superb cam clarity even S4 can't stand infront of this.. I had S4 i sold it bcz of its plastic body n over heat issue.. Its my First HTC mobile.. And i m very much impressed abt the performance..
 - Screen - Amazing
 - Sound - Beat sound is awesome
 - Speakers - Dual speakers are really good..
 - Build quality n design - Its unique 
 - Batter backup - The best
 - Performance - No hang n lag n heat issues
 
 All in all its one n only best device i ever used..
 Thanks to HTC for making a most awesome device..
 
 Thanks!
 KrIsH KuShI; Only one word will describe abt this device.; The word is " Awesome "; - Superb cam clarity even S4 can't stand infront of this.. I had S4 i sold it bcz of its plastic body n over heat issue.. Its my First HTC mobile.. And i m very much impressed abt the performance..; - Screen - Amazing; - Sound - Beat sound is awesome; - Speakers - Dual speakers are really good..; - Build quality n design - Its unique; - Batter backup - The best; - Performance - No hang n lag n heat issues; All in all its one n only best device i ever used..; Thanks to HTC for making a most awesome device..; Thanks!; KrIsH KuShI
Love this phone. The build quality is awesome. And the speaker is great.; Love this phone. The build quality is awesome. And the speaker is great.
Love this phone. The build quality is awesome. And the speaker is great.; Love this phone. The build quality is awesome. And the speaker is great.
Did anyone knows when Android will roll out the 4.2.2 update for HTC ONE in Australia, Why It took them so Long.; Did anyone knows when Android will roll out the 4.2.2 update for HTC ONE in Australia, Why It took them so Long.
Its amazing experience to have a phone like HTC ONE..... I just Love it; Its amazing experience to have a phone like HTC ONE..... I just Love it
Chamath Thirusha, 26 Jul 2013please ...anyone can tell ,battery life of this phone.....if we full use it. :) ??5hrs.; 5hrs.
please ...anyone can tell ,battery life of this phone.....if we full use it. :) ??; please ...anyone can tell ,battery life of this phone.....if we full use it. :) ??
RaZ1, 25 Jul 2013Factory reset and try again !I tried that several times but still in vain.; I tried that several times but still in vain.
Best phone on market; Best phone on market
jACK, 25 Jul 2013Dont say that,!!!! The more I feel envious since all of has the Jelly bean 4.2.2 already i am ... moreFactory reset and try again !; Factory reset and try again !
wow every day i like more work white this htc one; wow every day i like more work white this htc one
the one, the best! I really love dz phone, its worth it; the one, the best! I really love dz phone, its worth it
Yapjunseng, 24 Jul 2013This is phone so disgusting Easy heat and easy finish battery This phone is rubbish But ... moreThe HTC One doesn't easily heat up. The S4 does, I have a Vodacom repair and alot of customers complain about the S4.
 
 The HTC One battery is excellent, about two days of moderate use, and more than one for heavy use. 
 
 It feels very premium and has the best display I ever seen, believe me.; The HTC One doesn't easily heat up. The S4 does, I have a Vodacom repair and alot of customers complain about the S4.; The HTC One battery is excellent, about two days of moderate use, and more than one for heavy use.; It feels very premium and has the best display I ever seen, believe me.
hossein, 25 Jul 2013Does the sound of one better than nokia 808.please help.Better than any handset I have ever tested.; Better than any handset I have ever tested.
I have used the handset for about 2 months. Ultra fast, excellent camera, very fast focusing using it to photograph my children. Never a out of focus photo, almost as fast as SLR Camera.
 
 Very premium feel build and best display ever. Much beter display than S4. 
 
 Moving from a Samsung Note 2, I am very impressed.; I have used the handset for about 2 months. Ultra fast, excellent camera, very fast focusing using it to photograph my children. Never a out of focus photo, almost as fast as SLR Camera.; Very premium feel build and best display ever. Much beter display than S4.; Moving from a Samsung Note 2, I am very impressed.
don't discuss too much about camera. just understand n remember some simple facts: ultrapixel means larger pixels bt the resolution remains exactly 4mp! larger pixels stretches out the performance of 4mp to almost 8mp bt if u compare to 13mp camera of s4 n xperia z the lack of resolution is clearly visible. specially in outdoor photography on a bright sunny day only resolution(megapixels) counts! ultrapixels is very effective technology bt with this u also need minimum 8mp resolution. 4mp of htc one is to low! importance of resolution is undeniable. in 13mp cameras u can zoom allot... bt in 4mp zooming is very limited..; don't discuss too much about camera. just understand n remember some simple facts: ultrapixel means larger pixels bt the resolution remains exactly 4mp! larger pixels stretches out the performance of 4mp to almost 8mp bt if u compare to 13mp camera of s4 n xperia z the lack of resolution is clearly visible. specially in outdoor photography on a bright sunny day only resolution(megapixels) counts! ultrapixels is very effective technology bt with this u also need minimum 8mp resolution. 4mp of htc one is to low! importance of resolution is undeniable. in 13mp cameras u can zoom allot... bt in 4mp zooming is very limited..
this phone looks very good. visited a phone store yesterday to check out the galaxy s4. htc one aint that bad......
 the only problem is that the lock buttons and the volume keys are pretty much plushed on the surface, which means you can drop this phone while trying to lock it. the best part....... the stores keeper dropped it once from waist height..... and it left a crack on the screen. he had no other option but to keep the cracked phone on display :P; this phone looks very good. visited a phone store yesterday to check out the galaxy s4. htc one aint that bad......; the only problem is that the lock buttons and the volume keys are pretty much plushed on the surface, which means you can drop this phone while trying to lock it. the best part....... the stores keeper dropped it once from waist height..... and it left a crack on the screen. he had no other option but to keep the cracked phone on display :P
Limbtz, 25 Jul 2013Brace yourself. Jelly Bean 4.3 is comingDont say that,!!!! The more I feel envious since all of has the Jelly bean 4.2.2 already i am still stock to 4.1.2 What happen with my handset refused to Update.; Dont say that,!!!! The more I feel envious since all of has the Jelly bean 4.2.2 already i am still stock to 4.1.2 What happen with my handset refused to Update.
Brace yourself. Jelly Bean 4.3 is coming; Brace yourself. Jelly Bean 4.3 is coming
Yapjunseng, 24 Jul 2013This is phone so disgusting Easy heat and easy finish battery This phone is rubbish But ... moreWhat a negative person! Htc one any user or person with some intelligence will rate this phone highly in the current market. Best smartphone ive ever used by far. Not overlooking other smartphones they are all good some just better than others like any product depends on the consumer.; What a negative person! Htc one any user or person with some intelligence will rate this phone highly in the current market. Best smartphone ive ever used by far. Not overlooking other smartphones they are all good some just better than others like any product depends on the consumer.
Does the sound of one better than nokia 808.please help.; Does the sound of one better than nokia 808.please help.
When it comes to a phone that offers everything I want I've never found it however the HTC One has won me over with the ability to capture moments with my family. The phone not only captures the moment but also the emotions.
 
 Design wise you won't get better. The all metal body is amazing and feels great in my hand.
 
 I would advise anyone to get this phone.; When it comes to a phone that offers everything I want I've never found it however the HTC One has won me over with the ability to capture moments with my family. The phone not only captures the moment but also the emotions.; Design wise you won't get better. The all metal body is amazing and feels great in my hand.; I would advise anyone to get this phone.
Yapjunseng, 24 Jul 2013This is phone so disgusting Easy heat and easy finish battery This phone is rubbish But ... moreIt's clear you don't have a clue and are trying to provoke a negitive reaction with happy HTC one users. Goodluck but it's clear you're a troller and not very intelligent go back to your plastic website.; It's clear you don't have a clue and are trying to provoke a negitive reaction with happy HTC one users. Goodluck but it's clear you're a troller and not very intelligent go back to your plastic website.
terry0400-40, 23 Jul 2013under normal lighting conditions the photos are brilliant, the camera is not good when trying ... moreWhat i was going to type in before finishing my review above on the HTC one camera is that the camera is very decent for a phone as it can capture some brilliant shots and as i said before the macro function is excellent and brilliantly precise with the detail and colors i dont know how they got this so good, i am still learning to tune myself in to the trix of this cam and it just gets better and better but i can say one thing this cam is certainly far more than just a toy....
 I tried to enter this in my last post but i accidently hit the tab button on my ThinkPad and sent my post unfinished cheers 4 now and enjoy your HTC one; What i was going to type in before finishing my review above on the HTC one camera is that the camera is very decent for a phone as it can capture some brilliant shots and as i said before the macro function is excellent and brilliantly precise with the detail and colors i dont know how they got this so good, i am still learning to tune myself in to the trix of this cam and it just gets better and better but i can say one thing this cam is certainly far more than just a toy....; I tried to enter this in my last post but i accidently hit the tab button on my ThinkPad and sent my post unfinished cheers 4 now and enjoy your HTC one
Yapjunseng, 24 Jul 2013This is phone so disgusting Easy heat and easy finish battery This phone is rubbish But ... moreIt's may be your problem, not the manufacturer's. If you play games/watching videos/web browsing more than 2-3 hrs per day, so is it a wonder that battery is draining quickly??? Try to manage battery life efficiently rather than blaming to the manufacturer.; It's may be your problem, not the manufacturer's. If you play games/watching videos/web browsing more than 2-3 hrs per day, so is it a wonder that battery is draining quickly??? Try to manage battery life efficiently rather than blaming to the manufacturer.
This is phone so disgusting 
 Easy heat and easy finish battery 
 This phone is rubbish 
 But this phone speaker is okay; This is phone so disgusting; Easy heat and easy finish battery; This phone is rubbish; But this phone speaker is okay
Sam, 24 Jul 2013I am from Dubai. I have HTC one. It works great but I am facing problems with signal reception... moreSam,
 
 Do you have a line with du? If your htc one is 4g, and you have set your data to LTE while being on du, it will give you fewer bars depending on where you are...i set mine on cdma (3.5g) option and i get full bars. I onlymset it to LTE with du if im in 4g range for du..places like jumeirah etc...; Sam,; Do you have a line with du? If your htc one is 4g, and you have set your data to LTE while being on du, it will give you fewer bars depending on where you are...i set mine on cdma (3.5g) option and i get full bars. I onlymset it to LTE with du if im in 4g range for du..places like jumeirah etc...
yomi, 23 Jul 2013I am about to buy an HTC one and am curious, Is the camera as bad as people say.I understand t... moreTry the phone and see fir yourself. Fanboys are all over saying mine is better this is better that is better. Dont just rely on other people.; Try the phone and see fir yourself. Fanboys are all over saying mine is better this is better that is better. Dont just rely on other people.
Sam, 24 Jul 2013I am from Dubai. I have HTC one. It works great but I am facing problems with signal reception... moreMaybe the phone is set to auto mode. Try gsm mode only and set phone to wcdma when u will be connecting to internet.; Maybe the phone is set to auto mode. Try gsm mode only and set phone to wcdma when u will be connecting to internet.
kiran......, 24 Jul 2013htc one is the only one smartphone which is unique in design as well as specifications but It ... moreDesign is meaningless, and spec-for-spec the S4 beats it handily.; Design is meaningless, and spec-for-spec the S4 beats it handily.
Anonymous, 23 Jul 2013Hello. I'm really thinking buy this phone but I'm a little bit confuse about the diferent opin... moreThe S4's camera blows that 4MP sensor out of the water, almost any time.; The S4's camera blows that 4MP sensor out of the water, almost any time.
Anonymous, 24 Jul 2013The camera as they say is in ULTRAPIXEL. Dunno the difference though bet ultra and mega. Lol. ... moreUltra is 1 large pixel, mega is 100000 pixels. That's the difference.; Ultra is 1 large pixel, mega is 100000 pixels. That's the difference.
fraserb64, 24 Jul 2013Question: Why would a bloated version of the HTC One with a full AV program run faster than... moreReplosting link as it was cut off:
 https://www.dropbox.com/s/lygoqzc9tpv36cp/Screenshot_2013-04-26-00-09-34.png; Replosting link as it was cut off:
Question:
 
 Why would a bloated version of the HTC One with a full AV program run faster than the test performed here?
 http://blog.gsmarena.com/htc-one-benchmark-scores-are-here-ready-to-blow-your-mind/ 
 
 https://www.dropbox.com/s/lygoqzc9tpv36cp/Screenshot_2013-04-26-00-09-34.png; Question:; Why would a bloated version of the HTC One with a full AV program run faster than the test performed here?
htc one is the only one smartphone which is unique in design as well as specifications but It would be unbeatable if it would have smart stay. ,,airgestures ,etc like in s4; htc one is the only one smartphone which is unique in design as well as specifications but It would be unbeatable if it would have smart stay. ,,airgestures ,etc like in s4
I am from Dubai. I have HTC one. It works great but I am facing problems with signal reception. My brother's Iphone 5 always has full signal bars and my phone can hardly reach 3. Most of the times, it loses network when I am in an elevator. It loses network sometimes in my room also. My previous phone Galaxy S2 was way better in terms of signal reception. Anyways, I will see with HTC here if they can replace my handset.; I am from Dubai. I have HTC one. It works great but I am facing problems with signal reception. My brother's Iphone 5 always has full signal bars and my phone can hardly reach 3. Most of the times, it loses network when I am in an elevator. It loses network sometimes in my room also. My previous phone Galaxy S2 was way better in terms of signal reception. Anyways, I will see with HTC here if they can replace my handset.
Techno J., 24 Jul 2013Though you live in Philippine, you purchased it it from Australia. Therefore you region must b... moreThank you very much for the info i appreciate so much.; Thank you very much for the info i appreciate so much.
jACK, 24 Jul 2013No I am residing in Manila, Philippines and Update here start to rolled out last July 6,2013. ... moreThough you live in Philippine, you purchased it it from Australia. Therefore you region must be set as Australia. HTC is releasing updates in regional wise. However, many Asian countries and some EU countries are enjoying the 4.2.2 update at the moment. Unfortunately HTC still hasn't released it in Australian and American regions. According to the news, hopefully it will be available worldwide within the next week or the beginning of the next month. So then, no need to remorse.; Though you live in Philippine, you purchased it it from Australia. Therefore you region must be set as Australia. HTC is releasing updates in regional wise. However, many Asian countries and some EU countries are enjoying the 4.2.2 update at the moment. Unfortunately HTC still hasn't released it in Australian and American regions. According to the news, hopefully it will be available worldwide within the next week or the beginning of the next month. So then, no need to remorse.
Techno J., 24 Jul 2013Are you live in Australia???? HTC still released 4.2.2 update in Asia and some EU countries on... moreNo I am residing in Manila, Philippines and Update here start to rolled out last July 6,2013. But I purchased my handset in Australia. But uptil no no update to my handset.; No I am residing in Manila, Philippines and Update here start to rolled out last July 6,2013. But I purchased my handset in Australia. But uptil no no update to my handset.
ifat, 23 Jul 2013i am in confusion..... Which one I should buy either GS4 or Htc One??? Plz helphahaha watching ur comment reminds me of myself from asking the same question from all ... but to be honest go for ONE as it far more better than iphone and s4 .
 the camera and all other specs are perfect and smooth .
 :); hahaha watching ur comment reminds me of myself from asking the same question from all ... but to be honest go for ONE as it far more better than iphone and s4 .; the camera and all other specs are perfect and smooth .; :)
jACK, 24 Jul 2013In AustraliaAre you live in Australia???? HTC still released 4.2.2 update in Asia and some EU countries only. Not major part of the world. Hopefully next week it will available all over the world.; Are you live in Australia???? HTC still released 4.2.2 update in Asia and some EU countries only. Not major part of the world. Hopefully next week it will available all over the world.
The camera as they say is in ULTRAPIXEL. Dunno the difference though bet ultra and mega. Lol. But according to other reviews its quite impressive. It has larger pixels wich brings a clearer image and looks more natural than those of higher megapixels.; The camera as they say is in ULTRAPIXEL. Dunno the difference though bet ultra and mega. Lol. But according to other reviews its quite impressive. It has larger pixels wich brings a clearer image and looks more natural than those of higher megapixels.
so, what is the function of blinkfeed?no function at all when battery drain very fast..note 2 is 5 times worthy than this as it has 3100mA battery compare to this suck devices; so, what is the function of blinkfeed?no function at all when battery drain very fast..note 2 is 5 times worthy than this as it has 3100mA battery compare to this suck devices
[deleted post]In Australia; In Australia
ifat, 23 Jul 2013i am in confusion..... Which one I should buy either GS4 or Htc One??? Plz helpIn my opinion htc one is better. Chose the one and you will not regret!; In my opinion htc one is better. Chose the one and you will not regret!
Hello. I'm really thinking buy this phone but I'm a little bit confuse about the diferent opinion I've heard. So I Would really appreciate if you could tell me about your experiencie about it.thank you specialy abour its camera nd sound as compared to s4; Hello. I'm really thinking buy this phone but I'm a little bit confuse about the diferent opinion I've heard. So I Would really appreciate if you could tell me about your experiencie about it.thank you specialy abour its camera nd sound as compared to s4
ifat, 23 Jul 2013i am in confusion..... Which one I should buy either GS4 or Htc One??? Plz helpgo for s4 without second thought!! s4 is much more powerful in hardware and deference in the cameras is serious... premium build quality can't help in outdoor photography on bright sunny day...; go for s4 without second thought!! s4 is much more powerful in hardware and deference in the cameras is serious... premium build quality can't help in outdoor photography on bright sunny day...
yomi, 23 Jul 2013I am about to buy an HTC one and am curious, Is the camera as bad as people say.I understand t... moreunder normal lighting conditions the photos are brilliant, the camera is not good when trying to focus on really bright areas like a sunset or a sunrise, and the zooming pics are nothing to rave about however non zoomed shots under normal or dim lighting are good and produce very precise lifelike nice pics and the Macro function is absolutely brilliant just about as good as it gets, my set has been updated to 4.2.2 , yeah with this cam it can be used as fast as fast its great for action and party shots even using the menu on the cam is easy to access during filming, i also tested the video out for ten minutes on normal mode and it was very decent so all in all i recon that the camera on this phone can not be considered a flop, at the end of the day the camera will not make you think it would have been better to get another product, in the case where i ned to conduct some serious zooming action then my Lumix TZ10 then is the boy for the job, yeah the cam on; under normal lighting conditions the photos are brilliant, the camera is not good when trying to focus on really bright areas like a sunset or a sunrise, and the zooming pics are nothing to rave about however non zoomed shots under normal or dim lighting are good and produce very precise lifelike nice pics and the Macro function is absolutely brilliant just about as good as it gets, my set has been updated to 4.2.2 , yeah with this cam it can be used as fast as fast its great for action and party shots even using the menu on the cam is easy to access during filming, i also tested the video out for ten minutes on normal mode and it was very decent so all in all i recon that the camera on this phone can not be considered a flop, at the end of the day the camera will not make you think it would have been better to get another product, in the case where i ned to conduct some serious zooming action then my Lumix TZ10 then is the boy for the job, yeah the cam on
i am in confusion..... Which one I should buy either GS4 or Htc One??? Plz help; i am in confusion..... Which one I should buy either GS4 or Htc One??? Plz help
A brilliant phone, the best I've ever used, so smooth and beautifully built. Camera is really really good actually, and easily better than others in low light, yes you cannot zoom into photos so much but IQ is great.; A brilliant phone, the best I've ever used, so smooth and beautifully built. Camera is really really good actually, and easily better than others in low light, yes you cannot zoom into photos so much but IQ is great.
I am desperate to buy HTC one. it has many features which is better to operate it; I am desperate to buy HTC one. it has many features which is better to operate it
gadgetfancy, 23 Jul 2013After reading amazinf reviews online, I finally bought this phone. Before this I owned a HTC D... moreThe change in settings will be saved automatically. you can access recent apps by double pressing the home button. any more doubts?; The change in settings will be saved automatically. you can access recent apps by double pressing the home button. any more doubts?
Lol !!.. How would a mono speaker could be more clearer than a stereo speakers... It seems some body is missing a lesson out of electronics...; Lol !!.. How would a mono speaker could be more clearer than a stereo speakers... It seems some body is missing a lesson out of electronics...
faris, 23 Jul 2013this phone very sucks...battety drain very fast. samsung note 2 is far away betterNo. The battery is very good. It drains very little if you turned on the power saver mode and use it the care. It is just like driving a car, if you drive with a heavy foot with your radio and air conditioning on,
 Your car will consume more gas.This is the truth in the world. You cannot complain a phone battery drains fast when you have your data on all the time snd all other social apps like facebook, blinkfeed, on all the time. You have to turned off your data, auto sync, current location, etc.to conserve energy for your phone. Thibk off how th ou can sa ve gas in your car then apply the same principle tovyour cellphone.; No. The battery is very good. It drains very little if you turned on the power saver mode and use it the care. It is just like driving a car, if you drive with a heavy foot with your radio and air conditioning on,; Your car will consume more gas.This is the truth in the world. You cannot complain a phone battery drains fast when you have your data on all the time snd all other social apps like facebook, blinkfeed, on all the time. You have to turned off your data, auto sync, current location, etc.to conserve energy for your phone. Thibk off how th ou can sa ve gas in your car then apply the same principle tovyour cellphone.
gadgetfancy, 23 Jul 2013After reading amazinf reviews online, I finally bought this phone. Before this I owned a HTC D... moreDouble click home button two times you can swap through the application. There are all shortcuts which you need to know before writing a review. For more shortcuts just type in google htc one tips and tricks; Double click home button two times you can swap through the application. There are all shortcuts which you need to know before writing a review. For more shortcuts just type in google htc one tips and tricks
I am about to buy an HTC one and am curious, Is the camera as bad as people say.I understand the low light feature...which is fantastic...but is it also great in an environment with so much light?; I am about to buy an HTC one and am curious, Is the camera as bad as people say.I understand the low light feature...which is fantastic...but is it also great in an environment with so much light?
this phone very sucks...battety drain very fast.
 samsung note 2 is far away better; this phone very sucks...battety drain very fast.; samsung note 2 is far away better
this phone very sucks...battety drain very fast.
 samsung note 2 is far away better; this phone very sucks...battety drain very fast.; samsung note 2 is far away better
Is there another way to update my HTC ONE aside from OTA . up to this time I still do not get update despite it Started to rolled out in the Philippines since July 6,2013.; Is there another way to update my HTC ONE aside from OTA . up to this time I still do not get update despite it Started to rolled out in the Philippines since July 6,2013.
Faraz, 23 Jul 2013I am going to buy this. However, I am little confused about colour. Should I buy black or Silv... moreBuy silver..looks better..but it has no carrier video call service though...hope you know that..; Buy silver..looks better..but it has no carrier video call service though...hope you know that..
I am going to buy this. However, I am little confused about colour. Should I buy black or Silver one?; I am going to buy this. However, I am little confused about colour. Should I buy black or Silver one?
i was s4 and iphone 5 and now htc one and its perfect for me the quality and procesor...htc one is the best...shook!!!!!; i was s4 and iphone 5 and now htc one and its perfect for me the quality and procesor...htc one is the best...shook!!!!!
After reading amazinf reviews online, I finally bought this phone. Before this I owned a HTC Desire Z, which was an amazing phone too and why I decided to stick to HTC. It has been 3 days, and I'm actually struggling to like this phone. No doubt this is a light, good looking and faster handset. But there are many internal interface issues that I do not recommend. Its not as easy to get things done, and not as intuitive as it was for my Desire Z. You even wont find obvious buttons like 'Save' after you made some changes on Settings. There are no shortcuts to your last accessed apps, you have to return to home to open it again.It has great processor and OS on board, but they have screwed up the simplicity of interaction. If such things dont bother you, buy it.; After reading amazinf reviews online, I finally bought this phone. Before this I owned a HTC Desire Z, which was an amazing phone too and why I decided to stick to HTC. It has been 3 days, and I'm actually struggling to like this phone. No doubt this is a light, good looking and faster handset. But there are many internal interface issues that I do not recommend. Its not as easy to get things done, and not as intuitive as it was for my Desire Z. You even wont find obvious buttons like 'Save' after you made some changes on Settings. There are no shortcuts to your last accessed apps, you have to return to home to open it again.It has great processor and OS on board, but they have screwed up the simplicity of interaction. If such things dont bother you, buy it.
I have a query, why don't i have the option to make video calls on HTC one?? m not talking about skype or hangouts..the normal video calls through sim carrier..i don't have that option..any rectifications???; I have a query, why don't i have the option to make video calls on HTC one?? m not talking about skype or hangouts..the normal video calls through sim carrier..i don't have that option..any rectifications???
Dr.George, 23 Jul 2013hi guys,, i would like to know the actual internal memory space of this phone from the 32gb..The actual capacity of the 32gb memory is 25.24gb according to my phone.; The actual capacity of the 32gb memory is 25.24gb according to my phone.
Omar, 22 Jul 2013Just got mine yesterday. I have to say it seems to be a great phone. However i'm a bit disappo... moreyou too like me have OCD.I bought a sealed pack from an online store. afraid that when bought from a dealer he might place it on the table and get scratches while checking.; you too like me have OCD.I bought a sealed pack from an online store. afraid that when bought from a dealer he might place it on the table and get scratches while checking.
hi guys,,
 i would like to know the actual internal memory space of this phone from the 32gb..; hi guys,,; i would like to know the actual internal memory space of this phone from the 32gb..
i feel cool so cool it's a real phone; i feel cool so cool it's a real phone
advice, 22 Jul 2013I have patented my name 8 months ago.i have been using this name since 4 years back.; i have been using this name since 4 years back.
I think htc has a 4 ultra-pixel camera, not 4 MP; I think htc has a 4 ultra-pixel camera, not 4 MP
yoyohtc, 22 Jul 2013buy it!! u won't regretbattery should be removable; battery should be removable
Hey HTC one fans I need ur help.
 
 I bought htc one today but its wifi network is week the video keeps buffering whereas the same video on my defy plays without buffering; Hey HTC one fans I need ur help.; I bought htc one today but its wifi network is week the video keeps buffering whereas the same video on my defy plays without buffering
luigi, 22 Jul 2013First of all the sound from the ONE blows the s4 away i don'tknow which phones you comparedI m comparing one with s4. read reviews or check yourself s4's music is clearer to one... one is louder bt s4 is clearer.; I m comparing one with s4. read reviews or check yourself s4's music is clearer to one... one is louder bt s4 is clearer.
advice, 22 Jul 2013please can u stop using my nick name.I have patented my name 8 months ago.; I have patented my name 8 months ago.
bsousa, 21 Jul 2013Hello. I'm really thinking buy this phone but I'm a little bit confuse about the diferent opin... morebuy it!! u won't regret; buy it!! u won't regret
Nice phone, HTC. I really the design and specifications of the One.
 But guess what, I bought a 1:1 clone version rather than the original One.
 Your pricing of the smartphone is damn ridiculous. Hope more consumers would turn to buying clones versions of your smartphone so your revenue will drop and you will learn your lesson to price your smartphone more sensibly.; Nice phone, HTC. I really the design and specifications of the One.; But guess what, I bought a 1:1 clone version rather than the original One.; Your pricing of the smartphone is damn ridiculous. Hope more consumers would turn to buying clones versions of your smartphone so your revenue will drop and you will learn your lesson to price your smartphone more sensibly.
karthik, 21 Jul 2013This is worst phone in my life time....I prefer please don't buy this.....the appearance of th... moreHi Karthick,
 
 It seems your phone definitely having some issues. Because I feel so good while using my phone in WIFI,3G.Its fast adn I have even download many movies in torrent with my phone while connecting to my office WIFI.. ;); Hi Karthick,; It seems your phone definitely having some issues. Because I feel so good while using my phone in WIFI,3G.Its fast adn I have even download many movies in torrent with my phone while connecting to my office WIFI.. ;)
Just got mine yesterday. I have to say it seems to be a great phone. However i'm a bit disappointed since i've found a minor scratch right under the sim card slot and besides the screen as well. I read about quality controld issues and found some users were experiencing the same but in different parts of the phone. Otherwise I'm very happy with choosing it over the S4; Just got mine yesterday. I have to say it seems to be a great phone. However i'm a bit disappointed since i've found a minor scratch right under the sim card slot and besides the screen as well. I read about quality controld issues and found some users were experiencing the same but in different parts of the phone. Otherwise I'm very happy with choosing it over the S4
Gagan, 21 Jul 2013Yes, this phone becomes very hot with subway surfers almost like in one x plus.Yes its very true even i m facing the same prob; Yes its very true even i m facing the same prob
Come on guys. In the forum I find lot of guys complaining about the camera.. Yes it is just 4MP but with the sensors which can observe more lights, which means more detials could be capture in a picture.Pixels always means how big the picture is.. not how good and detailed. Don't complain.. Feel proud of using a pioneer technology in the cams of the phones.. In future it may be developed to 8/13 mp..; Come on guys. In the forum I find lot of guys complaining about the camera.. Yes it is just 4MP but with the sensors which can observe more lights, which means more detials could be capture in a picture.Pixels always means how big the picture is.. not how good and detailed. Don't complain.. Feel proud of using a pioneer technology in the cams of the phones.. In future it may be developed to 8/13 mp..
I prefer one x plus which is far smaller with same 4.7 inch screen. the speakers on the one increased the size of the phone and the application drawer in one cannot be scrolled sideways but only up and down bcos of sense 5.; I prefer one x plus which is far smaller with same 4.7 inch screen. the speakers on the one increased the size of the phone and the application drawer in one cannot be scrolled sideways but only up and down bcos of sense 5.
Hi any htc one user experiencing a an error message that goes "power adopter is not compatible withnyour handset.mplease remove or your phone might get malfunction" please reply coz i am demaning my htc here in my country to have it replaced; Hi any htc one user experiencing a an error message that goes "power adopter is not compatible withnyour handset.mplease remove or your phone might get malfunction" please reply coz i am demaning my htc here in my country to have it replaced
The htc one x phone has a serious design flaw and the company has ignored it. With normal handling, the volume control goes to silent and I miss the majority of my calls. This is a huge problem! If you want a phone you can hear ring do not purchase the htc one x.; The htc one x phone has a serious design flaw and the company has ignored it. With normal handling, the volume control goes to silent and I miss the majority of my calls. This is a huge problem! If you want a phone you can hear ring do not purchase the htc one x.
advice, 21 Jul 2013what do u want here this is not sony page. I have dealt with u now u r coming here. Guess what... moreplease can u stop using my nick name.; please can u stop using my nick name.
deep25515, 21 Jul 2013wifidirect n Nfc doesn't work in India in HTC one this is very bad thing NFC works in India... I hv used it on my HTC One; NFC works in India... I hv used it on my HTC One
T'was a tough decision to choose HTC One over iPhone 5. I've been an Apple user since 2G came. And now, I am using an Android, and yes, I don't regret. S4 and HTC One were the two Androids or Smartphone that I am choosing. Before buying one of these phones, I had borrowed my friend's phone (S4), I was amazed the first time I used it, but after sometimes, I got disappointed because when I'm comparing to S3, it is much better. So I got the HTC One, sound is very good, camera, sense, blinkfeed, zoe and so much more. Forget the heating and battery life problem. All smartphones are just having the same problem. :); T'was a tough decision to choose HTC One over iPhone 5. I've been an Apple user since 2G came. And now, I am using an Android, and yes, I don't regret. S4 and HTC One were the two Androids or Smartphone that I am choosing. Before buying one of these phones, I had borrowed my friend's phone (S4), I was amazed the first time I used it, but after sometimes, I got disappointed because when I'm comparing to S3, it is much better. So I got the HTC One, sound is very good, camera, sense, blinkfeed, zoe and so much more. Forget the heating and battery life problem. All smartphones are just having the same problem. :)
Htc one is very nice phone but samsung is very lazy I love my htc 1 very very very nice smart phone; Htc one is very nice phone but samsung is very lazy I love my htc 1 very very very nice smart phone
Anonymous, 22 Jul 2013I saw phonebuff's speed comparison video between one n s4. they said s4 has DDR3 ram n one has... moreFirst of all the sound from the ONE blows the s4 away i don'tknow which phones you compared; First of all the sound from the ONE blows the s4 away i don'tknow which phones you compared
I saw phonebuff's speed comparison video between one n s4. they said s4 has DDR3 ram n one has DDR2 ram. there's not much deference in real life performance. s4 is faster in most of d tasks... I don't know for what HTC one is much expansive than galaxy s4?? one's camera is very weak, no jellybean 4.2.2 out of d box, no expandable memory n it's sound clarity is also lesser than s4! this pathetic...:-(; I saw phonebuff's speed comparison video between one n s4. they said s4 has DDR3 ram n one has DDR2 ram. there's not much deference in real life performance. s4 is faster in most of d tasks... I don't know for what HTC one is much expansive than galaxy s4?? one's camera is very weak, no jellybean 4.2.2 out of d box, no expandable memory n it's sound clarity is also lesser than s4! this pathetic...:-(
advice, 21 Jul 2013what do u want here this is not sony page. I have dealt with u now u r coming here. Guess what... moreMr. Advice,
 
 Please consider this page is not a place to starting meaningless arguments or personal conflicts. This page is for HTC users and fans to exchange their knowledge & post their inquiries. You can do your personal purposes somewhere else.; Mr. Advice,; Please consider this page is not a place to starting meaningless arguments or personal conflicts. This page is for HTC users and fans to exchange their knowledge & post their inquiries. You can do your personal purposes somewhere else.
bsousa, 21 Jul 2013Hello. I'm really thinking buy this phone but I'm a little bit confuse about the diferent opin... moreNever had any issues, no problems.. buy the phone you'll be very satisfied:); Never had any issues, no problems.. buy the phone you'll be very satisfied:)
Hello. I'm really thinking buy this phone but I'm a little bit confuse about the diferent opinion I've heard. So I Would really appreciate if you could tell me about your experiencie about it.thank you; Hello. I'm really thinking buy this phone but I'm a little bit confuse about the diferent opinion I've heard. So I Would really appreciate if you could tell me about your experiencie about it.thank you
wifidirect n Nfc doesn't work in India in HTC one
 
 this is very bad thing; wifidirect n Nfc doesn't work in India in HTC one; this is very bad thing
suresh, 21 Jul 2013The beautiful metallic body,new camera technology, blinkfeed that brings all social media on h... moreThe body is fragile, the difference in ppi is invisible, BlinkFeed uses battery and data traffic unduly. The S4 has slightly better INTERNALS, and by this I mean CPU, battery, camera etc. The S4 is comparable to the One in most details, only that it has a far better camera. For all those who don't care about looks, the S4 is better.; The body is fragile, the difference in ppi is invisible, BlinkFeed uses battery and data traffic unduly. The S4 has slightly better INTERNALS, and by this I mean CPU, battery, camera etc. The S4 is comparable to the One in most details, only that it has a far better camera. For all those who don't care about looks, the S4 is better.
Techno J., 21 Jul 2013Let's forget those technical & specification terms for a moment. And let's compare those p... moreThe S4's display isn't necessarily worse. And the One's camera is very good in low-light, but abysmal in the day.; The S4's display isn't necessarily worse. And the One's camera is very good in low-light, but abysmal in the day.
Spencer, 21 Jul 2013I had the two as well...bought the s4 first and then got frustrated by the lag (unacceptable f... moreIt's not octa-core.; It's not octa-core.
Night of Xperia Z, 21 Jul 2013I felt sorry to you in thwo thing two thing: 1st. I'm not HTC One user so I shouldn't disturb... morewhat do u want here this is not sony page. I have dealt with u now u r coming here. Guess what, im here also.; what do u want here this is not sony page. I have dealt with u now u r coming here. Guess what, im here also.
Big money, 21 Jul 2013Dang hot phone, forget about them features, Yes, this phone becomes very hot with subway surfers almost like in one x plus.; Yes, this phone becomes very hot with subway surfers almost like in one x plus.
Techno J., 21 Jul 2013It's much appreciate my friend what you have done here by responding those trollers, you are a... moreI felt sorry to you in thwo thing two thing:
 1st. I'm not HTC One user so I shouldn't disturbing at here.
 2nd. I can't help u too much because mine there have too many Note 2 Troller, so I'm busy to handle at there.; I felt sorry to you in thwo thing two thing:; 1st. I'm not HTC One user so I shouldn't disturbing at here.; 2nd. I can't help u too much because mine there have too many Note 2 Troller, so I'm busy to handle at there.
The beautiful metallic body,new camera technology, blinkfeed that brings all social media on home screen and a screen so beautiful with 469PPI Can't move eyes from it. I had Samsung galaxy S4 earlier and after using HTC One I strongly recommend to all looking for a phone go for HTC One the premium look instead of that Samsung S4 with cheap plastic build quality.; The beautiful metallic body,new camera technology, blinkfeed that brings all social media on home screen and a screen so beautiful with 469PPI Can't move eyes from it. I had Samsung galaxy S4 earlier and after using HTC One I strongly recommend to all looking for a phone go for HTC One the premium look instead of that Samsung S4 with cheap plastic build quality.
The beautiful metallic body,new camera technology, blinkfeed that brings all social media on home screen and a screen so beautiful with 469PPI Can't move eyes from it. I had Samsung galaxy S4 earlier and after using HTC One I strongly recommend to all looking for a phone go for HTC One the premium look instead of that Samsung S4 with cheap plastic build quality.; The beautiful metallic body,new camera technology, blinkfeed that brings all social media on home screen and a screen so beautiful with 469PPI Can't move eyes from it. I had Samsung galaxy S4 earlier and after using HTC One I strongly recommend to all looking for a phone go for HTC One the premium look instead of that Samsung S4 with cheap plastic build quality.
This is worst phone in my life time....I prefer please don't buy this.....the appearance of the phone is only good....and all other things are waste.....before I used use s3that is more faster than this and this one gets hanged simply if I use 3g for 30mins also.....and it get heated quickly......and feel like in s3its self has many options....and I don't about s4....this is the 14th day Iam using this mobile plz don't buy this.....I never posted any comments because I never used to see any comments but I got frustrated about this mobile and I am doing this....plzz..don't go for this.....; This is worst phone in my life time....I prefer please don't buy this.....the appearance of the phone is only good....and all other things are waste.....before I used use s3that is more faster than this and this one gets hanged simply if I use 3g for 30mins also.....and it get heated quickly......and feel like in s3its self has many options....and I don't about s4....this is the 14th day Iam using this mobile plz don't buy this.....I never posted any comments because I never used to see any comments but I got frustrated about this mobile and I am doing this....plzz..don't go for this.....
The best phone ever created on planet. Best design, awesome dual front speakers which no other phones ever thought of. Soon in some way the other phones will adapt this front speakers concept in their phones. The ultra mega pixel camera with Zoe technology, OIS which is capable of taking great low light images. HTC has done a great job..:-); The best phone ever created on planet. Best design, awesome dual front speakers which no other phones ever thought of. Soon in some way the other phones will adapt this front speakers concept in their phones. The ultra mega pixel camera with Zoe technology, OIS which is capable of taking great low light images. HTC has done a great job..:-)
notty, 21 Jul 2013I owned a S4 which I recently replaced with HTC One.. Despite being 'octa' core & 2GB of ... moreI had the two as well...bought the s4 first and then got frustrated by the lag (unacceptable for an octa core processor), heating issues when browsing or gaming, and the cheap design...bought the HTC one and I have to say this is the best device I've ever used...it's almost perfect...although to be honest, the s4 Camera is better; I had the two as well...bought the s4 first and then got frustrated by the lag (unacceptable for an octa core processor), heating issues when browsing or gaming, and the cheap design...bought the HTC one and I have to say this is the best device I've ever used...it's almost perfect...although to be honest, the s4 Camera is better
I use HTC One and its pretty good..very quick response and everything else is good..I have a query though, why don't i have the option to make video calls through normal phone on HTC one??skype and all other services are good..but yesterday i was some place without wifi, and i wanted to make an urgent video call, but the phone didn't have an option..any way to rectify this??; I use HTC One and its pretty good..very quick response and everything else is good..I have a query though, why don't i have the option to make video calls through normal phone on HTC one??skype and all other services are good..but yesterday i was some place without wifi, and i wanted to make an urgent video call, but the phone didn't have an option..any way to rectify this??
Dang hot phone, forget about them features,; Dang hot phone, forget about them features,
Night of Xperia Z, 21 Jul 2013And also, I feel Poor to you because you are wasting your money on S4, oh wait maybe you are r... moreIt's much appreciate my friend what you have done here by responding those trollers, you are a Xperia Z user though.; It's much appreciate my friend what you have done here by responding those trollers, you are a Xperia Z user though.
ShoManAdeh, 20 Jul 2013Ok lets see, What does S4 have over htc One: 01. S4 is 15 grams lighter than One 02. Displ... moreLet's forget those technical & specification terms for a moment. And let's compare those phones in real life scenario. 
 
 Speed : HTC One is speeder that S4 even though S4 has a higher processor (Lol). Check this. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ZvcdM3TZnc 
 
 Display : HTC one is way better than S4 display, giving you much more vibrant and realistic colours. Check this. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KlK0hGfTY4E 
 
 Music : HTC One is the best phone for music lovers, no doubt about it. And S4 stock headphones are vibrating when you increased the volume. It's a wonderful example of the S4 build quality (XD).
 
 The Front dual speakers gives you rich audio output rather than a back side speaker, which is very annoying. It's very helpful for the loudspeaker calls, even the Skype video chatting.
 
 Camera : HTC One allow you to tack a perfect photo in the day light as well as the low light, which S4 can't take a perfect photo in the low light.
 
 HDR microphones allows you to take a excellent clarity call even noisy environment. 
 
 32 GB of memory for the same price as 16 GB on the S4.
 
 FM transmitter.
 
 Car mode (turns Bluetooth on, car-convenient UI).
 
 Sense 5 is a more user friendly and lag free UI than lagging Touchwiz. 
 
 Premium looking metal body rather than the cheap looking plastic S4.
 
 Now can you understand those higher specifications and gestures would not give a perfect phone. HTC One is the best example.; Let's forget those technical & specification terms for a moment. And let's compare those phones in real life scenario.; Speed : HTC One is speeder that S4 even though S4 has a higher processor (Lol). Check this.; Display : HTC one is way better than S4 display, giving you much more vibrant and realistic colours. Check this.; Music : HTC One is the best phone for music lovers, no doubt about it. And S4 stock headphones are vibrating when you increased the volume. It's a wonderful example of the S4 build quality (XD).; The Front dual speakers gives you rich audio output rather than a back side speaker, which is very annoying. It's very helpful for the loudspeaker calls, even the Skype video chatting.; Camera : HTC One allow you to tack a perfect photo in the day light as well as the low light, which S4 can't take a perfect photo in the low light.; HDR microphones allows you to take a excellent clarity call even noisy environment.; 32 GB of memory for the same price as 16 GB on the S4.; FM transmitter.; Car mode (turns Bluetooth on, car-convenient UI).; Sense 5 is a more user friendly and lag free UI than lagging Touchwiz.; Premium looking metal body rather than the cheap looking plastic S4.; Now can you understand those higher specifications and gestures would not give a perfect phone. HTC One is the best example.
ShoManAdeh, 20 Jul 2013Ok lets see, What does S4 have over htc One: 01. S4 is 15 grams lighter than One 02. Displ... moreAnd also, I feel Poor to you because you are wasting your money on S4, oh wait maybe you are rich, my friend's S4 notification tone ringing only for 2-3 seconds, so he go to Service Center for some repair or information, the Samsung People only simply gave him answer, that's all. WORST Service I ever seen. 
 HTC has Blinkfeed, Zoe in Camera, and Stereo Speaker, which is sound quality is clear and big. 
 NOOB; And also, I feel Poor to you because you are wasting your money on S4, oh wait maybe you are rich, my friend's S4 notification tone ringing only for 2-3 seconds, so he go to Service Center for some repair or information, the Samsung People only simply gave him answer, that's all. WORST Service I ever seen.; HTC has Blinkfeed, Zoe in Camera, and Stereo Speaker, which is sound quality is clear and big.; NOOB
ShoManAdeh, 20 Jul 2013Ok lets see, What does S4 have over htc One: 01. S4 is 15 grams lighter than One 02. Displ... moreStop Trolling at here. Although I didn't own an One but you think majority of the S4 features is create by Samsung, NO, Samsung have copied many features off other phone, now Samsung Galaxy S4 Active have copied Xperia Z water resistant, Samsung did not have any Creative and innovation, Shamesung Troll"er" get out off here.; Stop Trolling at here. Although I didn't own an One but you think majority of the S4 features is create by Samsung, NO, Samsung have copied many features off other phone, now Samsung Galaxy S4 Active have copied Xperia Z water resistant, Samsung did not have any Creative and innovation, Shamesung Troll"er" get out off here.
gabriel007, 21 Jul 2013Bcoz look matters and iPhone is best in it..hardware is seen only for lags..in iPhone there is... moreThere is also lag in iPhone, I can see the lag whenever I press the home button in the apple iPhone. It shows some kind of sucking action, look like animation of some kind which cannot be turned off. This is where the lags is shown in iphone.When compare to htc one or other android phone, this kind of animation can be turned off , so there is no way that iPhone is lag free because it shows lag on every press of the button or icon due to that sucking action.; There is also lag in iPhone, I can see the lag whenever I press the home button in the apple iPhone. It shows some kind of sucking action, look like animation of some kind which cannot be turned off. This is where the lags is shown in iphone.When compare to htc one or other android phone, this kind of animation can be turned off , so there is no way that iPhone is lag free because it shows lag on every press of the button or icon due to that sucking action.
notty, 21 Jul 2013I owned a S4 which I recently replaced with HTC One.. Despite being 'octa' core & 2GB of ... moreYou know that its hard to connect to an office network right? If not maybe you can ask a friend from the it department so that you can change settings to be ablle to use the wifi network. Even if u know the password it can still be protected or may have proxy settings.; You know that its hard to connect to an office network right? If not maybe you can ask a friend from the it department so that you can change settings to be ablle to use the wifi network. Even if u know the password it can still be protected or may have proxy settings.
gabriel007, 21 Jul 2013Bcoz look matters and iPhone is best in it..hardware is seen only for lags..in iPhone there is... moreLag free... Really... I havent seen a phone completely lag free. All does once in a while. Its not the only important thing people ask for their phones. And its not the best looking either. And if it was, they did not mske it properly because its so easy todamage what you call "the best looking" phone. And guess what, a lot of people would choose a lagging phone over one that does not have an sd slot and file transfers may it be bluetooth or phone to pc vice versa. Go brag about your iphone in its own page not here.; Lag free... Really... I havent seen a phone completely lag free. All does once in a while. Its not the only important thing people ask for their phones. And its not the best looking either. And if it was, they did not mske it properly because its so easy todamage what you call "the best looking" phone. And guess what, a lot of people would choose a lagging phone over one that does not have an sd slot and file transfers may it be bluetooth or phone to pc vice versa. Go brag about your iphone in its own page not here.
Anonymous, 20 Jul 2013 The iPhone 5 is all but useless. The One, along with the S4 and Xperia Z demolish it. I can't... moreBcoz look matters and iPhone is best in it..hardware is seen only for lags..in iPhone there is no lag no hang and best looking device..people ask for lag free device in dual core was enough for that..octa core is useless..thats why they compare it,..; Bcoz look matters and iPhone is best in it..hardware is seen only for lags..in iPhone there is no lag no hang and best looking device..people ask for lag free device in dual core was enough for that..octa core is useless..thats why they compare it,..
I owned a S4 which I recently replaced with HTC One..
 Despite being 'octa' core & 2GB of memory, the S4 lags - it really lags! Not to forget the heating of the device + relatively poor battery life..and yes its updated with the latest I9500XWUBMG1 firmware.
 
 HTC One on the other hand is a real breeze!; I owned a S4 which I recently replaced with HTC One..; Despite being 'octa' core & 2GB of memory, the S4 lags - it really lags! Not to forget the heating of the device + relatively poor battery life..and yes its updated with the latest I9500XWUBMG1 firmware.; HTC One on the other hand is a real breeze!
My HTC One can not stay connected with my Office's Wifi Network. It connects for a while and then shows that it's connected to the network but i can not use internet. Anyone else facing this problem? Any Solution to this problem? Guys please help.
 
 Furthermore, I face problems copying Arabic text messages. English messages can be copied easily but whenever i try to copy Arabic text message my HTC One does not show me the command to copy it. Does anyone else facing this problem?; My HTC One can not stay connected with my Office's Wifi Network. It connects for a while and then shows that it's connected to the network but i can not use internet. Anyone else facing this problem? Any Solution to this problem? Guys please help.; Furthermore, I face problems copying Arabic text messages. English messages can be copied easily but whenever i try to copy Arabic text message my HTC One does not show me the command to copy it. Does anyone else facing this problem?
mastermind, 19 Jul 2013no dude you are mistaken htc is worlds best number 1 phone beating iphone 5 s4 and xperia z pl... moreOk lets see, What does S4 have over htc One:
 01. S4 is 15 grams lighter than One
 02. Display is SAMOLED vs. 2000 Years old LCD
 03. S4's Display is bigger than One's one
 04. Corning v3 glass for S4 vs. Corning v2
 05. Memory slot vs. no slot (easy to pick, right?)
 06. Samsung's TouchWiz is one of the best UI's out there
 07. wlan has no dual-band in HTC One
 08. Bluetooth EDR, LE for S4 and nothing for HTC
 09. USB On-the-go and USB Host are missing too on HTC
 10. 13 Megapixel vs. 4 Megapixels of HTC (albeit Hyperpixel or Gigapixel or Superpixel)
 11. Android 4.2.2 vs. 4.1.2
 12. Exynos 5 Octa 5410 (simply the best around) against Snapdragon 600 for HTC
 13. Octa Cores 1.9GHz CPU vs. Quad Cores of 1.7GHz
 14. Sensors (barometer, temperature, humidity, gesture) are on almost no other phone than S4, and only that make S4 coolest gadget around.
 15. another cool gadget for SAM is Wireless charging
 16. One other cool thing, S-Voice natural language commands and dictation for S4
 17. and three other one's, Smart stay, Smart pause, Smart scroll for S4
 18. Air gestures are another cool stuff that S4 offers and no other phone has
 19. NFC is standard on S4 and on One Market dependent
 20. Removable Li-Ion 2600 mAh battery against NON-Removable 2300 mAh for HTC
 21. S4 is much cheaper than One
 
 Now what does htc One have over S4
 1. Good looks (differs from person to person)
 2. can't think of anything else!!!!
 3. Help me find another one for One!!???
 4. No, nothing ......
 
 Now, in the end you have to decide either your going to pay a lot more for a lot less or you will be smart as me and buy none of them until they are much cheaper. looooool; Ok lets see, What does S4 have over htc One:; 01. S4 is 15 grams lighter than One; 02. Display is SAMOLED vs. 2000 Years old LCD; 03. S4's Display is bigger than One's one; 04. Corning v3 glass for S4 vs. Corning v2; 05. Memory slot vs. no slot (easy to pick, right?); 06. Samsung's TouchWiz is one of the best UI's out there; 07. wlan has no dual-band in HTC One; 08. Bluetooth EDR, LE for S4 and nothing for HTC; 09. USB On-the-go and USB Host are missing too on HTC; 10. 13 Megapixel vs. 4 Megapixels of HTC (albeit Hyperpixel or Gigapixel or Superpixel); 11. Android 4.2.2 vs. 4.1.2; 12. Exynos 5 Octa 5410 (simply the best around) against Snapdragon 600 for HTC; 13. Octa Cores 1.9GHz CPU vs. Quad Cores of 1.7GHz; 14. Sensors (barometer, temperature, humidity, gesture) are on almost no other phone than S4, and only that make S4 coolest gadget around.; 15. another cool gadget for SAM is Wireless charging; 16. One other cool thing, S-Voice natural language commands and dictation for S4; 17. and three other one's, Smart stay, Smart pause, Smart scroll for S4; 18. Air gestures are another cool stuff that S4 offers and no other phone has; 19. NFC is standard on S4 and on One Market dependent; 20. Removable Li-Ion 2600 mAh battery against NON-Removable 2300 mAh for HTC; 21. S4 is much cheaper than One; Now what does htc One have over S4; 1. Good looks (differs from person to person); 2. can't think of anything else!!!!; 3. Help me find another one for One!!???; 4. No, nothing ......; Now, in the end you have to decide either your going to pay a lot more for a lot less or you will be smart as me and buy none of them until they are much cheaper. looooool
After updated to jelly bean 4.2.2, have problem with the camera. Now its looks more purple than before. Anyone have same problem? Anyway to fix this?; After updated to jelly bean 4.2.2, have problem with the camera. Now its looks more purple than before. Anyone have same problem? Anyway to fix this?
Limbtz, 20 Jul 2013does anyone have problem with battery after upgraded to 4.2.2? it drains pretty fast on mine. ... moreDid you turn on the power saver mode and turn off data and wifi when not used?; Did you turn on the power saver mode and turn off data and wifi when not used?
Hafiz76, 20 Jul 2013same here man, my phone draining pretty fastSame here ...; Same here ...
mastermind, 19 Jul 2013no dude you are mistaken htc is worlds best number 1 phone beating iphone 5 s4 and xperia z pl... more Oh, and both the Xperia Z and S4 are better than the One.; Oh, and both the Xperia Z and S4 are better than the One.
Apple Saint, 19 Jul 2013HTC 1 is the second best handset in the world after Apple iphone 5 The iPhone 5 is all but useless. The One, along with the S4 and Xperia Z demolish it. I can't understand why people are comparing the latest generation of Android phones with Apple's obsolete featurephone.; The iPhone 5 is all but useless. The One, along with the S4 and Xperia Z demolish it. I can't understand why people are comparing the latest generation of Android phones with Apple's obsolete featurephone.
Limbtz, 20 Jul 2013does anyone have problem with battery after upgraded to 4.2.2? it drains pretty fast on mine. ... moresame here man, my phone draining pretty fast; same here man, my phone draining pretty fast
does anyone have problem with battery after upgraded to 4.2.2? it drains pretty fast on mine. Also, wechat is stock app now?; does anyone have problem with battery after upgraded to 4.2.2? it drains pretty fast on mine. Also, wechat is stock app now?
mastermind, 19 Jul 2013no dude you are mistaken htc is worlds best number 1 phone beating iphone 5 s4 and xperia z pl... morePls let me know bcos i am comparing s4,iphone5 with htc; Pls let me know bcos i am comparing s4,iphone5 with htc
Htc 1 has 4mp camera or 4altra pixcel camera; Htc 1 has 4mp camera or 4altra pixcel camera
cnu.one, 20 Jul 2013I have a unlocked HTC one which i got from USA.. am using that in India now.. but am not getti... moreWe are on the same predicament,Mine I bought it in Australia, But since Australia do not have the update yet like USA. I still dont receive the update Despite you in a country which has the update already.; We are on the same predicament,Mine I bought it in Australia, But since Australia do not have the update yet like USA. I still dont receive the update Despite you in a country which has the update already.
I have a unlocked HTC one which i got from USA.. am using that in India now.. but am not getting the 4.2.2 update on my device, when i tried checking.. could someone pls tell me why???; I have a unlocked HTC one which i got from USA.. am using that in India now.. but am not getting the 4.2.2 update on my device, when i tried checking.. could someone pls tell me why???
[deleted post]Yes true because u can't afford it. Ryt?? Stop trolling.; Yes true because u can't afford it. Ryt?? Stop trolling.
i m confused as it is written 4mp camera....i mean 4mpits very low....no idea abt thats written after 4mp...plz explain; i m confused as it is written 4mp camera....i mean 4mpits very low....no idea abt thats written after 4mp...plz explain
Bought it this week. Simply amazing phone from built to functionality everything is perfect.; Bought it this week. Simply amazing phone from built to functionality everything is perfect.
10 Days then i get this MONSTER can not wait.; 10 Days then i get this MONSTER can not wait.
Apple Saint, 19 Jul 2013HTC 1 is the second best handset in the world after Apple iphone 5no dude you are mistaken htc is worlds best number 1 phone beating iphone 5 s4 and xperia z please use google; no dude you are mistaken htc is worlds best number 1 phone beating iphone 5 s4 and xperia z please use google
got the update. didnt get to see any significant change. any way my HTC One is best the way its now. and about the so called comparison between S4 and One, i had both and sold S4. i think HTC One is better among the two, aside the build quality, S4 screen is too un realistic, hurts my eyes. the only deal breaker for HTC One may be the non replaceable battery. after spending 600$ if i dont feel good holding the phone than what good its for?; got the update. didnt get to see any significant change. any way my HTC One is best the way its now. and about the so called comparison between S4 and One, i had both and sold S4. i think HTC One is better among the two, aside the build quality, S4 screen is too un realistic, hurts my eyes. the only deal breaker for HTC One may be the non replaceable battery. after spending 600$ if i dont feel good holding the phone than what good its for?
Hope there is also waterproof smart watch camera phone from HTC like what LG did last 2010. Sony made a bluetooth watch where you need your real smart phone within your range but its not as good as what LG did where you can insert a different sim card to ensure to receive all important calls and messages as well as instantly sending messages and making calls. Its a very useful device for active people who spend their day most on sports like swimming running dancing and other physical activities which I do not understand why only less cellphone manufacturers follow LG with this concept.; Hope there is also waterproof smart watch camera phone from HTC like what LG did last 2010. Sony made a bluetooth watch where you need your real smart phone within your range but its not as good as what LG did where you can insert a different sim card to ensure to receive all important calls and messages as well as instantly sending messages and making calls. Its a very useful device for active people who spend their day most on sports like swimming running dancing and other physical activities which I do not understand why only less cellphone manufacturers follow LG with this concept.
can you guys do another review or updated one for this great phone after the software update to 4.2.2; can you guys do another review or updated one for this great phone after the software update to 4.2.2
Techno J., 19 Jul 2013Yeh bro, I hate people how trolling here and bashing towards HTC without no reason. But the ul... moreMine is more worst, got someone use Lumia to compare with Xperia Z and say that Lumia is more better than Xperia Z, I gotta fainted!!!! @@; Mine is more worst, got someone use Lumia to compare with Xperia Z and say that Lumia is more better than Xperia Z, I gotta fainted!!!! @@
Night of Xperia Z, 19 Jul 2013Yo, pal. Long time no see you, still remember me??? My old account is New Moon.D.Zero. Pal, ... moreYeh bro, I hate people how trolling here and bashing towards HTC without no reason. But the ultimate truth is they even don't have any HTC phone.; Yeh bro, I hate people how trolling here and bashing towards HTC without no reason. But the ultimate truth is they even don't have any HTC phone.
Techno J., 19 Jul 2013If you like to your s4 so much, then why did you waste your time here????????Yo, pal. Long time no see you, still remember me??? My old account is New Moon.D.Zero. 
 Pal, dun care about this Samsung Troll, dun wasting your precious time on that, better you use your time to help other Htc One user. I also doing like that, keep helping other Xperia Z user. Hehe; Yo, pal. Long time no see you, still remember me??? My old account is New Moon.D.Zero.; Pal, dun care about this Samsung Troll, dun wasting your precious time on that, better you use your time to help other Htc One user. I also doing like that, keep helping other Xperia Z user. Hehe
Partha195, 19 Jul 2013Techno Thanks man for the update, Can you tell me whether there is any significant change in t... moreNothing much changed in charging time. However I felt that I can charge around 10-15 min earlier than before the update.; Nothing much changed in charging time. However I felt that I can charge around 10-15 min earlier than before the update.
-LAS-AK 47, 19 Jul 2013master piece of what ?? s4 is far far far better then htc one only the plastec cover in s4 is... moreIf you like to your s4 so much, then why did you waste your time here????????; If you like to your s4 so much, then why did you waste your time here????????
Got the JB 4.2.2 updated here in Mangalore, india to my new HTC One....just yesterday recieved the update of about 456MB.....smooth as butter is my HTC ONE now....widgets can be added on to the lockscreen itself, highlight videos have got 6 new themes superb ones that is, long press home button launches google now, battery level can be seen in status bar itself, notification toggles are enabled with ease of access, back button works now to get to home while in menu bar, phone can be updated without keeping the backup, cudnt check photosphere option though as mentioned earlier in the update.....overall, this has been a very good update....wished, they cud have added option to remove all the running apps in multi task windows all at once.; Got the JB 4.2.2 updated here in Mangalore, india to my new HTC One....just yesterday recieved the update of about 456MB.....smooth as butter is my HTC ONE now....widgets can be added on to the lockscreen itself, highlight videos have got 6 new themes superb ones that is, long press home button launches google now, battery level can be seen in status bar itself, notification toggles are enabled with ease of access, back button works now to get to home while in menu bar, phone can be updated without keeping the backup, cudnt check photosphere option though as mentioned earlier in the update.....overall, this has been a very good update....wished, they cud have added option to remove all the running apps in multi task windows all at once.
Is it phone HTC One , battery practical ?; Is it phone HTC One , battery practical ?
best phone i have ever seen!!!; best phone i have ever seen!!!
Partha195, 18 Jul 2013After updating, can you let us know what are the major difference which you can see after the ... moreanother change is that developer options menu is gone.; another change is that developer options menu is gone.
Developers menu is gone...; Developers menu is gone...
-LAS-AK 47, 19 Jul 2013master piece of what ?? s4 is far far far better then htc one only the plastec cover in s4 is... moreNew update in s4 makes phone heat up so much.; New update in s4 makes phone heat up so much.
Nexus is best; Nexus is best
HTC 1 is the second best handset in the world after Apple iphone 5; HTC 1 is the second best handset in the world after Apple iphone 5
amit, 18 Jul 2013Go for HTC one..its a master piece..don't waste your money in S4..its plastic crap!!master piece of what ??
 s4 is far far far better then htc one only the plastec cover in s4 is ugly .
 i love my s4; master piece of what ??; s4 is far far far better then htc one only the plastec cover in s4 is ugly .; i love my s4
Ty G., 19 Jul 2013congrats, mate:)I still dont have the update since it does not started rolling out in Australia yet; I still dont have the update since it does not started rolling out in Australia yet
rizwankhanani, 18 Jul 2013Kounsa handset lu htc one ya s4htc one gud qulatity phone ...awesome; htc one gud qulatity phone ...awesome
Techno J., 19 Jul 2013* Enhanced the performance of the camera. * Improved Zoe features. Six new video highlight ... moreTechno Thanks man for the update, Can you tell me whether there is any significant change in the battery charge time... it takes ages to charge the battery from 0 to 100... :[
 Would be much happier if there is any update about the battery charge time if you have noted any?; Techno Thanks man for the update, Can you tell me whether there is any significant change in the battery charge time... it takes ages to charge the battery from 0 to 100... :[; Would be much happier if there is any update about the battery charge time if you have noted any?
MohammedNestle, 19 Jul 2013I have a iPhone 5 now that is excellent but I like change and I want to buy htc one Do you advise meDepends on what kind of apple fan are u. If ur a die hard apple fan that has his mind closed on other things then u wont be happy with the one. I personally dont buy apple because of microsd slot and file transfers over pc. Itunes doesnt recognize a lot of formats which u have to do a lot of converting first. I do like watching movies in my phone so thats a deal breaker. I wont buy the stupid things other people r saying about cloud. Transfering via sd slot is still much easier. Htc phones r very good, my htc desire is still with me without and problems and how long has it been released. I gave it to my mom and bought xe. sold Xe to try s3 but wasnt happy then now bought the butterfly. Im really happy with htc. Never failed me.; Depends on what kind of apple fan are u. If ur a die hard apple fan that has his mind closed on other things then u wont be happy with the one. I personally dont buy apple because of microsd slot and file transfers over pc. Itunes doesnt recognize a lot of formats which u have to do a lot of converting first. I do like watching movies in my phone so thats a deal breaker. I wont buy the stupid things other people r saying about cloud. Transfering via sd slot is still much easier. Htc phones r very good, my htc desire is still with me without and problems and how long has it been released. I gave it to my mom and bought xe. sold Xe to try s3 but wasnt happy then now bought the butterfly. Im really happy with htc. Never failed me.
I have a iPhone 5 now that is excellent but I like change and I want to buy htc one Do you advise me; I have a iPhone 5 now that is excellent but I like change and I want to buy htc one Do you advise me
is updating to 4.2.2 from vietnam; is updating to 4.2.2 from vietnam
Partha195, 18 Jul 2013After updating, can you let us know what are the major difference which you can see after the ... more* Enhanced the performance of the camera.
 
 * Improved Zoe features. Six new video highlight thems.
 
 * It's appears as a percentage of the battery on notification bar.
 
 * I felt the phone is 15% faster than before the update.
 
 * Swipe up from Home to launch Google Now.
 
 * Removal of the black bar, making Home button the menu bar.
 
 Those are the main differences that I found after the update.; * Enhanced the performance of the camera.; * Improved Zoe features. Six new video highlight thems.; * It's appears as a percentage of the battery on notification bar.; * I felt the phone is 15% faster than before the update.; * Swipe up from Home to launch Google Now.; * Removal of the black bar, making Home button the menu bar.; Those are the main differences that I found after the update.
4MP camera?hell. i'd rather buy S4; 4MP camera?hell. i'd rather buy S4
jack, 18 Jul 2013Did the update 4.2.2 rolling out in Australiacongrats, mate:); congrats, mate:)
are yaar rizwan bhai go for the htc one......if u will buy samsung galaxy s4 then it will be good,but according to me all the samsung galaxy phones are similar in look,specs wise both are same but the build qulaity of htc one throws away the samsung galaxy s4; are yaar rizwan bhai go for the htc one......if u will buy samsung galaxy s4 then it will be good,but according to me all the samsung galaxy phones are similar in look,specs wise both are same but the build qulaity of htc one throws away the samsung galaxy s4
jACK, 18 Jul 2013Yeah I called up my relative in Australia, and they told me that update 4.2.2 update is still ... moreIm in Australia with HTC one M7 it has TrickDroid 7.0.0 installed and now running on 4.2.2 everything working perfect and good cam and battery cheers TAB . . . .; Im in Australia with HTC one M7 it has TrickDroid 7.0.0 installed and now running on 4.2.2 everything working perfect and good cam and battery cheers TAB . . . .
hello
 I want to buy HTC ONE. currently m using galaxy NOTE II I have heard that this is the ultimate phone.
 Just tell me, is the battery backup of HTC ONE enough to work for whole day with music and simple apps like fb and whatsapp. Everyone is saying, just think of battery backup period. As it has less features than s4, please tell me if its better than s4?; hello; I want to buy HTC ONE. currently m using galaxy NOTE II I have heard that this is the ultimate phone.; Just tell me, is the battery backup of HTC ONE enough to work for whole day with music and simple apps like fb and whatsapp. Everyone is saying, just think of battery backup period. As it has less features than s4, please tell me if its better than s4?
rizwankhanani, 18 Jul 2013Kounsa handset lu htc one ya s4Go for HTC one..its a master piece..don't waste your money in S4..its plastic crap!!; Go for HTC one..its a master piece..don't waste your money in S4..its plastic crap!!
Which one better htc one or samsung s4; Which one better htc one or samsung s4
Kounsa handset lu htc one ya s4; Kounsa handset lu htc one ya s4
Which one best htc one or samsung s4; Which one best htc one or samsung s4
Can any one tell what is the result in benchmaek test such as Antutu, quardrant, etc. after teh update to 4.2.2. Thanks
 I just want to kno whether the results are better than S4 with the same procesor and hardware.; Can any one tell what is the result in benchmaek test such as Antutu, quardrant, etc. after teh update to 4.2.2. Thanks; I just want to kno whether the results are better than S4 with the same procesor and hardware.
Finally updated to 4.2.2 in India....... !!!!!! loving it *_*; Finally updated to 4.2.2 in India....... !!!!!! loving it *_*
After updating, can you let us know what are the major difference which you can see after the update? 
 Thanks in advance!! :]; After updating, can you let us know what are the major difference which you can see after the update?; Thanks in advance!! :]
Updating to 4.2.2
 It's an Indian handset and updating from NY.
 
 :); Updating to 4.2.2; It's an Indian handset and updating from NY.; :)
Anonymous, 18 Jul 2013did you notice a shorter charging time after updating your htc one? Yes from 3hrs down to 2hrs.; Yes from 3hrs down to 2hrs.
Congrats to htc one users in india enjoy the update!; Congrats to htc one users in india enjoy the update!
MohammedNestle, 18 Jul 2013Which is better, the iPhone 5 or HTC One ?Go for HTC one..I will love this phone most than iPhone 5. This phone is zero lagg.. fast and smooth..; Go for HTC one..I will love this phone most than iPhone 5. This phone is zero lagg.. fast and smooth..
Did the update 4.2.2 rolling out in Australia; Did the update 4.2.2 rolling out in Australia
finally update is available in india...; finally update is available in india...
finally !!!!! 4.2.2 in INDIA....first a minor 1.46 Mb application update and then u will be able to do the system update of 436.86Mb...(Software update>2.24.707.3); finally !!!!! 4.2.2 in INDIA....first a minor 1.46 Mb application update and then u will be able to do the system update of 436.86Mb...(Software update>2.24.707.3)
finally update in india
 ................; finally update in india; ................
finally update in india..; finally update in india..
Got the update in india today; Got the update in india today
It has started seeding guys here in India.. first the bug patch and then the 436.86 MB download.; It has started seeding guys here in India.. first the bug patch and then the 436.86 MB download.
Tcool, 18 Jul 2013Yeah, OS update depends on the country from which the unit is originated from. Maybe update is... moreYeah I called up my relative in Australia, and they told me that update 4.2.2 update is still not rolling in the land of Down Under.; Yeah I called up my relative in Australia, and they told me that update 4.2.2 update is still not rolling in the land of Down Under.
rohan, 18 Jul 2013is there possible zoom by pinching during playing video..??of course! since htc one x; of course! since htc one x
MohammedNestle, 18 Jul 2013Honestly admire this phone but hesitant to buy, because they say the battery is too weak Is th... more...battery back will get full day...; ...battery back will get full day...
jack, 18 Jul 2013I am from the Philippines, almost everybody got the update but i am one of the unlucky one who... moreYeah, OS update depends on the country from which the unit is originated from. Maybe update is not yet available in Australia. You should have bought the unit from your country, at least your unit will be updated now.
 
 Nowadays buying unit from other country is not cool enough because of this reason.; Yeah, OS update depends on the country from which the unit is originated from. Maybe update is not yet available in Australia. You should have bought the unit from your country, at least your unit will be updated now.; Nowadays buying unit from other country is not cool enough because of this reason.
is there possible zoom by pinching during playing video..??; is there possible zoom by pinching during playing video..??
did you notice a shorter charging time after updating your htc one?; did you notice a shorter charging time after updating your htc one?
siddartha, 17 Jul 2013did the battery life is sufficient enough,normally in HTC the battery will have less capacity ... morebattery life of HTC one depends of your usage. medium to heavy usage data plan is on, the battery life would last for a day. low to medium usage it will last for 2 days. sufficient battery life for me; battery life of HTC one depends of your usage. medium to heavy usage data plan is on, the battery life would last for a day. low to medium usage it will last for 2 days. sufficient battery life for me
Which is better, the iPhone 5 or HTC One ?; Which is better, the iPhone 5 or HTC One ?
Anonymous, 18 Jul 2013No, battery is enough for a day with moderate usage. Thank you very much; Thank you very much
I have a iPhone 5 now that is excellent but I like change and I want to buy htc one Do you advise me; I have a iPhone 5 now that is excellent but I like change and I want to buy htc one Do you advise me
MohammedNestle, 18 Jul 2013Honestly admire this phone but hesitant to buy, because they say the battery is too weak Is th... moreNo, battery is enough for a day with moderate usage.; No, battery is enough for a day with moderate usage.
Honestly admire this phone but hesitant to buy, because they say the battery is too weak Is this true?; Honestly admire this phone but hesitant to buy, because they say the battery is too weak Is this true?
shaju, 17 Jul 2013Iam from india no updates receivd yetI think India will not receive the update.; I think India will not receive the update.
shaju, 17 Jul 2013Iam from india no updates receivd yetI am from the Philippines, almost everybody got the update but i am one of the unlucky one who did not get it yet. My Handset is Australian version that may be the reason why.; I am from the Philippines, almost everybody got the update but i am one of the unlucky one who did not get it yet. My Handset is Australian version that may be the reason why.
Iam from india no updates receivd yet; Iam from india no updates receivd yet
Sana, 16 Jul 2013Please help me i wanna buy htc 1 but which color is more decent ? Black or White ?????silver looks lovely, and the black will scratch easily; silver looks lovely, and the black will scratch easily
Anonymous, 16 Jul 2013Go for Silver its a class in itself...Feature of this phone along with silver color I will say... moreI have just received this phone and for sure, it is the world's number one - black or white just cool and awesome indeed.; I have just received this phone and for sure, it is the world's number one - black or white just cool and awesome indeed.
zyhtconebeast, 16 Jul 2013Settings> Displays> Home button> Swipe up for Google nowMany thanks to you,it works,I don't see the 3 dots anymore,I got the full screen right now,u r brilliant.
 
 Setting,display,home button,"Swipe up for Google now,press and hold for menu".; Many thanks to you,it works,I don't see the 3 dots anymore,I got the full screen right now,u r brilliant.; Setting,display,home button,"Swipe up for Google now,press and hold for menu".
zyhtconebeast, 16 Jul 2013Settings> Displays> Home button> Swipe up for Google nowMany thanks to you,it worked now,I don't see the 3 dots anymore on the apps,I got the full screen,thanks u a lot,u r brilliant.; Many thanks to you,it worked now,I don't see the 3 dots anymore on the apps,I got the full screen,thanks u a lot,u r brilliant.
Chebulla, 17 Jul 2013Just the specifications don't mean everything. Indeed the One is the better phone of the two. ;) By what measure? Does the unibody make up for the camera? Possibly not.; By what measure? Does the unibody make up for the camera? Possibly not.
Drfardeen , 16 Jul 2013Went thru specifications of all new smartphones, feels like s4 is da best, am gonna get S4Just the specifications don't mean everything. Indeed the One is the better phone of the two. ;); Just the specifications don't mean everything. Indeed the One is the better phone of the two. ;)
Guys i want to buy this phone but any one can tell me tht whether its having lagg problem nd how much of free ram i'll get to use. how much internal memory i'll get after updating htc one 4.2.2 ????????; Guys i want to buy this phone but any one can tell me tht whether its having lagg problem nd how much of free ram i'll get to use. how much internal memory i'll get after updating htc one 4.2.2 ????????
netRipper, 17 Jul 2013Anyone having Camera Red tint issue under low light? Mine just goes to red instead of pitch b... moreYa, i am also facing the same issue. I am from India; Ya, i am also facing the same issue. I am from India
Anyone having Camera Red tint issue under low light?
 Mine just goes to red instead of pitch black in dark environments..!; Anyone having Camera Red tint issue under low light?; Mine just goes to red instead of pitch black in dark environments..!
I usually never had the urge to give an opinion / review of a smartphone but for the HTC One, I just felt I had to because this phone is more than I ever expected before.. 
 
 I had this phone for about 2 months and until now I have no complaints whatsoever on this phones, yes it's not a perfect phone but still it delivers the best experience of a smartphone in my opinion.
 
 I really love how Zoe, its Live Gallery and its Video Highlights compliment each other and gives me a whole different experience of enjoying moments that I have captured.
 
 The dual front speaker? -- I'm amazed, this simple thing makes a huge differences on how I enjoy media in my phone..
 
 Those two features alone could have made me fascinated with the HTC One.. But the thing is this phone still have so much more to offer! Blinkfeed is beautiful and I love it being as my main home screen, I even restrain myself from using a launcher because I still want Blinkfeed in my home screen.. Also SenseTV, it's actually a simple feature, but again, I found myself checking and setting up a reminder of my favorite show on my phone rather than using the original EPG option.. It's just so much simpler.. 
 
 I could go on and on about things that I love on my HTC One.. But believe me, you just have to try it yourself. 
 
 For me this the best phone of 2013 :); I usually never had the urge to give an opinion / review of a smartphone but for the HTC One, I just felt I had to because this phone is more than I ever expected before..; I had this phone for about 2 months and until now I have no complaints whatsoever on this phones, yes it's not a perfect phone but still it delivers the best experience of a smartphone in my opinion.; I really love how Zoe, its Live Gallery and its Video Highlights compliment each other and gives me a whole different experience of enjoying moments that I have captured.; The dual front speaker? -- I'm amazed, this simple thing makes a huge differences on how I enjoy media in my phone..; Those two features alone could have made me fascinated with the HTC One.. But the thing is this phone still have so much more to offer! Blinkfeed is beautiful and I love it being as my main home screen, I even restrain myself from using a launcher because I still want Blinkfeed in my home screen.. Also SenseTV, it's actually a simple feature, but again, I found myself checking and setting up a reminder of my favorite show on my phone rather than using the original EPG option.. It's just so much simpler..; I could go on and on about things that I love on my HTC One.. But believe me, you just have to try it yourself.; For me this the best phone of 2013 :)
did the battery life is sufficient enough,normally in HTC the battery will have less capacity than other ones,How abt this HTC 1,wheather is okay or not; did the battery life is sufficient enough,normally in HTC the battery will have less capacity than other ones,How abt this HTC 1,wheather is okay or not
Venkatesh, 16 Jul 2013Please advise me how to switch off Auto tutorials, word prediction while messaging of SMS On H... moreFollow these steps
 
 go to Settings/tap Language & Keyboard/HTC Sense input/then tap Advance/untick the Word prediction.
 
 That's it.; Follow these steps; go to Settings/tap Language & Keyboard/HTC Sense input/then tap Advance/untick the Word prediction.; That's it.
Sana, 16 Jul 2013Please help me i wanna buy htc 1 but which color is more decent ? Black or White ?????I bought a silver colour. I found the black one getting lot of finger print on back side and they are easily visible than the silver one. And the silver on looks more attractive than the black one.; I bought a silver colour. I found the black one getting lot of finger print on back side and they are easily visible than the silver one. And the silver on looks more attractive than the black one.
Sana, 16 Jul 2013Please help me i wanna buy htc 1 but which color is more decent ? Black or White ?????I bought a silver colour. I found the black one getting lot of finger print on back side and they are easily visible than the silver one. And the silver on looks more attractive than the black one.; I bought a silver colour. I found the black one getting lot of finger print on back side and they are easily visible than the silver one. And the silver on looks more attractive than the black one.
shoeb, 16 Jul 2013How can i make a video call in htc one ? Please help me you could easily install any video calling app from the playstore.. i went for the "we-chat" app; you could easily install any video calling app from the playstore.. i went for the "we-chat" app
Sana, 16 Jul 2013Please help me i wanna buy htc 1 but which color is more decent ? Black or White ?????either color will do, initially i wanted black, but at the last minute i went for the silver, and i have a transparent case to "show off" its premium finish; either color will do, initially i wanted black, but at the last minute i went for the silver, and i have a transparent case to "show off" its premium finish
The backsides of htc one look identical with sony xperia ion if you look closely o. O; The backsides of htc one look identical with sony xperia ion if you look closely o. O
it's 4 ultra pixel not 4 mega pixel , each ultra pixel's quality is like 4 mega pixel so it's 16 megapixel. the information you have about the camera is wrong; it's 4 ultra pixel not 4 mega pixel , each ultra pixel's quality is like 4 mega pixel so it's 16 megapixel. the information you have about the camera is wrong
Venkatesh, 16 Jul 2013Please advise me how to switch off Auto tutorials, word prediction while messaging of SMS On H... more@Venkatesh
 Dude, I dont you can turn off the "auto spell correction" in HTC One. However, you can download Siine Keyboard at the Play Store, its free. Then, you dont have to worry about the auto spell/words cmpletion. Hope this would help.; @Venkatesh; Dude, I dont you can turn off the "auto spell correction" in HTC One. However, you can download Siine Keyboard at the Play Store, its free. Then, you dont have to worry about the auto spell/words cmpletion. Hope this would help.
Sana, 16 Jul 2013Please help me i wanna buy htc 1 but which color is more decent ? Black or White ?????Go for Silver its a class in itself...Feature of this phone along with silver color I will say nothing could be better than this; Go for Silver its a class in itself...Feature of this phone along with silver color I will say nothing could be better than this
Please help me i wanna buy htc 1 but which color is more decent ? 
 Black 
 
 or
 
 White ?????; Please help me i wanna buy htc 1 but which color is more decent ?; Black; or; White ?????
jACK, 16 Jul 2013Sorry i am losing hope already. When I set up my handset for the first time it says English Au... morePlease advise me how to switch off Auto tutorials, word prediction while messaging of SMS On HTC One cell. It is choosing wrong words and when in hurry it sends some wrong and funny messages due to wrong word selection. It has become a great nuisance. Please urgently SMS the solution Thks in advance
 My email address 60venky@gmail.com; Please advise me how to switch off Auto tutorials, word prediction while messaging of SMS On HTC One cell. It is choosing wrong words and when in hurry it sends some wrong and funny messages due to wrong word selection. It has become a great nuisance. Please urgently SMS the solution Thks in advance; My email address 60venky@gmail.com
updated, 16 Jul 2013I hv updated to v4.2.2,but I still see the 3 dots on the bottom on some apps,why it can't get ... moreGo to settings and change menu key behavior ,three dots will be removed; Go to settings and change menu key behavior ,three dots will be removed
updated, 16 Jul 2013I hv updated to v4.2.2,but I still see the 3 dots on the bottom on some apps,why it can't get ... moreSettings> Displays> Home button> Swipe up for Google now; Settings> Displays> Home button> Swipe up for Google now
should improve Processor 1.7 to 3.0 if possible. No one is giving this instead of Eight-core Quad-core will do but minimum 3.0 processor should give.; should improve Processor 1.7 to 3.0 if possible. No one is giving this instead of Eight-core Quad-core will do but minimum 3.0 processor should give.
Went thru specifications of all new smartphones, feels like s4 is da best, am gonna get S4; Went thru specifications of all new smartphones, feels like s4 is da best, am gonna get S4
How can i make a video call in htc one ? Please help me; How can i make a video call in htc one ? Please help me
The HTC One is a feature rich device that gets a lot right from the start
 Industrial Design: Metal Unibody, light & slim profile which really feels like the premium product that it is.
 
 Dual front facing Boomsound speakers with Beats Audio really was a revelation to me. It makes listening to music direct from the phone a joy; its clear and isn't lacking in power which was totally unexpected when I first heard it.So much for thinking it was just a marketing gimmick!
 
 Blinkfeed is a good new & Social media aggregator, and the Full HD screen makes watching videos a joy, and reading text a breeze. Using the latest Sense software is a lag-free experience thanks to the Quad-core processor, 2GB Ram and good integration done.
 
 The Ultrapixel camera excels in low light and in the right hands, performs quite well in almost all other situations as well. Yes, it can overexpose if you're not careful, but that can be worked around with proper click to focus use, which also adjusts the exposure accordingly. But more importantly, is HTC Zoe & Video Highlights. Would you miss the resolution in some cases, perhaps. But this camera is more than capable of meeting 90 of a typical users' needs.
 
 One feature that isn't too talked about is the optical stabilisation which benefits both photo taking & video. The ability to shoot at 60 FPS, slow motion mode, and also Full HDR video which would be interesting for those who're so creatively inclined.
 
 The IR-blaster was something else that I wasn't sure about at first. Gimmicky? in some ways, yes, but with Sense TV, you do have a Smart Remote with TV guide in your phone now. Found it useful at home and in public areas when testing its usage and range (decent line-of-sight range on it!)
 
 So if you're looking for the best Android device out there, you can hardly go wrong with the superb HTC One!; The HTC One is a feature rich device that gets a lot right from the start; Industrial Design: Metal Unibody, light & slim profile which really feels like the premium product that it is.; Dual front facing Boomsound speakers with Beats Audio really was a revelation to me. It makes listening to music direct from the phone a joy; its clear and isn't lacking in power which was totally unexpected when I first heard it.So much for thinking it was just a marketing gimmick!; Blinkfeed is a good new & Social media aggregator, and the Full HD screen makes watching videos a joy, and reading text a breeze. Using the latest Sense software is a lag-free experience thanks to the Quad-core processor, 2GB Ram and good integration done.; The Ultrapixel camera excels in low light and in the right hands, performs quite well in almost all other situations as well. Yes, it can overexpose if you're not careful, but that can be worked around with proper click to focus use, which also adjusts the exposure accordingly. But more importantly, is HTC Zoe & Video Highlights. Would you miss the resolution in some cases, perhaps. But this camera is more than capable of meeting 90 of a typical users' needs.; One feature that isn't too talked about is the optical stabilisation which benefits both photo taking & video. The ability to shoot at 60 FPS, slow motion mode, and also Full HDR video which would be interesting for those who're so creatively inclined.; The IR-blaster was something else that I wasn't sure about at first. Gimmicky? in some ways, yes, but with Sense TV, you do have a Smart Remote with TV guide in your phone now. Found it useful at home and in public areas when testing its usage and range (decent line-of-sight range on it!); So if you're looking for the best Android device out there, you can hardly go wrong with the superb HTC One!
I love this phone its fast battery is good pictures also very good like the update. But i have dropped it a view times so now it's gone to the repair center, i want my one back; I love this phone its fast battery is good pictures also very good like the update. But i have dropped it a view times so now it's gone to the repair center, i want my one back
I hv updated to v4.2.2,but I still see the 3 dots on the bottom on some apps,why it can't get rid of,can anyone tell me how to remove that irritating 3 dots,I want to hv the full screen.; I hv updated to v4.2.2,but I still see the 3 dots on the bottom on some apps,why it can't get rid of,can anyone tell me how to remove that irritating 3 dots,I want to hv the full screen.
Ty G., 16 Jul 2013Here in the Philippines only the units 801s(asian)and the 801e(taiwan)versions should get the ... moreSorry i am losing hope already. When I set up my handset for the first time it says English Australian so I assumed that this is australian version.One more question how is the update does it bring many changes.; Sorry i am losing hope already. When I set up my handset for the first time it says English Australian so I assumed that this is australian version.One more question how is the update does it bring many changes.
BTW, I didnt get any notifications when the update started seeding here in the Philippines, good thing i was monitoring it among HTC One users in facebook.. so i just went to settings and there it was, did it manually, took me an hour over wifi (1mbps speed).; BTW, I didnt get any notifications when the update started seeding here in the Philippines, good thing i was monitoring it among HTC One users in facebook.. so i just went to settings and there it was, did it manually, took me an hour over wifi (1mbps speed).
jack, 15 Jul 2013I am from manila,philippines ,the problem is i bought my htc one in Robinson's gray market bu... moreHere in the Philippines only the units 801s(asian)and the 801e(taiwan)versions should get the update, 801n(U.S.) and aussie versions wont get it yet:) Patience my friend; Here in the Philippines only the units 801s(asian)and the 801e(taiwan)versions should get the update, 801n(U.S.) and aussie versions wont get it yet:) Patience my friend
Anonymous, 14 Jul 2013This is really surprising that the update still not come in India or certain places in the wor... moreguys, let us not be impatient with the new software update, htc is working out a robust and solid update. Look, samsung is too quick to update an incomplete softwareg ask those who did updated their s4 the phone has been aggravated. So hurry hurry brings worry worry. Iphone is solid due to one complete software update. Htc one proudly owner; guys, let us not be impatient with the new software update, htc is working out a robust and solid update. Look, samsung is too quick to update an incomplete softwareg ask those who did updated their s4 the phone has been aggravated. So hurry hurry brings worry worry. Iphone is solid due to one complete software update. Htc one proudly owner
jack, 15 Jul 2013Kindly help me how to update my htc one manually If you already connected to wifi, just go to "setting", scroll down to "about device", and hit "software update". that's it. If there's no update yet, it means is not available in your hTc One version, just wait... like me waiting the update here in U.S.; If you already connected to wifi, just go to "setting", scroll down to "about device", and hit "software update". that's it. If there's no update yet, it means is not available in your hTc One version, just wait... like me waiting the update here in U.S.
Gabrielo, 15 Jul 2013does htc one have adobe reader for reading pd documents and does it have microsoft office,word... moreYes, it has all readers available on the google play store for free, just like every other android phone ever; Yes, it has all readers available on the google play store for free, just like every other android phone ever
rbnvrmrn, 15 Jul 2013I see that, that maybe the reason why you haven't receive the update yet. mine was bought in s... moreNon i did nothing on this phone.anyway thank you very much. I will wait for another week .after that i will go to htc service center for manual update.; Non i did nothing on this phone.anyway thank you very much. I will wait for another week .after that i will go to htc service center for manual update.
jack, 15 Jul 2013I am from manila,philippines ,the problem is i bought my htc one in Robinson's gray market bu... moreI see that, that maybe the reason why you haven't receive the update yet. mine was bought in singapore (black htc one 64gb), but received the update the time it was released here in pi. you may try to go to the nearest htc serv pro. I know that feeling, the eagernest to receive the update. have you done any modification to your phone? like rooting or changing diff roms?; I see that, that maybe the reason why you haven't receive the update yet. mine was bought in singapore (black htc one 64gb), but received the update the time it was released here in pi. you may try to go to the nearest htc serv pro. I know that feeling, the eagernest to receive the update. have you done any modification to your phone? like rooting or changing diff roms?
Fantastic phone, had for 2 weeks, its been amazing, better than the s4, it is faster even though it has a lower clock speed, it just is snappier, blinkfeed isnt useless, i find myself using it when i'm bored, the only problem is that you can only have 4 home screens and the it overheats, it gets to 42 degress c! an improvement would be making the dock transparent. The 4 megapixel camera is great but only badly notice-able when you zoom in other than the slight quality issue colours are great and low light performance is amazing! this phone gets an 8.75/10!; Fantastic phone, had for 2 weeks, its been amazing, better than the s4, it is faster even though it has a lower clock speed, it just is snappier, blinkfeed isnt useless, i find myself using it when i'm bored, the only problem is that you can only have 4 home screens and the it overheats, it gets to 42 degress c! an improvement would be making the dock transparent. The 4 megapixel camera is great but only badly notice-able when you zoom in other than the slight quality issue colours are great and low light performance is amazing! this phone gets an 8.75/10!
This new update really good battery life become better after 15 hours still got 65% (moderate use) plus charging just 2 half hour this is good...thanks you Htc for bug fixes I crying when you did that. Thanks from Malaysia.; This new update really good battery life become better after 15 hours still got 65% (moderate use) plus charging just 2 half hour this is good...thanks you Htc for bug fixes I crying when you did that. Thanks from Malaysia.
