does the phone stutter with the last 11.2 ios update? should i update? please help; does the phone stutter with the last 11.2 ios update? should i update? please help
i want to buy a phone which should i buy phone iphone 6 or samsung s7 urgently reply tell me which is a good phone; i want to buy a phone which should i buy phone iphone 6 or samsung s7 urgently reply tell me which is a good phone
Pv, 03 Feb 2018Hi friends I am use a I phone 6 in 64gb its 1year old its work so slow and network speed so baad Fake; Fake
I think i phone 6 is a long life cell phone; I think i phone 6 is a long life cell phone
Hi friends I am use a I phone 6 in 64gb its 1year old its work so slow and network speed so baad; Hi friends I am use a I phone 6 in 64gb its 1year old its work so slow and network speed so baad
Hows Special in Iphone 6; Hows Special in Iphone 6
i phone 6 is averry good phone; i phone 6 is averry good phone
christina trinidad, 30 Jan 2018that's better it means that your phone is original. What do you mean Christine? how can you say its original based on the issue he's experiencing?; What do you mean Christine? how can you say its original based on the issue he's experiencing?
asbud, 26 Jan 2018After i Updated my phone to ios 11.2.2 ,my phone auto rotation didnt work, undo box keeps on a... morethat's better it means that your phone is original.; that's better it means that your phone is original.
Hey . I am very confuse to buy new phone i have only 2 options 
 1: iphone 6 
 2: Samsung a5 2017 
 Kindly help ! which Is better phone?; Hey . I am very confuse to buy new phone i have only 2 options; 1: iphone 6; 2: Samsung a5 2017; Kindly help ! which Is better phone?
Mina014, 21 Jan 2018Hi, may i please ask which one is better in terms of camera and battery, Huawei Nova 2i or Iph... moreiPhone 6 is best, produces best quality pictures.; iPhone 6 is best, produces best quality pictures.
iphone 6 A1586 if the model number shall be in B/A or other country is it gsm?? and officially unlocked ???; iphone 6 A1586 if the model number shall be in B/A or other country is it gsm?? and officially unlocked ???
After i Updated my phone to ios 11.2.2 ,my phone auto rotation didnt work, undo box keeps on appearing on the screen and battery started draining , i changed the new battery also but still the problem is not solved, please help me with the suggestion; After i Updated my phone to ios 11.2.2 ,my phone auto rotation didnt work, undo box keeps on appearing on the screen and battery started draining , i changed the new battery also but still the problem is not solved, please help me with the suggestion
Anonymous, 23 Jan 2018Is it worth getting an iPhone 6 when I have an iPhone 5s+Not at all it's slow Nd laggy buy iPhone se or iPhone 6s at least; Not at all it's slow Nd laggy buy iPhone se or iPhone 6s at least
Is it worth getting an iPhone 6 when I have an iPhone 5s+; Is it worth getting an iPhone 6 when I have an iPhone 5s+
Hi, may i please ask which one is better in terms of camera and battery, Huawei Nova 2i or Iphone 6? thanks..; Hi, may i please ask which one is better in terms of camera and battery, Huawei Nova 2i or Iphone 6? thanks..
Should I exchange my lenovo k8 note 64gb with iphone 6 64gb???? Plz suggest guys; Should I exchange my lenovo k8 note 64gb with iphone 6 64gb???? Plz suggest guys
Anonymous, 17 Jan 20182 mp 144pno bro i know there was a user written their that i like nokia and write nokia is the best 
 so thats why i written that; no bro i know there was a user written their that i like nokia and write nokia is the best; so thats why i written that
Assuming Boadi, 15 Dec 2017I bought a brand new phone Iphone 6 from UAE; and it was delivered to me on December 9 in Gha... moreReset the phone; Reset the phone
komaldeep, 16 Jan 2018use nokia 5130 use 42 mp camera hahahahahahahahahahahahaha2 mp 144p; 2 mp 144p
santu, 14 Jan 2018apple's battery always useless specially iPhone 6.. worst phone ever ..that's why I'm using No... moreuse nokia 5130 use 42 mp camera 
 hahahahahahahahahahahahaha; use nokia 5130 use 42 mp camera; hahahahahahahahahahahahaha
santu, 14 Jan 2018apple's battery always useless specially iPhone 6.. worst phone ever ..that's why I'm using No... moreso use ios in it; so use ios in it
Apple 6 iphone...I'm told it sounds like I am talking into a tin can and person(s) on other end can hardly hear me even though I have the volume maxed out. What to do??; Apple 6 iphone...I'm told it sounds like I am talking into a tin can and person(s) on other end can hardly hear me even though I have the volume maxed out. What to do??
Anonymous, 01 Jan 2018You can expand the memory. Search for SanDisk iXpand. You can also share files over Bluetoot... moreThank you very very much for the tip.
 AWESOME.; Thank you very very much for the tip.; AWESOME.
Aaa, 13 Jan 2018I think you should buy any plus model of iPhone if you need a battery apple's battery always useless specially iPhone 6.. worst phone ever ..that's why I'm using Nokia now..they giving better battery backup; apple's battery always useless specially iPhone 6.. worst phone ever ..that's why I'm using Nokia now..they giving better battery backup
Hmpjn, 03 Jan 2018Thank you apple for your crap batteries. I buyed iPhone 5 iPhone 6. After problems with both o... moreI think you should buy any plus model of iPhone if you need a battery; I think you should buy any plus model of iPhone if you need a battery
I have Iphone 6 which have network IC issue still no one I get who can repair that problem; I have Iphone 6 which have network IC issue still no one I get who can repair that problem
ayusavtr, 05 Jan 2018thank you for your feedback. and as how you've said, the wifi greyed out beacuse of hardware d... moreApple may even replace your phone with a new one who knows?; Apple may even replace your phone with a new one who knows?
ayusavtr, 05 Jan 2018thank you for your feedback. and as how you've said, the wifi greyed out beacuse of hardware d... moreThatÂ‘s reasonable; ThatÂ‘s reasonable
Anonymous, 04 Jan 2018I think I already heard about this problem, and sadly, this is hardware related. I know it rea... morethank you for your feedback. and as how you've said, the wifi greyed out beacuse of hardware damage and i just sent it to apple store to fix it today, in my country there's no apple store so i think it will at least 2 weeks till 2 months. I'm considering not using iPhone anymore if it still get problems even after they fix it. ^^; thank you for your feedback. and as how you've said, the wifi greyed out beacuse of hardware damage and i just sent it to apple store to fix it today, in my country there's no apple store so i think it will at least 2 weeks till 2 months. I'm considering not using iPhone anymore if it still get problems even after they fix it. ^^
ayusavtr, 04 Jan 2018I just bought an iPhone 6 on Oct 22, 2017. and this is my second iPhone after my old one (iPho... moreI think I already heard about this problem, and sadly, this is hardware related. I know it really pisses you off, and today, I would not anybody recommend buying an iPhone 6 because this was, by far, the iPhone with the most problems. Media only caught bend gate, but there was much more going on. Besides being a really small improvement from the 5s with almost the same performance and camera, this phone had problems with the front camera moving (a friend of mine experienced that), battery failure, the well-known touch disease, broken OIS on the plus model, and many more not that known. If you can get it replaced cheap, just try to sell it, getting as much out of it as possible, and buy an iPhone 6s (which only has battery problems) or even better, the flawless but pricier iPhone 7. If you are desperate, you always have the chance to contact apple support. And don't annoy yourself too much from it, the iPhone 6s only costs around Â€250 in good condition which is really few money for such a great phone and probably the iPhone with the best value at the moment.; I think I already heard about this problem, and sadly, this is hardware related. I know it really pisses you off, and today, I would not anybody recommend buying an iPhone 6 because this was, by far, the iPhone with the most problems. Media only caught bend gate, but there was much more going on. Besides being a really small improvement from the 5s with almost the same performance and camera, this phone had problems with the front camera moving (a friend of mine experienced that), battery failure, the well-known touch disease, broken OIS on the plus model, and many more not that known. If you can get it replaced cheap, just try to sell it, getting as much out of it as possible, and buy an iPhone 6s (which only has battery problems) or even better, the flawless but pricier iPhone 7. If you are desperate, you always have the chance to contact apple support. And don't annoy yourself too much from it, the iPhone 6s only costs around Â€250 in good condition which is really few money for such a great phone and probably the iPhone with the best value at the moment.
I just bought an iPhone 6 on Oct 22, 2017. and this is my second iPhone after my old one (iPhone 5s) is broken because of out of space and won't turn on forever (i've bring it to some retailer to fix it but they can't fix it after doing it for like a month)
 
 and I hate to say that after 2 months of using the new iPhone 6, suddenly the wifi greyed out. I have no idea why it suddenly turned out so. it has never been fall or something. and fyi i've updated to iOS 11.1 since few days ater i bought it. could it be because the iOS or is it because the hardware? (I've bring it to an official retailer to fix it for software damage and will pick it up tomorrow. please wish me luck, peeps!); I just bought an iPhone 6 on Oct 22, 2017. and this is my second iPhone after my old one (iPhone 5s) is broken because of out of space and won't turn on forever (i've bring it to some retailer to fix it but they can't fix it after doing it for like a month); and I hate to say that after 2 months of using the new iPhone 6, suddenly the wifi greyed out. I have no idea why it suddenly turned out so. it has never been fall or something. and fyi i've updated to iOS 11.1 since few days ater i bought it. could it be because the iOS or is it because the hardware? (I've bring it to an official retailer to fix it for software damage and will pick it up tomorrow. please wish me luck, peeps!)
Thank you apple for your crap batteries. I buyed iPhone 5 iPhone 6. After problems with both of them I change for Huawei mate pro 10.
 Apple no more, batteries are useless.; Thank you apple for your crap batteries. I buyed iPhone 5 iPhone 6. After problems with both of them I change for Huawei mate pro 10.; Apple no more, batteries are useless.
Fabricio Alf, 26 Dec 2017Man... I dont like Apple because I called it like golden prision... HOWEVER... space issues a... moreYou can expand the memory. Search for SanDisk iXpand. 
 You can also share files over Bluetooth. If you want to from IPhone to iPhone, use AirDrop, itÂ‘s that simple. If you want to do it from IPhone to Android, you both have to have an App called SHAREit. Not as simple, but the possibility is there. In fact, many myths that iPhone is unable to do many things arenÂ‘t true anymore. iOS functionality expanded a lot over the years. You can also install Apps from unregistered sources. Again, not as simple as Android APK, but you can do it by installing a so-called Â„profileÂ“ and then the app you want will work, all without jailbreak. You can also customize app icons, but that is really shitty because it takes much longer to open an app and doesnÂ‘t work sometimes.; You can expand the memory. Search for SanDisk iXpand.; You can also share files over Bluetooth. If you want to from IPhone to iPhone, use AirDrop, itÂ‘s that simple. If you want to do it from IPhone to Android, you both have to have an App called SHAREit. Not as simple, but the possibility is there. In fact, many myths that iPhone is unable to do many things arenÂ‘t true anymore. iOS functionality expanded a lot over the years. You can also install Apps from unregistered sources. Again, not as simple as Android APK, but you can do it by installing a so-called Â„profileÂ“ and then the app you want will work, all without jailbreak. You can also customize app icons, but that is really shitty because it takes much longer to open an app and doesnÂ‘t work sometimes.
NikiDroid, 31 Dec 2017Would it is possible, downgrade from iOS 11.2.1 to iOS 10?No. It can be done really complicated by jailbreaking, downgrade and then removing the jailbreak, but that is a pain in the a**. EverythingApplePro did this to downgrade an iPhone 2G to the first firmware, and for him as an expert with much experience and 3 Million YouTube subscribers, it took him hours to do so, and it just gets harder with newer software releases. He did this with software 8 years old, so I hope you can imagine.; No. It can be done really complicated by jailbreaking, downgrade and then removing the jailbreak, but that is a pain in the a**. EverythingApplePro did this to downgrade an iPhone 2G to the first firmware, and for him as an expert with much experience and 3 Million YouTube subscribers, it took him hours to do so, and it just gets harder with newer software releases. He did this with software 8 years old, so I hope you can imagine.
Faisal, 29 Dec 2017Can anyone tell me solution the finger touch to unlock the phone is not working.i already res... morei like i phone apple; i like i phone apple
Would it is possible, downgrade from iOS 11.2.1 to iOS 10?; Would it is possible, downgrade from iOS 11.2.1 to iOS 10?
AAA, 22 Dec 2017Guys can you pls help me how to get rid off from contact freezing issue in fact I have 2000 co... moreI also have similar problem can any body help on it..!; I also have similar problem can any body help on it..!
Anonymous, 22 Dec 2017Is it the right time to upgrade to ios 11 on iphone 6?no do not update until apple releases a solution .; no do not update until apple releases a solution .
Can anyone tell me solution the finger touch to unlock the phone is not working.i already reset my phone please tell me; Can anyone tell me solution the finger touch to unlock the phone is not working.i already reset my phone please tell me
Man... I dont like Apple because I called it like golden prision...
 HOWEVER... space issues and old versions are not issue for Apple alone, it happens with Android too.
 And we are made hostages of hardware masters.
 Retina screen are awesome but cannot using Bluetooth to share files, movies, music is a pain in the neck with Apple.
 I wont discuss Apple quality, anyone that tell is bad IS DEAD WRONG.
 Apple can do a lot with slower processor and smaller memory than Android that a fact, no question about it.
 But not allowing the OWNER to expand memory, use bluetooth as it want is SAD, trully sad.
 Between PRO and CONS the truth is...
 Its up to you choose what you prefer
 I like ASUS but I know Samsung screen is better.
 And sadly no one will get the best of Apple and Android and make THE BEST ON EVER.
 Sad for us.; Man... I dont like Apple because I called it like golden prision...; HOWEVER... space issues and old versions are not issue for Apple alone, it happens with Android too.; And we are made hostages of hardware masters.; Retina screen are awesome but cannot using Bluetooth to share files, movies, music is a pain in the neck with Apple.; I wont discuss Apple quality, anyone that tell is bad IS DEAD WRONG.; Apple can do a lot with slower processor and smaller memory than Android that a fact, no question about it.; But not allowing the OWNER to expand memory, use bluetooth as it want is SAD, trully sad.; Between PRO and CONS the truth is...; Its up to you choose what you prefer; I like ASUS but I know Samsung screen is better.; And sadly no one will get the best of Apple and Android and make THE BEST ON EVER.; Sad for us.
IRCTC Application is not available so please devople them; IRCTC Application is not available so please devople them
Screw Apple and the iPhone. They slow speeds over time and generally don't support old firmware. You're better off buying a goggle phone. My phone constantly sends notices that I don't have enough memory, but I have no music just apps. Just don't bother with this bad service, ever since Steve Jobs passed away, apple has fallen apart. Not the same as it was years ago.; Screw Apple and the iPhone. They slow speeds over time and generally don't support old firmware. You're better off buying a goggle phone. My phone constantly sends notices that I don't have enough memory, but I have no music just apps. Just don't bother with this bad service, ever since Steve Jobs passed away, apple has fallen apart. Not the same as it was years ago.
ItÂ’s not worth for money .
 I had been using iPhone last few years. ItÂ’s second time I had to throw my phone .
 
 Customer service is worse .
 I had facing lots hardware and software problems but when we bring it them they find no problems.; ItÂ’s not worth for money .; I had been using iPhone last few years. ItÂ’s second time I had to throw my phone .; Customer service is worse .; I had facing lots hardware and software problems but when we bring it them they find no problems.
Anonymous, 22 Dec 2017I have read an article saaying that Apple is intentionally slorwing down their old phonesyeah only if the phone battery is in bad condition.This is done to prevent random shutdowns because of poor battery(capacity) condition. The whole phone become slow because of cpu throttling.
 the cpu draws power, and if the phone battery is in bad condition , it will led to shutdown as the battery no longer have the power to support the powerful cpu.; yeah only if the phone battery is in bad condition.This is done to prevent random shutdowns because of poor battery(capacity) condition. The whole phone become slow because of cpu throttling.; the cpu draws power, and if the phone battery is in bad condition , it will led to shutdown as the battery no longer have the power to support the powerful cpu.
Anonymous, 22 Dec 2017Is it the right time to upgrade to ios 11 on iphone 6?wait; wait
Guys can you pls help me how to get rid off from contact freezing issue in fact I have 2000 contacts in IPhone 6 IOS 11.2.1 map through exchange and gmail accounts but every time when I wanna search any contact itÂ’s got freez for half or One minute this made me annoyed...Rest of phoneÂ’s response is good.. pls suggest; Guys can you pls help me how to get rid off from contact freezing issue in fact I have 2000 contacts in IPhone 6 IOS 11.2.1 map through exchange and gmail accounts but every time when I wanna search any contact itÂ’s got freez for half or One minute this made me annoyed...Rest of phoneÂ’s response is good.. pls suggest
Is it the right time to upgrade to ios 11 on iphone 6?; Is it the right time to upgrade to ios 11 on iphone 6?
Aadrian, 19 Dec 2017Well if it's in good condition, I think a good buy. After two years my 6 is still working fine... moreI have read an article saaying that Apple is intentionally slorwing down their old phones; I have read an article saaying that Apple is intentionally slorwing down their old phones
Assuming Boadi, 15 Dec 2017I bought a brand new phone Iphone 6 from UAE; and it was delivered to me on December 9 in Gha... moreCheck ya date and time format; Check ya date and time format
Abi0708, 04 Dec 2017I canÂ’t able to update or download new app because asking for billing verification for paymen... morePlease select a free app for downloading before making ID. It will show None in the option.; Please select a free app for downloading before making ID. It will show None in the option.
Daniel, 16 Dec 2017Guys, is this one still worth it? I can buy one used for only 6 months for £100, should I?Well if it's in good condition, I think a good buy. After two years my 6 is still working fine. After the update to iOS 11 it's running somewhat slower but still it's running fine.; Well if it's in good condition, I think a good buy. After two years my 6 is still working fine. After the update to iOS 11 it's running somewhat slower but still it's running fine.
eew; eew
Daniel, 16 Dec 2017Guys, is this one still worth it? I can buy one used for only 6 months for £100, should I?Totally worth it got one myself last week; Totally worth it got one myself last week
use less thn 6 month and cpu spoiled...; use less thn 6 month and cpu spoiled...
used less thn a year the phone cpu broke down...; used less thn a year the phone cpu broke down...
Guys, is this one still worth it? I can buy one used for only 6 months for £100, should I?; Guys, is this one still worth it? I can buy one used for only 6 months for £100, should I?
Assuming Boadi, 15 Dec 2017I bought a brand new phone Iphone 6 from UAE; and it was delivered to me on December 9 in Gha... moredid you try another sim? or switching between automatic and manual modes?.; did you try another sim? or switching between automatic and manual modes?.
phone sucks always going into apple id disabled tried to fix numerous ways still no fix stay away from apple phones; phone sucks always going into apple id disabled tried to fix numerous ways still no fix stay away from apple phones
I bought a brand new phone Iphone 6 from UAE; and it was delivered to me on December 9 in Ghana. On December 11, 2017 early morning, the phone network changed to searching, and it has been searching till date. What could be the problem?; I bought a brand new phone Iphone 6 from UAE; and it was delivered to me on December 9 in Ghana. On December 11, 2017 early morning, the phone network changed to searching, and it has been searching till date. What could be the problem?
I am the best lover of apple products and using iPhone 4,4s,5&6& I pad. .
 My personnal observation is charging two to three times a Day is troubling. Pls try to rectify one day one full charge once
 My suggestion but not be negative. Pls be inform and as a suggestion; I am the best lover of apple products and using iPhone 4,4s,5&6& I pad. .; My personnal observation is charging two to three times a Day is troubling. Pls try to rectify one day one full charge once; My suggestion but not be negative. Pls be inform and as a suggestion
Charging three times a day for resuming functions . We are really facing problem with all I phones .Wy canÂ’t. Apple management rectify this.
 It is quiet embarrassing
 Since I am using I phone series past from five years
 Reddy BS
 India; Charging three times a day for resuming functions . We are really facing problem with all I phones .Wy canÂ’t. Apple management rectify this.; It is quiet embarrassing; Since I am using I phone series past from five years; Reddy BS; India
Shivraj, 23 Nov 2017Please tell me i phone 6 is 4g yes its 4g and volte supported; yes its 4g and volte supported
I canÂ’t able to update or download new app because asking for billing verification for payment. When I try to choose NONE, itÂ’s not changing. Pls help me to change NONE in Paymnt option; I canÂ’t able to update or download new app because asking for billing verification for payment. When I try to choose NONE, itÂ’s not changing. Pls help me to change NONE in Paymnt option
naresh, 01 Dec 2017I wanna buy a iphone but I confused between iphone 6 and 6+, suggest me better please.....iPhone 6+. if you want buy new iPhone, buy iPhone 7+ or iPhone X.; iPhone 6+. if you want buy new iPhone, buy iPhone 7+ or iPhone X.
naresh, 01 Dec 2017I wanna buy a iphone but I confused between iphone 6 and 6+, suggest me better please.....Well the 6 plus for if you need a large screen. Otherwise IÂ’d save the money and go for the 6.; Well the 6 plus for if you need a large screen. Otherwise IÂ’d save the money and go for the 6.
I wanna buy a iphone but I confused between iphone 6 and 6+, suggest me better please.....; I wanna buy a iphone but I confused between iphone 6 and 6+, suggest me better please.....
Prabhat, 22 Nov 2017Please suggest reasons of Samsung J7Pro over I Phone 6 . 2 sim slot, expandable storage.; 2 sim slot, expandable storage.
Shivraj, 23 Nov 2017Please tell me i phone 6 is 4g Yeah itÂ’s 4g; Yeah itÂ’s 4g
Prabhat, 22 Nov 2017Please suggest reasons of Samsung J7Pro over I Phone 6 . Battery life & super amoled screen; Battery life & super amoled screen
Prabhat, 22 Nov 2017Please suggest reasons of Samsung J7Pro over I Phone 6 . none, because iPhone 6 is better; none, because iPhone 6 is better
Please tell me i phone 6 is 4g; Please tell me i phone 6 is 4g
Please suggest reasons of Samsung J7Pro over I Phone 6 .; Please suggest reasons of Samsung J7Pro over I Phone 6 .
Sarath, 17 Nov 2017How? My iphone 6 battery wil stand for a day I donÂ’t use data, only wifi and I turn on flightmode at night.; I donÂ’t use data, only wifi and I turn on flightmode at night.
kofiscale , 18 Nov 2017plz i want to buy iphone 5s or iphone 5e so which should i buy plz my first tym am coming to u... moreSE, it's much better for a price not much higher.; SE, it's much better for a price not much higher.
Anonymous, 18 Nov 2017Which I phone should I buy.. IPhone 6 or 6s or SE.. I m new user? Suggest me fast6s; 6s
viki, 18 Nov 2017IPhone 6 support jio sim or notyes ..iphone 6 support jio sim; yes ..iphone 6 support jio sim
IPhone 6 support jio sim or not; IPhone 6 support jio sim or not
plz i want to buy iphone 5s or iphone 5e so which should i buy plz my first tym am coming to use iphone; plz i want to buy iphone 5s or iphone 5e so which should i buy plz my first tym am coming to use iphone
Anonymous, 18 Nov 2017Which I phone should I buy.. IPhone 6 or 6s or SE.. I m new user? Suggest me fastBuy and Iphone 7 or 8 okay; Buy and Iphone 7 or 8 okay
Anonymous, 18 Nov 2017Which I phone should I buy.. IPhone 6 or 6s or SE.. I m new user? Suggest me fastSe for low budget but great performamce
 6s if u want biggr screen; Se for low budget but great performamce; 6s if u want biggr screen
Which I phone should I buy.. IPhone 6 or 6s or SE.. I m new user? Suggest me fast; Which I phone should I buy.. IPhone 6 or 6s or SE.. I m new user? Suggest me fast
Aadrian , 10 Nov 2017I get about 2 days of batterylife with moderate usage.How? My iphone 6 battery wil stand for a day; How? My iphone 6 battery wil stand for a day
We try ur sport but you are not given our gift so what does it mean; We try ur sport but you are not given our gift so what does it mean
Xiaomi redmi note 5a prime or ip 6?; Xiaomi redmi note 5a prime or ip 6?
AlexCIS, 14 Nov 2017Hi Guys, I just want to know if buying iPhone 6 still worth in terms of battery life and speed... moredefinitely, you can buy iPhone 6 now too. I just bought one after iPhone 8 announcement as I was getting it for 380$ here in India. There were other android phones in this category but I was not sure which of them will hold up well after 2 years compared to iPhone 6 with regular updates. Also, most android phones in this price range didn't have a camera as good as iPhone 6. I might be wrong as here but I went with iPhone as I trusted it to last longer compared to the similarly priced Android device.
 Also, my phone was running iOS 11 out of the box and had a manufacturing date of Oct 2017. My phone runs fine on iOS 11 and as its new, the battery life is also decent. On power use, it will drain fast but it has amazing standby time. Like in full night the battery drops only about 2%; definitely, you can buy iPhone 6 now too. I just bought one after iPhone 8 announcement as I was getting it for 380$ here in India. There were other android phones in this category but I was not sure which of them will hold up well after 2 years compared to iPhone 6 with regular updates. Also, most android phones in this price range didn't have a camera as good as iPhone 6. I might be wrong as here but I went with iPhone as I trusted it to last longer compared to the similarly priced Android device.; Also, my phone was running iOS 11 out of the box and had a manufacturing date of Oct 2017. My phone runs fine on iOS 11 and as its new, the battery life is also decent. On power use, it will drain fast but it has amazing standby time. Like in full night the battery drops only about 2%
AlexCIS, 14 Nov 2017Hi Guys, I just want to know if buying iPhone 6 still worth in terms of battery life and speed... moreIphone 6 is worth buying in terms of performance, battery life (ios 11). It has a good camera, fingerprint scanner. The problem is the memory, it cannot add a memory slot (no iphone has expandable memory). I have been using since Dec 2014, it rocks, in between I changed two Andriod phones, still I love iphone 6.; Iphone 6 is worth buying in terms of performance, battery life (ios 11). It has a good camera, fingerprint scanner. The problem is the memory, it cannot add a memory slot (no iphone has expandable memory). I have been using since Dec 2014, it rocks, in between I changed two Andriod phones, still I love iphone 6.
Mubashir Saleem, 14 Nov 2017Hello guys! please tell me if I upgrade my iphone 6 64gb from 10.2 to 11, my phone will countr... moreDont update... bcoz batry life no sure; Dont update... bcoz batry life no sure
AlexCIS, 14 Nov 2017Hi Guys, I just want to know if buying iPhone 6 still worth in terms of battery life and speed... moreUpdating your phone doesnot affect on battry. battry start affecting if you charge it for a long time or getting low under 15% many time...; Updating your phone doesnot affect on battry. battry start affecting if you charge it for a long time or getting low under 15% many time...
Hello guys! please tell me if I upgrade my iphone 6 64gb from 10.2 to 11, my phone will country lock or unlock as it is?? also my battery timing is much good as 2 days in normal usage, will it drain faster or nothing will change?? please leave your opinion and solve my issue,
 Thanks a lot!; Hello guys! please tell me if I upgrade my iphone 6 64gb from 10.2 to 11, my phone will country lock or unlock as it is?? also my battery timing is much good as 2 days in normal usage, will it drain faster or nothing will change?? please leave your opinion and solve my issue,; Thanks a lot!
chandu, 12 Nov 2017Iphone SE Iphone 6 has better display and speaker but Se is faster, if u are not mad about numbers and speed, Iphone 6 is better.; Iphone 6 has better display and speaker but Se is faster, if u are not mad about numbers and speed, Iphone 6 is better.
Anonymous, 12 Nov 2017nokia6 r iphone6If depends if u prefer android or ios. Both are good phones.; If depends if u prefer android or ios. Both are good phones.
leena khan, 25 Oct 2017ipnoe 6 or 5s ? suggest me plzzzIphone SE; Iphone SE
nokia6 r iphone6; nokia6 r iphone6
Rahil Sid, 10 Nov 2017I have Purchase Iphone 6 16GB Model in 2015 from Middle East Now I have Facing a issue of mob... moreI know! I have a 128gb one and as soon as i start to play music in shareit it heats up and it eats my battery!!! Please someone has a fix for this?; I know! I have a 128gb one and as soon as i start to play music in shareit it heats up and it eats my battery!!! Please someone has a fix for this?
Zomi, 09 Nov 2017Iphone 6 or nokia 6? Mostly interested in front camera and speed.front camera: tie
 speed: iPhone 6 without a doubt; front camera: tie; speed: iPhone 6 without a doubt
I have Purchase Iphone 6 16GB Model in 2015 from Middle East
 Now I have Facing a issue of mobile getting Heated whenever i play song on shareit app it get extremely heated whats the possible reason of getting heated and solution...; I have Purchase Iphone 6 16GB Model in 2015 from Middle East; Now I have Facing a issue of mobile getting Heated whenever i play song on shareit app it get extremely heated whats the possible reason of getting heated and solution...
Vishaal, 08 Nov 2017Guyz plz share me. How is the battery life of iphone 6?I get about 2 days of batterylife with moderate usage.; I get about 2 days of batterylife with moderate usage.
Iphone 6 or nokia 6? Mostly interested in front camera and speed.; Iphone 6 or nokia 6? Mostly interested in front camera and speed.
Sharu , 08 Nov 2017My new I phone 6 over heating while playing video for 5 mints very bad product people don't by Not true big lie; Not true big lie
Joi7, 08 Nov 2017Hello Sir. Heavy usage at least 1 day. Normal use 2 or more days. absolutely right; absolutely right
My new I phone 6 over heating while playing video for 5 mints very bad product people don't by; My new I phone 6 over heating while playing video for 5 mints very bad product people don't by
Vishaal, 08 Nov 2017Guyz plz share me. How is the battery life of iphone 6?Hello Sir.
 
 Heavy usage at least 1 day.
 Normal use 2 or more days.; Hello Sir.; Heavy usage at least 1 day.; Normal use 2 or more days.
Guyz plz share me. How is the battery life of iphone 6?; Guyz plz share me. How is the battery life of iphone 6?
august085, 03 Nov 2017i use my iphone 6 for play drone dji mavic pro,after upadte to ios 11 i have problem warning o... moreNever update old iphones; Never update old iphones
i wanted to know that how much 1.2 mp camera as comparing with any android phone camera like vivo v5s it has 20mp camera which is better; i wanted to know that how much 1.2 mp camera as comparing with any android phone camera like vivo v5s it has 20mp camera which is better
ziad, 16 Oct 2017Iphone 6 or Samsung J7 Pro?J7 pro; J7 pro
i use my iphone 6 for play drone dji mavic pro,after upadte to ios 11 i have problem warning on my phone "cpu fully uploaded,even i was closing all apps and space memory still 40 gb ..i don't know what must to do...; i use my iphone 6 for play drone dji mavic pro,after upadte to ios 11 i have problem warning on my phone "cpu fully uploaded,even i was closing all apps and space memory still 40 gb ..i don't know what must to do...
Dizi, 02 Nov 2017Im already update.. So far everything running well..Running fine for me as well. The issues I experienced before after the update to 11 are now gone, as for now.; Running fine for me as well. The issues I experienced before after the update to 11 are now gone, as for now.
Aadrian, 26 Oct 2017I updated my phone to 11.0.3 Im already update.. So far everything running well..; Im already update.. So far everything running well..
While using mobile data or wifi , my iphone 6 battery back up is only 4 hours. Is it good or not? While normally using without wifi or data back up is 6-7 hours. Is it good?; While using mobile data or wifi , my iphone 6 battery back up is only 4 hours. Is it good or not? While normally using without wifi or data back up is 6-7 hours. Is it good?
Anonymous, 22 Oct 2017iPhone 6 or Vivo Y53????Iphone 6; Iphone 6
The thinnest iphone model ever.; The thinnest iphone model ever.
leena khan, 25 Oct 2017ipnoe 6 or 5s ? suggest me plzzzgo for SE model if you are from India; go for SE model if you are from India
leena khan, 25 Oct 2017ipnoe 6 or 5s ? suggest me plzzzIphone 6; Iphone 6
I updated my phone to 11.0.3; I updated my phone to 11.0.3
leena khan, 25 Oct 2017ipnoe 6 or 5s ? suggest me plzzz6 is better, unless you want a smaller screen. Then the SE would be a better choice.; 6 is better, unless you want a smaller screen. Then the SE would be a better choice.
ranvir123, 22 Sep 2017is supported jio or notYes support jio sim; Yes support jio sim
ipnoe 6 or 5s ? suggest me plzzz; ipnoe 6 or 5s ? suggest me plzzz
Anonymous, 22 Oct 2017iPhone 6 or Vivo Y53????Are u kidding me? iPhone 6 is old but far better than vivo y53; Are u kidding me? iPhone 6 is old but far better than vivo y53
iPhone 6 or Vivo Y53????; iPhone 6 or Vivo Y53????
i just buy iphone within 10 days it's speaker not woring while i play videos then i re start when this problem face then i given to service centre to repair if possible to replace....
 
 can anyone explain it should be replace or just repair is enough bcz i'm too busy on phone calls according to my job.
 thank you...; i just buy iphone within 10 days it's speaker not woring while i play videos then i re start when this problem face then i given to service centre to repair if possible to replace....; can anyone explain it should be replace or just repair is enough bcz i'm too busy on phone calls according to my job.; thank you...
Updated to 11.0.2 and lost the ability to use the songs I had purchased and spent time working on for hours to use as ringtones. Went back to my old email address and logged in to try to download again. Totally messed up both by iPhone and iPad. They now want me to keep changing between my old email and newer email to update apps. I still cannot use my old ringtones and am totally disgusted with all of the new updates.; Updated to 11.0.2 and lost the ability to use the songs I had purchased and spent time working on for hours to use as ringtones. Went back to my old email address and logged in to try to download again. Totally messed up both by iPhone and iPad. They now want me to keep changing between my old email and newer email to update apps. I still cannot use my old ringtones and am totally disgusted with all of the new updates.
is this capable of Wi-Fi calling??; is this capable of Wi-Fi calling??
iphone 6 > iphone X lol haha; iphone 6 > iphone X lol haha
ziad, 16 Oct 2017Iphone 6 or Samsung J7 Pro?iPhone 6
 
 highend > low end; iPhone 6; highend > low end
ios 11 not good work in iphone6; ios 11 not good work in iphone6
Iphone 6 or Samsung J7 Pro?; Iphone 6 or Samsung J7 Pro?
Updated to 11.0.2. and it works a little better now. Still occasional screen freezing issues but not that bad anymore.; Updated to 11.0.2. and it works a little better now. Still occasional screen freezing issues but not that bad anymore.
kapilbagga, 11 Oct 2017is 10.3.3 still available? i have read some where that its not available now.No, 10.3.3 and 11.0 are discontinued; No, 10.3.3 and 11.0 are discontinued
nihstone, 10 Oct 2017Hi, You need to download Iphone 6 10.3.3 firmware, then put your phone in DFU mode. And by t... moreis 10.3.3 still available? i have read some where that its not available now.; is 10.3.3 still available? i have read some where that its not available now.
Hi,
 You need to download Iphone 6 10.3.3 firmware, then put your phone in DFU mode.
 And by the iTunes you can downgrade.. 
 I had 11.0.2, now I have 10.3.3 and I'm happy! 
 Write email to: pavelgonciarov@gmail.com and i will help; Hi,; You need to download Iphone 6 10.3.3 firmware, then put your phone in DFU mode.; And by the iTunes you can downgrade..; I had 11.0.2, now I have 10.3.3 and I'm happy!; Write email to: pavelgonciarov@gmail.com and i will help
my iphone screen did't open. what can I do?; my iphone screen did't open. what can I do?
kapilbagga, 09 Oct 2017yesterday updated ios 11.0.2 on my iphone 6.Done big mistake.Phone getting too much hot,Batter... moreI'm also experiencing same; I'm also experiencing same
Niha, 07 Oct 2017with the iOS 11 too many bugs for the phone. Lagging, freezing apps, bug with the volume butto... morehow did you do it?downgrading from 11.0.2 to 10 ?Shall i visit any apple service centre?; how did you do it?downgrading from 11.0.2 to 10 ?Shall i visit any apple service centre?
yesterday updated ios 11.0.2 on my iphone 6.Done big mistake.Phone getting too much hot,Battery draining,so much lagging.I was so happy with my phone with ios 10 since 2 years till yesterday .Any Suggestions Please?; yesterday updated ios 11.0.2 on my iphone 6.Done big mistake.Phone getting too much hot,Battery draining,so much lagging.I was so happy with my phone with ios 10 since 2 years till yesterday .Any Suggestions Please?
to late for downgrade to ios 10 :)
 there is no way to downgrade anymore ;)
 so enjoy ios 11 trolololo; to late for downgrade to ios 10 :); there is no way to downgrade anymore ;); so enjoy ios 11 trolololo
Bro7, 08 Oct 2017how did u downgrade it to ios 10?You could make it in dfu and download iOS 10.3.3, but sadly, that's not possible anymore because apple stopped signing iOS 10, so you have to stay where you are; You could make it in dfu and download iOS 10.3.3, but sadly, that's not possible anymore because apple stopped signing iOS 10, so you have to stay where you are
Niha, 07 Oct 2017with the iOS 11 too many bugs for the phone. Lagging, freezing apps, bug with the volume butto... morehow did u downgrade it to ios 10?; how did u downgrade it to ios 10?
Niha, 07 Oct 2017with the iOS 11 too many bugs for the phone. Lagging, freezing apps, bug with the volume butto... moreI also experienced the not working volume buttons today. But I saw there's an update so I will going to install that after I charged the phone, hopefully some bugfixes.; I also experienced the not working volume buttons today. But I saw there's an update so I will going to install that after I charged the phone, hopefully some bugfixes.
with the iOS 11 too many bugs for the phone. Lagging, freezing apps, bug with the volume buttons not working sometime ant more.. 
 Came back to iOS 10, no bugs, much better!; with the iOS 11 too many bugs for the phone. Lagging, freezing apps, bug with the volume buttons not working sometime ant more..; Came back to iOS 10, no bugs, much better!
Guys plz help me. 
 I bought a new iphone6 6days ago from apple stor..its a problm ..start the enternet then this phone is hiting .. back and front sreen side hit .. plz help me..; Guys plz help me.; I bought a new iphone6 6days ago from apple stor..its a problm ..start the enternet then this phone is hiting .. back and front sreen side hit .. plz help me..
Reknas, 04 Oct 2017I placed my iPhone 6 in freezer for about 10 min and nothing happened ,it's really cool You should have done an antutu benchmark; You should have done an antutu benchmark
Anonymous, 21 Sep 2017iphone 6 it is water resistant or notI placed my iPhone 6 in freezer for about 10 min and nothing happened ,it's really cool; I placed my iPhone 6 in freezer for about 10 min and nothing happened ,it's really cool
Dhillon, 01 Oct 2017Its normal on iphone, i have iphone 7 n 6, n both face same problem. But after updating to iOS... moreIt came after updating to ios 11 so I hope the next update will come soon to fix some bugs and other issues.; It came after updating to ios 11 so I hope the next update will come soon to fix some bugs and other issues.
What a crap. Gsmarena deleted my comment. I asked someone and he said the issue with the censors. Whenever i call someone the screen goes black suddenly even its very hard to turn on speaker or hang up the call.; What a crap. Gsmarena deleted my comment. I asked someone and he said the issue with the censors. Whenever i call someone the screen goes black suddenly even its very hard to turn on speaker or hang up the call.
[deleted post]Could you at least say what problems you mean??; Could you at least say what problems you mean??
My iPhone 3gs still working fine after all thse years; My iPhone 3gs still working fine after all thse years
VS RANA, 01 Oct 2017Can u tell is it normal while calling the screen goes black suddenly and not easy to hang up t... moreYa it happens at times, call coming bt screen is black so I press home button to know who is calling .. bt didnÂ’t happen since iOS 11 update; Ya it happens at times, call coming bt screen is black so I press home button to know who is calling .. bt didnÂ’t happen since iOS 11 update
Aadrian, 30 Sep 2017For me it is, although only slightly. Other issues like my phone freezing are more annoying. I... moreIts normal on iphone, i have iphone 7 n 6, n both face same problem. But after updating to iOS 11, its fixed.You must update your iOS to iOS 11,it will be fixed with update.; Its normal on iphone, i have iphone 7 n 6, n both face same problem. But after updating to iOS 11, its fixed.You must update your iOS to iOS 11,it will be fixed with update.
Anonymous, 01 Oct 2017It was freezing before , but after iOS 11 itÂ’s working fine till now , I had 41 gb left and a... moreCan u tell is it normal while calling the screen goes black suddenly and not easy to hang up the call.; Can u tell is it normal while calling the screen goes black suddenly and not easy to hang up the call.
It was freezing before , but after iOS 11 itÂ’s working fine till now , I had 41 gb left and after update itÂ’s around 42 gb I wonder how and why .. but overall iOS is good for my iPhone 6 which is 2 years old; It was freezing before , but after iOS 11 itÂ’s working fine till now , I had 41 gb left and after update itÂ’s around 42 gb I wonder how and why .. but overall iOS is good for my iPhone 6 which is 2 years old
Ram ojas, 28 Sep 2017Which performence is best in iPhone 6 vs iPhone seSE; SE
Guys plz help me. 
 I bought a new iphone6 4days ago.
 I updated to ios 11.
 Then i started facing two major problems.
 1. Whenever i call someone the dialer screen goes black suddenly, and even i try to hang up the call it doesnt let me do so. Its keep on blinking whenever i press the button to turn it on to disconnect the call .
 2. The wifi sign remains blue but the wifi sign doesnt apprear at the top.
 Kindly reply asap.
 Thanks; Guys plz help me.; I bought a new iphone6 4days ago.; I updated to ios 11.; Then i started facing two major problems.; 1. Whenever i call someone the dialer screen goes black suddenly, and even i try to hang up the call it doesnt let me do so. Its keep on blinking whenever i press the button to turn it on to disconnect the call .; 2. The wifi sign remains blue but the wifi sign doesnt apprear at the top.; Kindly reply asap.; Thanks
Fourat Fourati, 29 Sep 2017isn't ios 11 on iphone 6 slower? For me it is, although only slightly. Other issues like my phone freezing are more annoying. I hope they can solve this in a bugfix update. Yesterday for example I wanted to unlock my Phone, and it didn't do anything, screen stayed black, couldn't turn it off, just nothing. Never experienced it with the iPhone 6 before. After about a minute it suddenly unlocked and so far it hasn't happened again. But it probably will.; For me it is, although only slightly. Other issues like my phone freezing are more annoying. I hope they can solve this in a bugfix update. Yesterday for example I wanted to unlock my Phone, and it didn't do anything, screen stayed black, couldn't turn it off, just nothing. Never experienced it with the iPhone 6 before. After about a minute it suddenly unlocked and so far it hasn't happened again. But it probably will.
imanigoldprint, 26 Sep 2017i never thought i would fall in love with my iPhone 6 , but when i updated it to the iOS 11. i... moreisn't ios 11 on iphone 6 slower?; isn't ios 11 on iphone 6 slower?
Just because messenger needs to be updated is n op reason to lock me out. I will update when I find secure wifi; Just because messenger needs to be updated is n op reason to lock me out. I will update when I find secure wifi
Anonymous, 27 Sep 20176..is bestWhat about camera quality between iPhone se vs 6; What about camera quality between iPhone se vs 6
Rayarya, 20 Sep 2017Going by the current market price and specs iphone SE will be the best choice than iphone6. Ho... moreWhich performence is best in iPhone 6 vs iPhone se; Which performence is best in iPhone 6 vs iPhone se
Rayarya, 20 Sep 2017Going by the current market price and specs iphone SE will be the best choice than iphone6. Ho... moreWhich performence is best in iPhone 6 vs iPhone se.; Which performence is best in iPhone 6 vs iPhone se.
Djchu, 19 Sep 2017Guys plz help me iphone 6 or iphone se ... which is better to buy !!! Thanks adv :-)6..is best; 6..is best
I just downloaded and installed iOS 11 on this phone. Not sure what to think about it yet.; I just downloaded and installed iOS 11 on this phone. Not sure what to think about it yet.
i never thought i would fall in love with my iPhone 6 , but when i updated it to the iOS 11. i was like yessssss........!!!!!!!!! apple you guys did it again.; i never thought i would fall in love with my iPhone 6 , but when i updated it to the iOS 11. i was like yessssss........!!!!!!!!! apple you guys did it again.
Y should when low battery power they need to take one day turns on pls tel ans; Y should when low battery power they need to take one day turns on pls tel ans
This is still an awesome mobile , runs on iOS 11, A decent camera and great physical look. I am in love with this phone; This is still an awesome mobile , runs on iOS 11, A decent camera and great physical look. I am in love with this phone
Shan, 23 Sep 2017Please suggest me, what is the difference between Apple's battery backup & other's. So man... moreIntegration is the key. Apple iOS is optimised with the chipset and hardware because Apple is over above checking each and every required setting. In android it is like assembly of different components from different manufacturers. So to keep things working android needs larger battery. Samsung tunes battery. Other than Apple and Samsung no body bothers.; Integration is the key. Apple iOS is optimised with the chipset and hardware because Apple is over above checking each and every required setting. In android it is like assembly of different components from different manufacturers. So to keep things working android needs larger battery. Samsung tunes battery. Other than Apple and Samsung no body bothers.
Please suggest me, what is the difference between Apple's battery backup & other's. So many Android sets has come in Market above 3000 mAH cap. but Apple still under 2000 & under 3000. what is the diff. Please suggest.; Please suggest me, what is the difference between Apple's battery backup & other's. So many Android sets has come in Market above 3000 mAH cap. but Apple still under 2000 & under 3000. what is the diff. Please suggest.
ranvir123, 22 Sep 2017is supported jio or notYes It will support... they made this phone well before the technology reached in India .....; Yes It will support... they made this phone well before the technology reached in India .....
Jani, 20 Sep 2017IOS 11 very smooth & fast my i phone 6 very smooth is supported jio or not; is supported jio or not
Jani, 20 Sep 2017IOS 11 very smooth & fast my i phone 6 very smooth really ? at this moment i'm updating my os.
 i'm very curious. hope the best; really ? at this moment i'm updating my os.; i'm very curious. hope the best
Anonymous, 21 Sep 2017iphone 6 it is water resistant or notNo, it's not; No, it's not
himhim9119, 15 Sep 2017when you're looking for beauty camera, then dont buy this iphone. it's shown what's really lookWow; Wow
iphone 6 it is water resistant or not; iphone 6 it is water resistant or not
IOS 11 very smooth & fast my i phone 6 very smooth; IOS 11 very smooth & fast my i phone 6 very smooth
Pls tel me ios 11 virson number7; Pls tel me ios 11 virson number7
Is it good to update the latest ios 11 on iphone 6 16 gb; Is it good to update the latest ios 11 on iphone 6 16 gb
You sold phones in 2014 any reason why you don't sell phones anymore?; You sold phones in 2014 any reason why you don't sell phones anymore?
Updated to iOS 11. Great again even some sluggishness earlier I also removed. No problem in updating.; Updated to iOS 11. Great again even some sluggishness earlier I also removed. No problem in updating.
Going by the current market price and specs iphone SE will be the best choice than iphone6. However if screen size matters to you then you can go for iphone6.; Going by the current market price and specs iphone SE will be the best choice than iphone6. However if screen size matters to you then you can go for iphone6.
Djchu, 19 Sep 2017Guys plz help me iphone 6 or iphone se ... which is better to buy !!! Thanks adv :-)Go fr iphone 6; Go fr iphone 6
Guys plz help me iphone 6 or iphone se ... which is better to buy !!! Thanks adv :-); Guys plz help me iphone 6 or iphone se ... which is better to buy !!! Thanks adv :-)
Damn, I'd love to get one. It's still awesome.
 I'm broke tho; Damn, I'd love to get one. It's still awesome.; I'm broke tho
KJ, 07 Sep 2017Garbage. Phone is not two years old, apple store just told my son his phone is "dying" and th... moreYou sens your 10y kid to an Apple Store what would you expect ?; You sens your 10y kid to an Apple Store what would you expect ?
RnR, 18 Sep 2017This will be my first smart phone. Both are brand new, which is a better choice: App... morego with iPhone 6 is much better then a3 2017...; go with iPhone 6 is much better then a3 2017...
is not wroth bec on iphone 6 on ios 11 is very slow and lagiin; is not wroth bec on iphone 6 on ios 11 is very slow and lagiin
This will be my first smart phone.
 Both are brand new, which is a better choice:
 Apple iPhone 6 
 OR
 Samsung A3 2017; This will be my first smart phone.; Both are brand new, which is a better choice:; Apple iPhone 6; OR; Samsung A3 2017
it is worth man, you can also check in youtube. there are so many reference about this. good luck; it is worth man, you can also check in youtube. there are so many reference about this. good luck
four004, 15 Sep 2017Can someone please help? I want to buy a phone but do not have a lot of cash to spend is it wo... moreBetter invest on a cheaper yet high spec Android Phone with 4/6GB Ram, SD8XX/SD6XX SoC, SD Card, Dual SIM, Batt. Capacity 3000-4000mah, etc. if you want to get from known companies Sony,Samsung,Nokia, HTC, Motorola, LG, etc. else Huawei, Xiaomi, Lenovo, etc.; Better invest on a cheaper yet high spec Android Phone with 4/6GB Ram, SD8XX/SD6XX SoC, SD Card, Dual SIM, Batt. Capacity 3000-4000mah, etc. if you want to get from known companies Sony,Samsung,Nokia, HTC, Motorola, LG, etc. else Huawei, Xiaomi, Lenovo, etc.
four004, 15 Sep 2017Can someone please help? I want to buy a phone but do not have a lot of cash to spend is it wo... moreInvest your cash on a 2016/17 much more powerful entry/mid level Android Phones as Apple is behind improvements even to the point of removing 3.5mm jack, touch id on the X w/c is a stupid move.; Invest your cash on a 2016/17 much more powerful entry/mid level Android Phones as Apple is behind improvements even to the point of removing 3.5mm jack, touch id on the X w/c is a stupid move.
Can someone please help? I want to buy a phone but do not have a lot of cash to spend is it worth buying the iPhone 6 since it is 2 years old or should I wait and save money on something better?; Can someone please help? I want to buy a phone but do not have a lot of cash to spend is it worth buying the iPhone 6 since it is 2 years old or should I wait and save money on something better?
Ghor, 28 Jul 20172 years, handled it with care, ask and find how to handle your iphone. never have issues, now... moreso do I
 I just dont get it, why there are so many peoples saying that i6 is suck lol; so do I; I just dont get it, why there are so many peoples saying that i6 is suck lol
Anonymous, 29 Jul 2017SE is better, it's a small 6s.totally agree; totally agree
joyce, 12 Aug 2017just still confused...which 1 to buy,Samsung S6 or iphone 6? never used samsung before, so just buy i6 :p; never used samsung before, so just buy i6 :p
Anonymous, 14 Aug 2017How can i turn off the shutter tone of its camera?turn your iphone in silent mode (turn silent button above volume + button); turn your iphone in silent mode (turn silent button above volume + button)
Araya, 04 Sep 2017can u say about i phone 6 front camera?? its is good r bad when you're looking for beauty camera, then dont buy this iphone. it's shown what's really look; when you're looking for beauty camera, then dont buy this iphone. it's shown what's really look
How much SOT you get on your iphone 6? Can somebody help? Thanks!; How much SOT you get on your iphone 6? Can somebody help? Thanks!
Aadrian, 08 Sep 2017Any iPhone 6 user has experience with a Dbrand skin? Easy to apply and to remove? I am thinkin... moreDbrand is only known because of so much advertising, that's for sure. If they are really that great, I don't know.; Dbrand is only known because of so much advertising, that's for sure. If they are really that great, I don't know.
Any iPhone 6 user has experience with a Dbrand skin? Easy to apply and to remove? I am thinking of putting a dbrand skin on my iPhone 6 for a change.; Any iPhone 6 user has experience with a Dbrand skin? Easy to apply and to remove? I am thinking of putting a dbrand skin on my iPhone 6 for a change.
Garbage. Phone is not two years old, apple store just told my son his phone is "dying" and there is nothing they can do about it and it is not under warranty. Thieves; Garbage. Phone is not two years old, apple store just told my son his phone is "dying" and there is nothing they can do about it and it is not under warranty. Thieves
can u say about i phone 6 front camera?? its is good r bad; can u say about i phone 6 front camera?? its is good r bad
Jabchile Tech, 27 Aug 2017No It's not new, but it is perfectly good, fingerprint sensor, good camera, ionized glass, goo... moreWhere did you buy it at that price am in kenya any help???; Where did you buy it at that price am in kenya any help???
Anonymous, 01 Sep 2017I think the battery life of my iPhone 7 is good. If it doesn't last long enough, just get a li... moreSoT means Screen on Time
 
 Sorry; SoT means Screen on Time; Sorry
Araya, 01 Sep 2017I want to buy a i phone 6 On Next Week...Can You say Please Battery Capacity to stand for one ... moreI think the battery life of my iPhone 7 is good. If it doesn't last long enough, just get a little power bank or a case. But I think it will get about 3.5 or 4 h SoT which should be enough for many people.; I think the battery life of my iPhone 7 is good. If it doesn't last long enough, just get a little power bank or a case. But I think it will get about 3.5 or 4 h SoT which should be enough for many people.
I want to buy a i phone 6 On Next Week...Can You say Please Battery Capacity to stand for one day ...; I want to buy a i phone 6 On Next Week...Can You say Please Battery Capacity to stand for one day ...
i use i phone 6 my batary is quick come down stand by 1 day what think; i use i phone 6 my batary is quick come down stand by 1 day what think
sutharshan, 26 Aug 2017SEOfcourse iphone SE; Ofcourse iphone SE
iPhone 6 users can u saggest this phone otg support ?; iPhone 6 users can u saggest this phone otg support ?
Jabchile Tech, 27 Aug 2017No It's not new, but it is perfectly good, fingerprint sensor, good camera, ionized glass, goo... moreEnjoy; Enjoy
Fandylauw jkt, 26 Aug 2017I just bought this phone today (26Aug2017), and i satisfied with this phone :)I purchased yesterday 26-Aug-2017, It awesome look and good performing.; I purchased yesterday 26-Aug-2017, It awesome look and good performing.
I have iphone 6 128gb
 1 word for this it's just awesome; I have iphone 6 128gb; 1 word for this it's just awesome
Fraz13, 26 Aug 2017Is it new and what storage?yes 32 gb variant is new one; yes 32 gb variant is new one
Sanjay Nagar, 24 Aug 2017hi which one is batter iphone 6 or seSE; SE
Fandylauw jkt, 26 Aug 2017I just bought this phone today (26Aug2017), and i satisfied with this phone :)Is it new and what storage?; Is it new and what storage?
I just bought this phone today (26Aug2017), and i satisfied with this phone :); I just bought this phone today (26Aug2017), and i satisfied with this phone :)
Sanjay Nagar, 24 Aug 2017why iphone heating issuesApple this has been fixed by lanching Brand new SE , that's peecks; Apple this has been fixed by lanching Brand new SE , that's peecks
Sanjay Nagar, 24 Aug 2017hi which one is batter iphone 6 or seSE always; SE always
why iphone heating issues; why iphone heating issues
hi which one is batter iphone 6 or se; hi which one is batter iphone 6 or se
Nani, 21 Aug 2017Haai guys am using iPhone 6 allover it's a very good phone,but now am much worried about the b... morebuy a new one, it looks like you bought it second hand and the battery does not work anymore...; buy a new one, it looks like you bought it second hand and the battery does not work anymore...
i want to know about the bettery life because it have so less bettery capacity whats why how long its bettery backup can go. i mean it can go upto how many year ?; i want to know about the bettery life because it have so less bettery capacity whats why how long its bettery backup can go. i mean it can go upto how many year ?
I phone 6 is the biggest piece s...t I've ever had apple won't leave it alone, updates completely changes the phone, apple puts all this crap on it that I don't want or need. Apple doesn't give a damn when you call if you can get anyone who's knows anything. Problem is they don't care enough to make a phone and let us load on there what we want or need. Come on apple get your head out of your patute and listen; I phone 6 is the biggest piece s...t I've ever had apple won't leave it alone, updates completely changes the phone, apple puts all this crap on it that I don't want or need. Apple doesn't give a damn when you call if you can get anyone who's knows anything. Problem is they don't care enough to make a phone and let us load on there what we want or need. Come on apple get your head out of your patute and listen
Haai guys am using iPhone 6 allover it's a very good phone,but now am much worried about the battery life,only 2hrs battery is going to be,pls suggest me wat to do?; Haai guys am using iPhone 6 allover it's a very good phone,but now am much worried about the battery life,only 2hrs battery is going to be,pls suggest me wat to do?
somu989211, 21 Aug 2017Hi!!!! Can any body suggest me about the battery back up of iPhone 6 and 6plus?great battery backup for 2 day for normal users,if you are using mobile data it will stand for 1 day; great battery backup for 2 day for normal users,if you are using mobile data it will stand for 1 day
hey_iAMSaikaT , 19 Aug 2017To maintain the status in thIs society go for iPhone 6 but if you want to enjoy with much more... moreWhy should status be important? Why should you worry what OTHER people think about YOUR phone choice. Yes, they might joke, but THEY have the psychological problem that they need to mock people. Don't be snowflakes people, make your choices based on your research and reviews, then go for it then don't regret! Stand firm and ignore the idiots.; Why should status be important? Why should you worry what OTHER people think about YOUR phone choice. Yes, they might joke, but THEY have the psychological problem that they need to mock people. Don't be snowflakes people, make your choices based on your research and reviews, then go for it then don't regret! Stand firm and ignore the idiots.
Hi!!!! Can any body suggest me about the battery back up of iPhone 6 and 6plus?; Hi!!!! Can any body suggest me about the battery back up of iPhone 6 and 6plus?
Pannu, 19 Aug 2017Which one should i buy -- iphone 6 or sebuy iphone 6 or samsung galaxy a7 2017 or huawei nova 2 plus; buy iphone 6 or samsung galaxy a7 2017 or huawei nova 2 plus
hey_iAMSaikaT , 19 Aug 2017To maintain the status in thIs society go for iPhone 6 but if you want to enjoy with much more... moreI have an iPhone 7 but if I wanted to have status in the german society, I would buy Galaxy S8 because everybody here has a Samsung phone, expensive ones as well. This may be because the S are much cheaper with their price degreasing sooo fast, but it is also to show that you are not dumb and bought an iPhone. With an iPhone, you look like a fool because the semi-tech-enthusiasts still think an S7 with 8 cores is 4 times faster than a 6s with 2 cores, which is obviously NOT the case (6s still faster than S8). Nothing against Samsungs, and nothing against those who buy the phones because they have great value, but against those who think they have devices years ahead and defend their old-ass Galaxy S3 against an iPhone 7 Plus.; I have an iPhone 7 but if I wanted to have status in the german society, I would buy Galaxy S8 because everybody here has a Samsung phone, expensive ones as well. This may be because the S are much cheaper with their price degreasing sooo fast, but it is also to show that you are not dumb and bought an iPhone. With an iPhone, you look like a fool because the semi-tech-enthusiasts still think an S7 with 8 cores is 4 times faster than a 6s with 2 cores, which is obviously NOT the case (6s still faster than S8). Nothing against Samsungs, and nothing against those who buy the phones because they have great value, but against those who think they have devices years ahead and defend their old-ass Galaxy S3 against an iPhone 7 Plus.
Pannu, 19 Aug 2017Which one should i buy -- iphone 6 or seIf you don't mind the smaller screen, SE is the way to go; If you don't mind the smaller screen, SE is the way to go
Which one should i buy -- iphone 6 or se; Which one should i buy -- iphone 6 or se
VCHG input is so poorly filtered that i think that apple done it in a way that you must use original chargers or very good quality models from other brands,otherwise,and especially if you use a car charger the damn U2 ic will get faulty...; VCHG input is so poorly filtered that i think that apple done it in a way that you must use original chargers or very good quality models from other brands,otherwise,and especially if you use a car charger the damn U2 ic will get faulty...
joyce, 12 Aug 2017just still confused...which 1 to buy,Samsung S6 or iphone 6? To maintain the status in thIs society go for iPhone 6 but if you want to enjoy with much more customisable OS then go for Android like you mention here Samsung Galaxy s6.; To maintain the status in thIs society go for iPhone 6 but if you want to enjoy with much more customisable OS then go for Android like you mention here Samsung Galaxy s6.
Dip, 18 Aug 2017My front camera is not open. Plz help meReset your handset or update your phone........; Reset your handset or update your phone........
Dip, 18 Aug 2017My front camera is not open. Plz help meReset your handset or update your phone........; Reset your handset or update your phone........
rajesh shelke, 09 Aug 2017I am use iPhone 6 one year phone no problem anyMy front camera is not open.
 
 Plz help me; My front camera is not open.; Plz help me
It's more than better android,iphone 5,5s,6,6s,7batterry bckup is too low............but i like it; It's more than better android,iphone 5,5s,6,6s,7batterry bckup is too low............but i like it
joyce, 12 Aug 2017just still confused...which 1 to buy,Samsung S6 or iphone 6? you should better go for android phone instead of ios because ios just sucks; you should better go for android phone instead of ios because ios just sucks
plzzz update battery backup; plzzz update battery backup
rajesh shelke, 09 Aug 2017I am use iPhone 6 one year phone no problem anyWhat a performance iphone 6 battery backup
 Pls update me; What a performance iphone 6 battery backup; Pls update me
Sabba, 14 Aug 2017When fix fast draining battery ios 10.3.3????Nope battery drain prob ll b same as b4.. 
 will get max 3.6 of battery with heavy 4G usage and in wifi 4hours..not more than that; Nope battery drain prob ll b same as b4..; will get max 3.6 of battery with heavy 4G usage and in wifi 4hours..not more than that
When fix fast draining battery ios 10.3.3????; When fix fast draining battery ios 10.3.3????
rajesh shelke, 09 Aug 2017I am use iPhone 6 one year phone no problem anyHow can i turn off the shutter tone of its camera?; How can i turn off the shutter tone of its camera?
indu, 11 Aug 2017pls help me wht do i buy iphone 6 or samsung s6Go for iphone 6 which battery better and performance fabulous; Go for iphone 6 which battery better and performance fabulous
Melans, 08 Aug 2017Which is better, a sort of good condition iphone 6 16gb, a used iphone 5s 32gb in a GREAT cond... moreI prefer you to buy redmi note 4. Bcz note 4 have everything which u searching for nd its last for more than day with heavy usage; I prefer you to buy redmi note 4. Bcz note 4 have everything which u searching for nd its last for more than day with heavy usage
joyce, 12 Aug 2017just still confused...which 1 to buy,Samsung S6 or iphone 6? S6 of those two, but the SE, 6s and S7 all are much better options even though more expensive. Going down from there, the 5s used is priced much more competitively and the S5 packs more features than the S6 at a lower price, even though it's not as beautiful and fast. But used, it is also a great option.; S6 of those two, but the SE, 6s and S7 all are much better options even though more expensive. Going down from there, the 5s used is priced much more competitively and the S5 packs more features than the S6 at a lower price, even though it's not as beautiful and fast. But used, it is also a great option.
How is the battery backup of this device plz suggest!!!!; How is the battery backup of this device plz suggest!!!!
just still confused...which 1 to buy,Samsung S6 or iphone 6?; just still confused...which 1 to buy,Samsung S6 or iphone 6?
indu, 11 Aug 2017pls help me wht do i buy iphone 6 or samsung s6S6 of those two, but the SE, 6s and S7 all are much better options even though more expensive. Going down from there, the 5s used is priced much more competitively and the S5 packs more features than the S6 at a lower price, even though it's not as beautiful and fast. But used, it is also a great option.; S6 of those two, but the SE, 6s and S7 all are much better options even though more expensive. Going down from there, the 5s used is priced much more competitively and the S5 packs more features than the S6 at a lower price, even though it's not as beautiful and fast. But used, it is also a great option.
pls help me wht do i buy 
 iphone 6 or samsung s6; pls help me wht do i buy; iphone 6 or samsung s6
Hating the update of ios 10.3.2 and 10.3.3... battery drainage issues as compared to ios 10.2.1 and the worst thing about apple is that you cannot downgrade to unsigned ios; Hating the update of ios 10.3.2 and 10.3.3... battery drainage issues as compared to ios 10.2.1 and the worst thing about apple is that you cannot downgrade to unsigned ios
Anonymous, 06 Aug 2017The iPhone 6 won't be able to match your S5 in battery. Camera will be about the same. The per... moreHey friend. Thanks for your useful feedback. I have changed my mind . Now i will either go for iphone 7 or samsung galaxy s8 next month. Being samsung lover bcoz of screen 70% chance that i will buy s8. Thanks; Hey friend. Thanks for your useful feedback. I have changed my mind . Now i will either go for iphone 7 or samsung galaxy s8 next month. Being samsung lover bcoz of screen 70% chance that i will buy s8. Thanks
It's a great phone; It's a great phone
I am use iPhone 6 one year phone no problem any; I am use iPhone 6 one year phone no problem any
F2X, 09 Aug 2017A fairly used iphone 6 will do for you bro. The only one on the list that'll take you three y... moreWhat about an used iphone se? i've seen it for almost the same price as an used iphone 6; What about an used iphone se? i've seen it for almost the same price as an used iphone 6
Melans, 08 Aug 2017Which is better, a sort of good condition iphone 6 16gb, a used iphone 5s 32gb in a GREAT cond... moreMi Max 2 (not mi max 1); Mi Max 2 (not mi max 1)
Melans, 08 Aug 2017Which is better, a sort of good condition iphone 6 16gb, a used iphone 5s 32gb in a GREAT cond... moreA fairly used iphone 6 will do for you bro. The only one on the list that'll take you three years without any problems; A fairly used iphone 6 will do for you bro. The only one on the list that'll take you three years without any problems
Melans, 08 Aug 2017Which is better, a sort of good condition iphone 6 16gb, a used iphone 5s 32gb in a GREAT cond... moreRedmi note 4 is suggested for you, based on your preferences :::
 # long lasting battery
 #superb selfie cam compared to the other models
 # 1yr warranty as it is brand new
 # good screen size
 # good storage 
 # notification lights; Redmi note 4 is suggested for you, based on your preferences :::; # long lasting battery; #superb selfie cam compared to the other models; # 1yr warranty as it is brand new; # good screen size; # good storage; # notification lights
Which is better, a sort of good condition iphone 6 16gb, a used iphone 5s 32gb in a GREAT condition or a new Xiaomi redmi note 4 32gb and 3gb ram model?
 things to keep in mind:i need a phone for my college phase and i will not be able to change it for maybe 3 years or even more and i will not use it much too so just a one day battery is enough as well as i take selfies and stuff but not alot i want a phone that lasts this many years without freezing i came from a single core samsung phone so yeah..
 Thanks in advance.; Which is better, a sort of good condition iphone 6 16gb, a used iphone 5s 32gb in a GREAT condition or a new Xiaomi redmi note 4 32gb and 3gb ram model?; things to keep in mind:i need a phone for my college phase and i will not be able to change it for maybe 3 years or even more and i will not use it much too so just a one day battery is enough as well as i take selfies and stuff but not alot i want a phone that lasts this many years without freezing i came from a single core samsung phone so yeah..; Thanks in advance.
How do I change the front glass which is broken.; How do I change the front glass which is broken.
my first new device of I-phone 6 used 13 months and it had problem as overheated and beyond repair some more. The apple repair centre only gave me one option for trade in a re-con Iphone 6 because out of warranty. After 4 months ,the re-con set got software issue and it unable accept calls. So they advised me to buy new one with full price. So i am idiot; my first new device of I-phone 6 used 13 months and it had problem as overheated and beyond repair some more. The apple repair centre only gave me one option for trade in a re-con Iphone 6 because out of warranty. After 4 months ,the re-con set got software issue and it unable accept calls. So they advised me to buy new one with full price. So i am idiot
Victor, 06 Aug 2017Is it good if i buy iphone 6 at 24k INR, hows the camera quality and battery performance. I ju... moreThe iPhone 6 won't be able to match your S5 in battery. Camera will be about the same. The performance will be better than with your Samsung, lag is uncommon with this phone. It's got 4G and has a good enough graphics card to play almost all games smoothly.
 
 But overall, it's not a big upgrade from your S5. If you can't live with a battery life worse than that of the Galaxy, you should look for the bigger "Plus" models. And else, you should save up some extra money to go with the iPhone 6s as that one got major upgrades in durability (series 7000 aluminum), processor (70% faster), graphics (90% faster), storage (100% faster), front camera (5MP and other changes), back camera (video capabilities and picture quality), Touch ID 2 and battery life, as well as extras like 3D Touch and fixes from common iPhone 6 problems like touch disease, moving front camera, broken OIS on the plus model and the famous bend-gate which isn't actually as bad as touch disease.
 
 One last note: If you don't need the newer design and big screen, you can also look for the SE. It's a 6s minus 2nd gen Touch ID (which means it's 2 times faster), 3D Touch, 5MP front cam and the brighter and more colorful display of newer generations, but it's got better battery life and is much cheaper, and at that price, you can gratefully ignore those little details.; The iPhone 6 won't be able to match your S5 in battery. Camera will be about the same. The performance will be better than with your Samsung, lag is uncommon with this phone. It's got 4G and has a good enough graphics card to play almost all games smoothly.; But overall, it's not a big upgrade from your S5. If you can't live with a battery life worse than that of the Galaxy, you should look for the bigger "Plus" models. And else, you should save up some extra money to go with the iPhone 6s as that one got major upgrades in durability (series 7000 aluminum), processor (70% faster), graphics (90% faster), storage (100% faster), front camera (5MP and other changes), back camera (video capabilities and picture quality), Touch ID 2 and battery life, as well as extras like 3D Touch and fixes from common iPhone 6 problems like touch disease, moving front camera, broken OIS on the plus model and the famous bend-gate which isn't actually as bad as touch disease.; One last note: If you don't need the newer design and big screen, you can also look for the SE. It's a 6s minus 2nd gen Touch ID (which means it's 2 times faster), 3D Touch, 5MP front cam and the brighter and more colorful display of newer generations, but it's got better battery life and is much cheaper, and at that price, you can gratefully ignore those little details.
Neji, 05 Aug 2017 Which one is better between iphone 6 and sony xperia xa ultra ?iPhone 6; iPhone 6
Is it good if i buy iphone 6 at 24k INR, hows the camera quality and battery performance. I just play asphalt 8 and i have been using samsung s5 for last one year which is only 3g and hangs a lot. But the rear camera and battery back up is just awesome. Thanks in advance.; Is it good if i buy iphone 6 at 24k INR, hows the camera quality and battery performance. I just play asphalt 8 and i have been using samsung s5 for last one year which is only 3g and hangs a lot. But the rear camera and battery back up is just awesome. Thanks in advance.
Which one is better between iphone 6 and sony xperia xa ultra ?; Which one is better between iphone 6 and sony xperia xa ultra ?
Anonymous, 29 Jul 2017which one is better between ip6 and se?which is between spec and priceSE is better, it's a small 6s.; SE is better, it's a small 6s.
Anonymous, 24 Jul 2017Then I can't say anything about it. I have an iPhone 5 that I used for 4 years and it still wo... morewhich one is better between ip6 and se?which is between spec and price; which one is better between ip6 and se?which is between spec and price
Ghor, 28 Jul 20172 years, handled it with care, ask and find how to handle your iphone. never have issues, now... moreStop acting like a foul okay sometimes people get faulty units and it doesn't have to do anything with sweet care and praise.; Stop acting like a foul okay sometimes people get faulty units and it doesn't have to do anything with sweet care and praise.
Anonymous, 24 Jul 2017Then I can't say anything about it. I have an iPhone 5 that I used for 4 years and it still wo... morei6 had the most problem until now? You can't generalize quality of a product by the pattern. Apple it's a big company, they've big R&D division to analyze and resolve the problem. 
 How about iphone 5s that have issue with the heat problem?
 
 iphone it's a mass product, even the apple itself can't predict how these million iphone works after shipped. So you're making a conclusion base on a pattern ( S/ no S). That's very genius; i6 had the most problem until now? You can't generalize quality of a product by the pattern. Apple it's a big company, they've big R&D division to analyze and resolve the problem.; How about iphone 5s that have issue with the heat problem?; iphone it's a mass product, even the apple itself can't predict how these million iphone works after shipped. So you're making a conclusion base on a pattern ( S/ no S). That's very genius
2 years, handled it with care, ask and find how to handle your iphone.
 never have issues, now running ios 10.3.3 very smoothly; 2 years, handled it with care, ask and find how to handle your iphone.; never have issues, now running ios 10.3.3 very smoothly
ccspyl, 24 Jul 2017My niece iphone 6 also had same problem after 2+ years. Waited at apple service centre for mor... moreThen I can't say anything about it. I have an iPhone 5 that I used for 4 years and it still works, except for the volume down button and one of the 3 mics. The volume down button broke because I dropped it into soup, this could also be why one mic doesn't work anymore and makes Siri unusable. But I almost never use Siri. I also think that the volume button could have been changed for free since it was only half a year after I bought it, but I didn't know it.
 I later bought an Xperia M4 Aqua, which had much worse problems. It lagged way more than my iPhone, the back was completely messed up with scratches even though I used a case, the storage was too small, and that was when I decided to stick to iPhone. You also hear many problems about Samsung. And the iPhone 6 seems to be a really badly constructed phone because I know somebody whose front cam moved to the left by itself, then the touch IC problem, iPhone 6 plus OIS defect, "bend gate" which isn't as bad as those other problems but was made big by media. But that is always the price you pay if you buy a non "s" phone.
 
 The iPhone 4 had antenna problem, the 4s fixed it.
 The iPhone 5 slate had scuff problem, the 5s space grey fixed it.
 The iPhone 5 had LTE only with few carriers in few places, the 5s and 5c fixed it.
 The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus had all these many problems, and all of those were fixed by 6s and 6s Plus.
 And the iPhone 7 is not a radical change from 6s. I think that completely new iPhone 8 will have as many problems as new features.
 You can see a pattern. And the iPhone 6 had the most problems until now because it was the most radical redesign.
 
 That doesn't mean I don't accept what you're saying, and that I defend Apple. No, I think it is really bad how you and your relative were being ignored by Apple, and I can understand why you are so annoyed. After reading your experiences, I wouldn't recommend anybody buying the iPhone 6 (I wouldn't do it either because it is overpriced when the better iPhone SE is cheaper).
 
 But that's not the case with every iPhone. I didn't hear many problems about the 4s, 5s, 5c, 6s until now (and the 7 is too new). And the iPhone 5 problem was not that much of an issue, especially if you bought the white one. And many Samsungs have problems as well. I heard many reports about a Note having big gap dimensions where you could put in a credit card, a Note that has its pen stuck if you put it in the wrong way, of course the Note that exploded, many Galaxy S and S mini that had expanding batteries, almost every phone with Snapdragon 810 that overheated. And it's the same with cars, our car was completely broke after 6 years, engine spoiled, beyond repair (you can see that pattern as well) so of course we would never buy a car by this brand again. I can understand you. It's just sad how Apple handles that 1 problem. And then of course me as a person who has 5 Apple products and never had really bad problems with them and also much less problems than with their Android/Windows counterparts, I of course want to tell you that not every single Apple product has such problems and is so unreliable. I don't want you to buy a new iPhone, I just want you not think like that about every single device by Apple.; Then I can't say anything about it. I have an iPhone 5 that I used for 4 years and it still works, except for the volume down button and one of the 3 mics. The volume down button broke because I dropped it into soup, this could also be why one mic doesn't work anymore and makes Siri unusable. But I almost never use Siri. I also think that the volume button could have been changed for free since it was only half a year after I bought it, but I didn't know it.; I later bought an Xperia M4 Aqua, which had much worse problems. It lagged way more than my iPhone, the back was completely messed up with scratches even though I used a case, the storage was too small, and that was when I decided to stick to iPhone. You also hear many problems about Samsung. And the iPhone 6 seems to be a really badly constructed phone because I know somebody whose front cam moved to the left by itself, then the touch IC problem, iPhone 6 plus OIS defect, "bend gate" which isn't as bad as those other problems but was made big by media. But that is always the price you pay if you buy a non "s" phone.; The iPhone 4 had antenna problem, the 4s fixed it.; The iPhone 5 slate had scuff problem, the 5s space grey fixed it.; The iPhone 5 had LTE only with few carriers in few places, the 5s and 5c fixed it.; The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus had all these many problems, and all of those were fixed by 6s and 6s Plus.; And the iPhone 7 is not a radical change from 6s. I think that completely new iPhone 8 will have as many problems as new features.; You can see a pattern. And the iPhone 6 had the most problems until now because it was the most radical redesign.; That doesn't mean I don't accept what you're saying, and that I defend Apple. No, I think it is really bad how you and your relative were being ignored by Apple, and I can understand why you are so annoyed. After reading your experiences, I wouldn't recommend anybody buying the iPhone 6 (I wouldn't do it either because it is overpriced when the better iPhone SE is cheaper).; But that's not the case with every iPhone. I didn't hear many problems about the 4s, 5s, 5c, 6s until now (and the 7 is too new). And the iPhone 5 problem was not that much of an issue, especially if you bought the white one. And many Samsungs have problems as well. I heard many reports about a Note having big gap dimensions where you could put in a credit card, a Note that has its pen stuck if you put it in the wrong way, of course the Note that exploded, many Galaxy S and S mini that had expanding batteries, almost every phone with Snapdragon 810 that overheated. And it's the same with cars, our car was completely broke after 6 years, engine spoiled, beyond repair (you can see that pattern as well) so of course we would never buy a car by this brand again. I can understand you. It's just sad how Apple handles that 1 problem. And then of course me as a person who has 5 Apple products and never had really bad problems with them and also much less problems than with their Android/Windows counterparts, I of course want to tell you that not every single Apple product has such problems and is so unreliable. I don't want you to buy a new iPhone, I just want you not think like that about every single device by Apple.
Anonymous, 23 Jul 20171+3 doesn't cost Â€ 450. It costs Â€ 550 which just isn't that great of a deal. I recommend yo... moreI meant 1+5; I meant 1+5
My niece iphone 6 also had same problem after 2+ years. Waited at apple service centre for more than an hour & being told motherboard spoiled, beyond repair, advise to trade in for new iphone 7. What I hate most is my iphone 6 still look like brand new, no scratch & now keep for display only. But my Samsung S4 still working until now. Apple sucks... use all china parts & so ex...; My niece iphone 6 also had same problem after 2+ years. Waited at apple service centre for more than an hour & being told motherboard spoiled, beyond repair, advise to trade in for new iphone 7. What I hate most is my iphone 6 still look like brand new, no scratch & now keep for display only. But my Samsung S4 still working until now. Apple sucks... use all china parts & so ex...
ccspyl, 23 Jul 2017My 3 years old iphone 6 suddenly cannot power on when took out from my bag. Sent to repair sho... moreHow about talking with apple about it? 3rd party repair shops always want to repair something so they can get money.; How about talking with apple about it? 3rd party repair shops always want to repair something so they can get money.
My 3 years old iphone 6 suddenly cannot power on when took out from my bag. Sent to repair shop & being told the motherboard spoiled and too expensive to repair, better buy new phone. iPhone no longer durable yet so expensive. Will shift to other brand.; My 3 years old iphone 6 suddenly cannot power on when took out from my bag. Sent to repair shop & being told the motherboard spoiled and too expensive to repair, better buy new phone. iPhone no longer durable yet so expensive. Will shift to other brand.
Anonymous, 22 Jul 2017Is it worth it to buy an iPhone 6 in 2017? For around 400 dollar at my place. How long will ... moreThis is pretty expensive for an iPhone 6. As I just looked up in my price comparison tool, you can get the way faster and better iPhone 6s for just 430 Â€ in Germany (there is also a sale for Â€ 340, but this is Germany exclusive at the moment). The iPhone SE is based on that faster hardware, without multitouch and a smaller display, and it costs Â€ 300. So if the small screen is ok for you, you should definitely go with SE. In my opinion, it is the phone with the best value on market at the moment. But if you can't deal with SE's small screen but want an iPhone, the 6s is the way to go. You could also look for used phones, where the iPhone 5s and SE have the best value at the moment.; This is pretty expensive for an iPhone 6. As I just looked up in my price comparison tool, you can get the way faster and better iPhone 6s for just 430 Â€ in Germany (there is also a sale for Â€ 340, but this is Germany exclusive at the moment). The iPhone SE is based on that faster hardware, without multitouch and a smaller display, and it costs Â€ 300. So if the small screen is ok for you, you should definitely go with SE. In my opinion, it is the phone with the best value on market at the moment. But if you can't deal with SE's small screen but want an iPhone, the 6s is the way to go. You could also look for used phones, where the iPhone 5s and SE have the best value at the moment.
Xyz, 22 Jul 2017Add 50 more and go for 1+51+3 doesn't cost Â€ 450. It costs Â€ 550 which just isn't that great of a deal. I recommend you to watch TechAltars video about why the OnePlus hype needs to stop.; 1+3 doesn't cost Â€ 450. It costs Â€ 550 which just isn't that great of a deal. I recommend you to watch TechAltars video about why the OnePlus hype needs to stop.
Fraz13, 22 Jul 2017Yes.it's fast and fluid !Add 50 more and go for 1+5; Add 50 more and go for 1+5
Anonymous, 22 Jul 2017Is it worth it to buy an iPhone 6 in 2017? For around 400 dollar at my place. How long will ... moreYes.it's fast and fluid !; Yes.it's fast and fluid !
Is it worth it to buy an iPhone 6 in 2017? For around 400 dollar at my place. 
 How long will it last?; Is it worth it to buy an iPhone 6 in 2017? For around 400 dollar at my place.; How long will it last?
New update 10.3.3 released. Updated and everything is fast and fluid.; New update 10.3.3 released. Updated and everything is fast and fluid.
wanda, 20 Jul 2017Which one is best, 6 or SE?SE over 6
 6s over SE
 
 Just regard price and specs. SE nearly equal to 6S but cheaper than 6. No brainer.; SE over 6; 6s over SE; Just regard price and specs. SE nearly equal to 6S but cheaper than 6. No brainer.
Sarath39, 20 Jul 2017Not an android fan boy Iphones compromises on screen resolution which gives them an edge. You ... moreiPhone SE is mid range. 2016 it was upper mid range. 2017 it dropped so far in price that it is lower mid range. (iPhone SE 16GB is sold by many retailers for Â€ 299); iPhone SE is mid range. 2016 it was upper mid range. 2017 it dropped so far in price that it is lower mid range. (iPhone SE 16GB is sold by many retailers for Â€ 299)
traseej, 19 Jul 2017What? Are you an Android fanboy or what? I had an iPhone 4 since last summer when i upgraded t... moreNot an android fan boy Iphones compromises on screen resolution which gives them an edge. You dont get any budget or midrange ios devices they just makes flagships. Many people switch from a mid range android devices to iphones and are overwhelmed with the perfomance of iphones. I think if you switch from flagship android to ios there is not too much to praise about except for the simple ios ui.; Not an android fan boy Iphones compromises on screen resolution which gives them an edge. You dont get any budget or midrange ios devices they just makes flagships. Many people switch from a mid range android devices to iphones and are overwhelmed with the perfomance of iphones. I think if you switch from flagship android to ios there is not too much to praise about except for the simple ios ui.
wanda, 20 Jul 2017Which one is best, 6 or SE?I would go for iphone 6.
 Bigger display and better design, perfomance wont be an issue unless u do a speed comparison.; I would go for iphone 6.; Bigger display and better design, perfomance wont be an issue unless u do a speed comparison.
Anonymous, 16 Jul 2017Some facts - my Xperia M4 Aqua was laggy directly after I set it up - my iPhone 7 is not ... moreYes iphones handle ram much better.
 Iphone 7 cannot be compared with m4 aqua but there are strong android alternatives wich perform equally well.; Yes iphones handle ram much better.; Iphone 7 cannot be compared with m4 aqua but there are strong android alternatives wich perform equally well.
Which one is best, 6 or SE?; Which one is best, 6 or SE?
Anonymous, 17 Jul 2017always seems to me that IPhone just put a ticking time bomb in there phones so they break afte... moreWhat? Are you an Android fanboy or what? I had an iPhone 4 since last summer when i upgraded to 6 S Plus. iPhones are far better in everything compared to Android phones!; What? Are you an Android fanboy or what? I had an iPhone 4 since last summer when i upgraded to 6 S Plus. iPhones are far better in everything compared to Android phones!
Hi everyone, just want to ask why my iphone 6 suddenly weak battery? I just update the latest version.; Hi everyone, just want to ask why my iphone 6 suddenly weak battery? I just update the latest version.
Anonymous, 17 Jul 2017always seems to me that IPhone just put a ticking time bomb in there phones so they break afte... moreiPhones have much better longlievity than samsung. Several more years of updates, higher built quality. My iPhobe 5 survived 5 years of constant usage, I even bought an iPhone 4 in really good condition after all those years. "I feel like they put a bomb into iPhones, buy Samsung" is not an argument; iPhones have much better longlievity than samsung. Several more years of updates, higher built quality. My iPhobe 5 survived 5 years of constant usage, I even bought an iPhone 4 in really good condition after all those years. "I feel like they put a bomb into iPhones, buy Samsung" is not an argument
always seems to me that IPhone just put a ticking time bomb in there phones so they break after 2 years leaving you no choice but to get another one. hate APPLE Going to Samsung!!; always seems to me that IPhone just put a ticking time bomb in there phones so they break after 2 years leaving you no choice but to get another one. hate APPLE Going to Samsung!!
smoke-666, 15 Jul 2017:D saying hi from kitkat on LG Gpro man you have no idea about what you are talking about righ... moreSome facts 
 
 - my Xperia M4 Aqua was laggy directly after I set it up
 - my iPhone 7 is not laggy at all and I never close my background apps
 - my iPhone 7 is not deleting data by itself as well
 - I didn't say an old android system is laggy, but it isn't safe
 - you can't say android handles the ram better. It is known that iPhones have way superior ram management
 - you should start to use punctuation marks; Some facts; - my Xperia M4 Aqua was laggy directly after I set it up; - my iPhone 7 is not laggy at all and I never close my background apps; - my iPhone 7 is not deleting data by itself as well; - I didn't say an old android system is laggy, but it isn't safe; - you can't say android handles the ram better. It is known that iPhones have way superior ram management; - you should start to use punctuation marks
Anonymous, 10 Jul 2017NEver heard such cr*p from a fanboy desperately defending android. It´s obvious that iPh... more:D saying hi from kitkat on LG Gpro man you have no idea about what you are talking about right ;) update on android :D running the last update of every single application that i have 150 running application everything is okay :D there is update called android play service if my phone didn't update the patch security the android play services is updated so every single application is full updated there is nothing to worry about it my second device is running android 6.0 latest security update just 2 month a go when you compare android to iphone remember both is doing the same thing but android is more flexible it gives you the choice lagging or getting slow it's about the user not the device i did use iphone 6s plus 128 GB it was laggy and deleting data by itself after replacing it and after using 50 GB of storage i found that ram can't handle too much apps running in the same time beside the storage too many times on IOS 9 force close my apps even if it was the one i am using it :) 
 look in android i can open almost 60 app running in back ground i go back to my apps open fast as i left it and running my apps side by side i also enjoy to have the choice to encrypting my data or leaving it just it is plus i get more could storage i have 100 GB for 2 years for free on every single device i have which is LG devices so i am using the first free offer and waiting to use the second one i got only 3 gb on i cloud just shame on device almost 20000 LE i am egyptian so it's pretty expensive i am a mac user tell me why i use android simply cus it's fast safe secure i know how to use it on my own way my fav browser my fav gallery app and my fav music player every single app is running i am letting it running i don't need apple to choose my fav apps for me or even can't take my whatsapp data from the device when i broke my screen i own the device apple didn't know how to help me so they decide to send me the team help or whatsapp and whatsapp told me contact apple again :D man there is no way to compare apple it just 1 way to use it android it's your way i can transfer my date between my devices easily and fast and secure i can download my songs and put them in my playlist without pc and i can even play them from my music player without downloading them from my default music player i can also see my gallery online without downloading them from the default gallery app that i have remember man you have to control the technology not the technology is controlling you about my old device is 6 years old :D is faster then my brother iphone 5s :D camera is more sharp and i have a manual control on my second device which is i cannot found it on any iphone and it's better camera then iphone 7 i just tried to compare when it comes to manual iphone lose i don't hate iphone or even like it i just want this peace of technology to do what i want to do in the way i like right that's why i am paying money for have a nice day; :D saying hi from kitkat on LG Gpro man you have no idea about what you are talking about right ;) update on android :D running the last update of every single application that i have 150 running application everything is okay :D there is update called android play service if my phone didn't update the patch security the android play services is updated so every single application is full updated there is nothing to worry about it my second device is running android 6.0 latest security update just 2 month a go when you compare android to iphone remember both is doing the same thing but android is more flexible it gives you the choice lagging or getting slow it's about the user not the device i did use iphone 6s plus 128 GB it was laggy and deleting data by itself after replacing it and after using 50 GB of storage i found that ram can't handle too much apps running in the same time beside the storage too many times on IOS 9 force close my apps even if it was the one i am using it :); look in android i can open almost 60 app running in back ground i go back to my apps open fast as i left it and running my apps side by side i also enjoy to have the choice to encrypting my data or leaving it just it is plus i get more could storage i have 100 GB for 2 years for free on every single device i have which is LG devices so i am using the first free offer and waiting to use the second one i got only 3 gb on i cloud just shame on device almost 20000 LE i am egyptian so it's pretty expensive i am a mac user tell me why i use android simply cus it's fast safe secure i know how to use it on my own way my fav browser my fav gallery app and my fav music player every single app is running i am letting it running i don't need apple to choose my fav apps for me or even can't take my whatsapp data from the device when i broke my screen i own the device apple didn't know how to help me so they decide to send me the team help or whatsapp and whatsapp told me contact apple again :D man there is no way to compare apple it just 1 way to use it android it's your way i can transfer my date between my devices easily and fast and secure i can download my songs and put them in my playlist without pc and i can even play them from my music player without downloading them from my default music player i can also see my gallery online without downloading them from the default gallery app that i have remember man you have to control the technology not the technology is controlling you about my old device is 6 years old :D is faster then my brother iphone 5s :D camera is more sharp and i have a manual control on my second device which is i cannot found it on any iphone and it's better camera then iphone 7 i just tried to compare when it comes to manual iphone lose i don't hate iphone or even like it i just want this peace of technology to do what i want to do in the way i like right that's why i am paying money for have a nice day
Chap1, 12 Jul 2017Thank you very much,i ve been searching for that answer everywhere and finaly i ve got an answ... moreYes, I think so. I hope we'll finally reach a point where iOS doesn't become much heavier every year so that there won't be laggy messes like the iPhone 4s anymore. And I also hope that Apple finally goes all in with RAM instead of saving a few pennies so that iPhones become even more future proof.; Yes, I think so. I hope we'll finally reach a point where iOS doesn't become much heavier every year so that there won't be laggy messes like the iPhone 4s anymore. And I also hope that Apple finally goes all in with RAM instead of saving a few pennies so that iPhones become even more future proof.
Chap1, 11 Jul 2017Ok,thanks,but my question was about performance(anyone who used or is using iphone more than 2... moreiphones are faster than android; iphones are faster than android
Anonymous, 11 Jul 2017Ok, I'll just grab my iPhone 5 and share my experiences Note that it's a 16GB unit running iO... moreThank you very much,i ve been searching for that answer everywhere and finaly i ve got an answer; dont you think its going only to be better,every new iphone is more powerful and also more ram(i know,its iOS,it doesnt need that much ram like androids), but 5 have only 1 gb of ram and now iphone 7 PLUS has 3 gb.; Thank you very much,i ve been searching for that answer everywhere and finaly i ve got an answer; dont you think its going only to be better,every new iphone is more powerful and also more ram(i know,its iOS,it doesnt need that much ram like androids), but 5 have only 1 gb of ram and now iphone 7 PLUS has 3 gb.
Chap1, 11 Jul 2017Ok,thanks,but my question was about performance(anyone who used or is using iphone more than 2... moreI found the iPhone 6 great but don't go near water as it really mucks up the phone which for me the performance then was crappy.; I found the iPhone 6 great but don't go near water as it really mucks up the phone which for me the performance then was crappy.
Chap1, 11 Jul 2017Ok,thanks,but my question was about performance(anyone who used or is using iphone more than 2... moreOk, I'll just grab my iPhone 5 and share my experiences
 Note that it's a 16GB unit running iOS 10.3.1.
 
 When I typed in the password, the unlock animation wasn't completely fluid. I redid it and it was fluid. Then many notifications came in because I didn't use it for a while. I open the settings app to see which software it is running. The opening animation, the submenu animation and the back swiping animation are all fluid. There is a little delay compared to my iPhone 7 when going into a sub menu, about 0.3 seconds, so you don't notice it if you don't compare it side by side. Going into the App Store, the animations are buttery smooth, but loading the main page takes a couple of seconds (like 5 secs). I go into Clash royale, but I have to download an update to use it. Downloading the update takes about half a minute, and another 5 seconds to install it. Loading the game takes a little more than 5 seconds, something like 8 seconds. Donating cards, reading new messages, everything is fast and fluid, but I notice that the phone starts to heat up a little bit (even though it's not as bad as with for example my Xperia M4 Aqua). I do a test battle, it's not exactly 60fps but pretty close, I guess 50fps. Swiping up the control center for the first time since startup takes 2 seconds to come up, but then it's smooth if I do it over and over. Same goes for notification center. Going into the widget page, it's not completely fast, I would tip 20fps, but using it is fluid again. Opening youtube and loading a video is fast once again. Scrolling through comments is usable, but not as much of a pleasure as doing it on my iPhone 7. Closing the same video is a little laggy, but closing the app is 60fps. Loading the newest weather information takes a second, using the app is fast without any lag. Camera app takes a second to load and a second to focus. Taking some pictures, the first 2 took a second, but the other ones were instant. Opening the photos, zooming in, scrolling through, all of that is no problem for it. Setting an alarm is instant. The phone kept being warm, but not hot like when I loaded clash royale.
 
 So this is how an iPhone performs after 5 years with its last update. I could still imagine using it (like I did a few months ago). But every iPhone before iPhone 5 was laggy on its last update, except iPhone 3GS with iOS 6. So you can't be completely sure if the next iPhones will age that well again performance-wise, but I'm pretty sure as the iPhone 5 was 3 times as fast as the 4s and that's just a whole new level, and then the 5s came and it was twice as fast once again.; Ok, I'll just grab my iPhone 5 and share my experiences; Note that it's a 16GB unit running iOS 10.3.1.; When I typed in the password, the unlock animation wasn't completely fluid. I redid it and it was fluid. Then many notifications came in because I didn't use it for a while. I open the settings app to see which software it is running. The opening animation, the submenu animation and the back swiping animation are all fluid. There is a little delay compared to my iPhone 7 when going into a sub menu, about 0.3 seconds, so you don't notice it if you don't compare it side by side. Going into the App Store, the animations are buttery smooth, but loading the main page takes a couple of seconds (like 5 secs). I go into Clash royale, but I have to download an update to use it. Downloading the update takes about half a minute, and another 5 seconds to install it. Loading the game takes a little more than 5 seconds, something like 8 seconds. Donating cards, reading new messages, everything is fast and fluid, but I notice that the phone starts to heat up a little bit (even though it's not as bad as with for example my Xperia M4 Aqua). I do a test battle, it's not exactly 60fps but pretty close, I guess 50fps. Swiping up the control center for the first time since startup takes 2 seconds to come up, but then it's smooth if I do it over and over. Same goes for notification center. Going into the widget page, it's not completely fast, I would tip 20fps, but using it is fluid again. Opening youtube and loading a video is fast once again. Scrolling through comments is usable, but not as much of a pleasure as doing it on my iPhone 7. Closing the same video is a little laggy, but closing the app is 60fps. Loading the newest weather information takes a second, using the app is fast without any lag. Camera app takes a second to load and a second to focus. Taking some pictures, the first 2 took a second, but the other ones were instant. Opening the photos, zooming in, scrolling through, all of that is no problem for it. Setting an alarm is instant. The phone kept being warm, but not hot like when I loaded clash royale.; So this is how an iPhone performs after 5 years with its last update. I could still imagine using it (like I did a few months ago). But every iPhone before iPhone 5 was laggy on its last update, except iPhone 3GS with iOS 6. So you can't be completely sure if the next iPhones will age that well again performance-wise, but I'm pretty sure as the iPhone 5 was 3 times as fast as the 4s and that's just a whole new level, and then the 5s came and it was twice as fast once again.
Anonymous, 10 Jul 2017If you do a complete reset every year, and your phone is a flagship, of course it is great. Bu... moreOk,thanks,but my question was about performance(anyone who used or is using iphone more than 2 years can answer me) ; is it really true that iphone is much faster than android or is it just a small difference in every day use; and even more important to me- everyone is saying how smooth and fluid Iphone is,much more fluid than any android! So,is this really true? Never lags? Even after longer period and updates?!; Ok,thanks,but my question was about performance(anyone who used or is using iphone more than 2 years can answer me) ; is it really true that iphone is much faster than android or is it just a small difference in every day use; and even more important to me- everyone is saying how smooth and fluid Iphone is,much more fluid than any android! So,is this really true? Never lags? Even after longer period and updates?!
Chap1, 10 Jul 2017But Sony phones also work great after a longer period,my more than 3 years old z1 works just l... moreIf you do a complete reset every year, and your phone is a flagship, of course it is great. But as you can see, your phone doesnÂ‘t support any software higher than 5.1.1 (if I remember correctly), which means you donÂ‘t have the security if you donÂ‘t get security updates every month, and your phone basically has less features than the comparable iPhone 5s which will get some new features with iOS 11 and also got some with iOS 10 and iOS 9. And because Sony has to make different ROMs for every phone they have, they donÂ‘t have as much time to care about bug fixes, while Apple has one OS for every device (for example, iOS 10.3.2 for the iPhone 5 has the same build number as this software for the iPhone 7, itÂ‘s only lacking some features which you canÂ‘t get because of its old twch, like 3D Touch or background tracking for your steps because of missing co-processor) which also means it gets the updates timely. But it is great that you bought a flagship phone, mid range and low end phones are pure cr*p and outdated and out of support as soon as you unbox them.; If you do a complete reset every year, and your phone is a flagship, of course it is great. But as you can see, your phone doesnÂ‘t support any software higher than 5.1.1 (if I remember correctly), which means you donÂ‘t have the security if you donÂ‘t get security updates every month, and your phone basically has less features than the comparable iPhone 5s which will get some new features with iOS 11 and also got some with iOS 10 and iOS 9. And because Sony has to make different ROMs for every phone they have, they donÂ‘t have as much time to care about bug fixes, while Apple has one OS for every device (for example, iOS 10.3.2 for the iPhone 5 has the same build number as this software for the iPhone 7, itÂ‘s only lacking some features which you canÂ‘t get because of its old twch, like 3D Touch or background tracking for your steps because of missing co-processor) which also means it gets the updates timely. But it is great that you bought a flagship phone, mid range and low end phones are pure cr*p and outdated and out of support as soon as you unbox them.
Justin Ha, 09 Jul 2017Get an a Samsung galaxy s7 because it has a display of 1440p and the iPhone has a meagre 720p ... moreNEver heard such cr*p from a fanboy desperately defending android. It´s obvious that iPhones get longer software support, you obviously didnÂ‘t ever use an iPhone. My iPhone 5 with iOS 10.3.1 still works great, only loading times are longer but thatÂ‘s just because it is a 5 years old phone. And it is still faster and much less laggy than the Xperia M4 Aqua from 2015. Please stop spreading bs. And even though the res is only 640p, it is still sharp because it is 4Â‘Â‘ in size. And compared to the Galaxy S3 and S4, itÂ‘s rivals, it gets software update while those didnÂ‘t get any update since years and they were just left behind in the dust to slowly and painfully die (which you could also say abput their users). This adds much more security to the phone, I wouldnÂ‘t dare to use an Android 4.2 device today. And if you compare them now, it is faster and the refined LCD doesnÂ‘t have oversaturated colors or bad image retention like the early AMOLEDs which looked really innatural (today, they are good because they are refined, but back in the day LCD just worked better). There shouldnÂ‘t be anybody listening to such data sheet f*gs.; NEver heard such cr*p from a fanboy desperately defending android. It´s obvious that iPhones get longer software support, you obviously didnÂ‘t ever use an iPhone. My iPhone 5 with iOS 10.3.1 still works great, only loading times are longer but thatÂ‘s just because it is a 5 years old phone. And it is still faster and much less laggy than the Xperia M4 Aqua from 2015. Please stop spreading bs. And even though the res is only 640p, it is still sharp because it is 4Â‘Â‘ in size. And compared to the Galaxy S3 and S4, itÂ‘s rivals, it gets software update while those didnÂ‘t get any update since years and they were just left behind in the dust to slowly and painfully die (which you could also say abput their users). This adds much more security to the phone, I wouldnÂ‘t dare to use an Android 4.2 device today. And if you compare them now, it is faster and the refined LCD doesnÂ‘t have oversaturated colors or bad image retention like the early AMOLEDs which looked really innatural (today, they are good because they are refined, but back in the day LCD just worked better). There shouldnÂ‘t be anybody listening to such data sheet f*gs.
Rayne, 09 Jul 2017hey thanks man. the reason i prefer iphone is that apple is really good at supporting its devi... moreIt´s also the same with me. I used an iPhone 5 for 5 years and now that the support is ending (and it also got dust under display and the lower volume button didnt work, but that´s my fault), I bought an iPhone 7 and I know that i will use it for 5 years or even more. In 2015, I bought an Xperia M4 Aqua but it was bs that I switched back to iPhone 5 (In the meanwhile it lost 70% of its value) so I will never do such things again.; It´s also the same with me. I used an iPhone 5 for 5 years and now that the support is ending (and it also got dust under display and the lower volume button didnt work, but that´s my fault), I bought an iPhone 7 and I know that i will use it for 5 years or even more. In 2015, I bought an Xperia M4 Aqua but it was bs that I switched back to iPhone 5 (In the meanwhile it lost 70% of its value) so I will never do such things again.
G P, 09 Jul 2017I think iPhone 6 32 GB is available in India at around 26k.at this price it's value for money.... moreBut Sony phones also work great after a longer period,my more than 3 years old z1 works just like the day i got it; now,my question is; does iphone perform really that better than any android,including Sony,Htc and pure android like Pixel(Nexus) or its just a small difference?; But Sony phones also work great after a longer period,my more than 3 years old z1 works just like the day i got it; now,my question is; does iphone perform really that better than any android,including Sony,Htc and pure android like Pixel(Nexus) or its just a small difference?
Justin Ha, 09 Jul 2017Get an a Samsung galaxy s7 because it has a display of 1440p and the iPhone has a meagre 720p ... moreThe galaxy s7 isn't cheap.; The galaxy s7 isn't cheap.
Rayne , 08 Jul 2017Should I get the iPhone 6 32gb (2017) or go for mid range android phone?? Please help I need a... moreGet an a Samsung galaxy s7 because it has a display of 1440p and the iPhone has a meagre 720p and you would get support for 2 years and same with the iPhone 6 but apple likes to slow it down to the point you can't use it but the s7 if they stopped software you could add a custom rom for a new version of android once the iPhone reaches iOS 12 apple will stop supporting it and you have no choice but to scrap your iPhone because after apps will stop supporting iOS 12; Get an a Samsung galaxy s7 because it has a display of 1440p and the iPhone has a meagre 720p and you would get support for 2 years and same with the iPhone 6 but apple likes to slow it down to the point you can't use it but the s7 if they stopped software you could add a custom rom for a new version of android once the iPhone reaches iOS 12 apple will stop supporting it and you have no choice but to scrap your iPhone because after apps will stop supporting iOS 12
Rayne , 08 Jul 2017Should I get the iPhone 6 32gb (2017) or go for mid range android phone?? Please help I need a... moreI think iPhone 6 32 GB is available in India at around 26k.at this price it's value for money.Android phones are good spec wise but except one or two brands there performance is not upto the mark.most phones start slowing down after six or seven months of uses.I am using iPhone 6 for the last 2 years and the performance is as good as it was 2 years ago.; I think iPhone 6 32 GB is available in India at around 26k.at this price it's value for money.Android phones are good spec wise but except one or two brands there performance is not upto the mark.most phones start slowing down after six or seven months of uses.I am using iPhone 6 for the last 2 years and the performance is as good as it was 2 years ago.
Anonymous, 08 Jul 2017neither the 32gb iPhone 6 is overpriced because it is new mid range phones will never reac... morehey thanks man. the reason i prefer iphone is that apple is really good at supporting its device for long period of time the iphone 5s is receiving latest ios 11. i dont like the idea of changing phones every single year.; hey thanks man. the reason i prefer iphone is that apple is really good at supporting its device for long period of time the iphone 5s is receiving latest ios 11. i dont like the idea of changing phones every single year.
Rayne , 08 Jul 2017Should I get the iPhone 6 32gb (2017) or go for mid range android phone?? Please help I need a... moreneither
 
 the 32gb iPhone 6 is overpriced because it is new
 mid range phones will never reach high end quality
 
 so I would recommend iPhone 6s, iPhone SE and
 if you definitely want an iPhone, but cheaper then an used 5s or 6 from eBay
 or you can also wait until iPhone 6 32GB gets a reasonable price
 
 other than that, you can also look out for high end android phones, they don't have to be the newest. The 1 year old flagships usually have great value, so now that would be Galaxy S7, LG G5, Xperia X Performance/XZ, Huawei P9, Honor 8, HTC 10, and things like that. If you live in India or China, I definitely recommend Xiaomi. Their phones usually have one of the best value you can find.
 What I wouldn't recommend are Nokia phones, they are just driven by the hype about the old brand. And almost every other mid range phone doesn't have good value as well. Honorable mentions are just the Xiaomi like said before, and some Motos; neither; the 32gb iPhone 6 is overpriced because it is new; mid range phones will never reach high end quality; so I would recommend iPhone 6s, iPhone SE and; if you definitely want an iPhone, but cheaper then an used 5s or 6 from eBay; or you can also wait until iPhone 6 32GB gets a reasonable price; other than that, you can also look out for high end android phones, they don't have to be the newest. The 1 year old flagships usually have great value, so now that would be Galaxy S7, LG G5, Xperia X Performance/XZ, Huawei P9, Honor 8, HTC 10, and things like that. If you live in India or China, I definitely recommend Xiaomi. Their phones usually have one of the best value you can find.; What I wouldn't recommend are Nokia phones, they are just driven by the hype about the old brand. And almost every other mid range phone doesn't have good value as well. Honorable mentions are just the Xiaomi like said before, and some Motos
Should I get the iPhone 6 32gb (2017) or go for mid range android phone?? Please help I need a unbiased reply.; Should I get the iPhone 6 32gb (2017) or go for mid range android phone?? Please help I need a unbiased reply.
Helloitse, 07 Jul 2017Is it worth buying iphone 6 in todays time Not that much, I would rather buy the iPhone SE, 6s, or a phone from another brand. The 5s and 6 are only priced good if you buy them used, because they aren't produced anymore so if you buy them new, you will have to pay a relatively high price.; Not that much, I would rather buy the iPhone SE, 6s, or a phone from another brand. The 5s and 6 are only priced good if you buy them used, because they aren't produced anymore so if you buy them new, you will have to pay a relatively high price.
Bablu, 08 Jul 2017In iphone6s, While using wifi my main balance getting detected. Is it possible to stop that?Your main balance? Do you speak about money? I can't imagine what you want to say.; Your main balance? Do you speak about money? I can't imagine what you want to say.
pappu, 29 Jun 2017even xiaomi redmi 4 is far far better then this... in terms of its price and features... In iphone6s, While using wifi my main balance getting detected. Is it possible to stop that?; In iphone6s, While using wifi my main balance getting detected. Is it possible to stop that?
Is it worth buying iphone 6 in todays time; Is it worth buying iphone 6 in todays time
ravi, 05 Jul 2017Plzz tell me about the buttery life oof this i phone 6not great, but usable. You can also look at the GSMArena battery life rating at the bottom of the spec sheet and click it to compare with other phones. For example, the Xperia Z3 Compact is known as a battery beast with 101h while this has 61h. (I still would buy the iPhone because battery life is not everything); not great, but usable. You can also look at the GSMArena battery life rating at the bottom of the spec sheet and click it to compare with other phones. For example, the Xperia Z3 Compact is known as a battery beast with 101h while this has 61h. (I still would buy the iPhone because battery life is not everything)
Sheryar k, 04 Jul 2017iam using iphone 6 from almost 2 years , it working like cham , i really like it..soo i also p... morePlzz tell me about the buttery life oof this i phone 6; Plzz tell me about the buttery life oof this i phone 6
Any one tell me about the buttery life of i phone 6?????; Any one tell me about the buttery life of i phone 6?????
iam using iphone 6 from almost 2 years , it working like cham , i really like it..soo i also prefer to every one; iam using iphone 6 from almost 2 years , it working like cham , i really like it..soo i also prefer to every one
iphone 6 is great phone in all aspects ,now days every local phone copyying ,iphones style ,look etc; iphone 6 is great phone in all aspects ,now days every local phone copyying ,iphones style ,look etc
Anonymous, 01 Jul 2017I really like Xiaomi but buying it outside of India and China doesn't really make sense becaus... moreand in foreign countries the apple phones are not so expensive as india. so they can buy apple phones in better price; and in foreign countries the apple phones are not so expensive as india. so they can buy apple phones in better price
Anonymous, 01 Jul 2017What model of xiaomi??i have redmi 4a; i have redmi 4a
Anonymous, 01 Jul 2017I really like Xiaomi but buying it outside of India and China doesn't really make sense becaus... moreya its true. but for an indian or chinese people are more like to buy xiaomi and you know in india there is shortage of xiaomi phones...peoples are crazy for it; ya its true. but for an indian or chinese people are more like to buy xiaomi and you know in india there is shortage of xiaomi phones...peoples are crazy for it
pappu, 29 Jun 2017my frnd has iphone 6 .. its always get heated up.. and i have xiaomi .. no problem at all .. m... moreI really like Xiaomi but buying it outside of India and China doesn't really make sense because in other countries, there is no support for it. So for example in Germany, people shouldn't buy Xiaomi.; I really like Xiaomi but buying it outside of India and China doesn't really make sense because in other countries, there is no support for it. So for example in Germany, people shouldn't buy Xiaomi.
pappu, 29 Jun 2017my frnd has iphone 6 .. its always get heated up.. and i have xiaomi .. no problem at all .. m... moreWhat model of xiaomi??; What model of xiaomi??
Prashant azad, 25 Jun 2017This is a real review You can't find all useful apps free like android but its a good thin... moreiphone is good but it cant give great value for money... here xiaomi did very good job.. providing many features in less price package..; iphone is good but it cant give great value for money... here xiaomi did very good job.. providing many features in less price package..
Anonymous, 29 Jun 2017not really, go get some knowledge about technologymy frnd has iphone 6 .. its always get heated up.. and i have xiaomi .. no problem at all .. may he have defective piece...if you want security , stablity and durablity then go for apple otherwise in terms of customization and features go for xiaomi .. it depends on use. . xiaomi phones gives most of the sensors at low price. even xiaomi gives IR blaster which is not in this phone.. in india apple phones are very overpriced .. if the phone price is about 15k Rs. less then its selling price. then i would say that apple is far far better; my frnd has iphone 6 .. its always get heated up.. and i have xiaomi .. no problem at all .. may he have defective piece...if you want security , stablity and durablity then go for apple otherwise in terms of customization and features go for xiaomi .. it depends on use. . xiaomi phones gives most of the sensors at low price. even xiaomi gives IR blaster which is not in this phone.. in india apple phones are very overpriced .. if the phone price is about 15k Rs. less then its selling price. then i would say that apple is far far better
Makhan., 29 Jun 2017Thinking about getting iphone se becouse of its powerful for playing games but i thing its scr... moreYou should look out for a cheap iPhone 6s, maybe with contract.; You should look out for a cheap iPhone 6s, maybe with contract.
paco2x, 28 Jun 2017I have doubts about the iPhone 6 could go beyond iOS 11 even if the device is capable of iOS 1... moreyour comment seems fair, but isn't based on real experience. If Apple was a company supporting planned obsolescence, they wouldn't give their phones 5 years of updates, but only 2 like every other android manufacturer dealing with their high end phones (except google giving 3 years). And the fact is just that Galaxy A5 2017 doesn't have the best value, and its all A53 chips is not fast at all compared to the flagship SoC in iPhone 6. iPhone 6 itself doesn't have the best value, because the iPhones it is in-between, which are the 5s and SE, both offer way better value. iPhone 6 is asked a lot because everybody wants the bigger screen for least price, but looking at its internals, it is not a bargain and as you know, supply and demand then makes this phone more expensive.; your comment seems fair, but isn't based on real experience. If Apple was a company supporting planned obsolescence, they wouldn't give their phones 5 years of updates, but only 2 like every other android manufacturer dealing with their high end phones (except google giving 3 years). And the fact is just that Galaxy A5 2017 doesn't have the best value, and its all A53 chips is not fast at all compared to the flagship SoC in iPhone 6. iPhone 6 itself doesn't have the best value, because the iPhones it is in-between, which are the 5s and SE, both offer way better value. iPhone 6 is asked a lot because everybody wants the bigger screen for least price, but looking at its internals, it is not a bargain and as you know, supply and demand then makes this phone more expensive.
pappu, 29 Jun 2017even xiaomi redmi 4 is far far better then this... in terms of its price and features... not really, go get some knowledge about technology; not really, go get some knowledge about technology
pappu, 29 Jun 2017even xiaomi redmi 4 is far far better then this... in terms of its price and features... yah its absolutely true; yah its absolutely true
Thinking about getting iphone se becouse of its powerful for playing games but i thing its screen is short wich is meaning less for gaming games required a bit larg screen for enjoying it so is iphone is is enough powerfull to enjoy heavy games ? I think a9 chip is wey powerfull then A8 as apple said i am a heavy gamer but se can be a great All rounder 
 Also tell me about honor 8 i think its a bit better ( not in performince "power) other things so it can be a good choice let me know if iphone hardwere live longer then honor
 I know honor 9 can be a great choice but its not available in austrelia and pakistan where i can get it sad ,; Thinking about getting iphone se becouse of its powerful for playing games but i thing its screen is short wich is meaning less for gaming games required a bit larg screen for enjoying it so is iphone is is enough powerfull to enjoy heavy games ? I think a9 chip is wey powerfull then A8 as apple said i am a heavy gamer but se can be a great All rounder; Also tell me about honor 8 i think its a bit better ( not in performince "power) other things so it can be a good choice let me know if iphone hardwere live longer then honor; I know honor 9 can be a great choice but its not available in austrelia and pakistan where i can get it sad ,
even xiaomi redmi 4 is far far better then this... in terms of its price and features...; even xiaomi redmi 4 is far far better then this... in terms of its price and features...
paco2x, 28 Jun 2017The Galaxy A5 (2017) looks good, the hardware seems to hold recent games with no problem. The ... moreSpeaking about raw performance, the iPhone 6 is superior. I just wrote a comment on the news about SD 450. If A5 gets an update, it will still only have 1 year of support. You can safely say that iPhone 6 (together with 5s, because the difference isn't that big and I don't think they want to drop back to 4 years support with 6) will get iOS 12 and still be able to handle it ok, while today you have to worry about A5 handling simple animations and the app opening times should be huuuge compared to iPhone 6. You just can't compare an old flagship to a new similarly-priced low/mid end, the flagship will always be superior; Speaking about raw performance, the iPhone 6 is superior. I just wrote a comment on the news about SD 450. If A5 gets an update, it will still only have 1 year of support. You can safely say that iPhone 6 (together with 5s, because the difference isn't that big and I don't think they want to drop back to 4 years support with 6) will get iOS 12 and still be able to handle it ok, while today you have to worry about A5 handling simple animations and the app opening times should be huuuge compared to iPhone 6. You just can't compare an old flagship to a new similarly-priced low/mid end, the flagship will always be superior
paco2x, 28 Jun 2017The Galaxy A5 (2017) looks good, the hardware seems to hold recent games with no problem. The ... moreA5 lag a bit; A5 lag a bit
The phone is very excellent in terms of performance and the finishing line of this phone is juss unbelievable !! but the only problem is that its Battery bakup is not so much sufficient in comparision with Android and other phones rest all is fine; The phone is very excellent in terms of performance and the finishing line of this phone is juss unbelievable !! but the only problem is that its Battery bakup is not so much sufficient in comparision with Android and other phones rest all is fine
Atiq123, 27 Jun 2017Hi guys! I was thinking to get this Smartphone but most people complaning... Should i get thi... moreiPhone 6 lags much less than A5, but 6s and SE are almost twice as fast. If u fine with small screen, SE has best value.; iPhone 6 lags much less than A5, but 6s and SE are almost twice as fast. If u fine with small screen, SE has best value.
Atiq123, 27 Jun 2017Hi guys! I was thinking to get this Smartphone but most people complaning... Should i get thi... moreBuy it...I have it ..iPhones never lag in games or even on usage...this phone is superb; Buy it...I have it ..iPhones never lag in games or even on usage...this phone is superb
Hi guys! I was thinking to get this Smartphone but most people complaning...
 Should i get this?
 Im heavy user,Heavy Gamer, people also mentoined that it lags. Im worried which to buy 
 Iphone 6 32gb or Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017)?; Hi guys! I was thinking to get this Smartphone but most people complaning...; Should i get this?; Im heavy user,Heavy Gamer, people also mentoined that it lags. Im worried which to buy; Iphone 6 32gb or Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017)?
This is a real review 
 
 You can't find all useful apps free like android but its a good thing that it save your time from wasting on useless games and other things.
 Iphone is very fast then android phones.
 Better camera quality that fulfill your requirements .
 This is my first iPhone, its iPhone 6 - 32gb
 People become jealous because you have iphone and they are using Samsung tamsung and
 Oppo koppo toppo etc etc :-D
 Battery backup is much better then other phones
 1.2 megapixel camera of iphone 6 gives me better pic then back 5 megapixel camera of Samsung means real pic.
 I appreciate iphone and hope that it will reduce the MRP so that everyone can have iphone either 5 , 5s or 6
 No dual sim is a problem here and I have to use 2 Phones 
 And the last thing is that
 Don't believe on other just buy it and see the difference 
 It will save your time :-); This is a real review; You can't find all useful apps free like android but its a good thing that it save your time from wasting on useless games and other things.; Iphone is very fast then android phones.; Better camera quality that fulfill your requirements .; This is my first iPhone, its iPhone 6 - 32gb; People become jealous because you have iphone and they are using Samsung tamsung and; Oppo koppo toppo etc etc :-D; Battery backup is much better then other phones; 1.2 megapixel camera of iphone 6 gives me better pic then back 5 megapixel camera of Samsung means real pic.; I appreciate iphone and hope that it will reduce the MRP so that everyone can have iphone either 5 , 5s or 6; No dual sim is a problem here and I have to use 2 Phones; And the last thing is that; Don't believe on other just buy it and see the difference; It will save your time :-)
Louis, 21 Jun 2017I bought an iPhone 6+ when they first came out. It has been the most unreliable phone I have e... moreI'm sure that's just lying. Because if you don't drop it in water or drop it constantly on concrete, you don't have such problems. And if the camera failed, you wouldn't be that dumb and just continue using it, but you would call the apple support.; I'm sure that's just lying. Because if you don't drop it in water or drop it constantly on concrete, you don't have such problems. And if the camera failed, you wouldn't be that dumb and just continue using it, but you would call the apple support.
I bought an iPhone 6+ when they first came out. It has been the most unreliable phone I have ever owned. My Samsung trac phone has been more reliable. First the camera failed within the first six months, now the phone is completely dead. Its only 18 months old. I will never buy another iPhone! Very expensive piece of garbage. O if only Steve Jobs were still with us. Apple is noticeably different without him.; I bought an iPhone 6+ when they first came out. It has been the most unreliable phone I have ever owned. My Samsung trac phone has been more reliable. First the camera failed within the first six months, now the phone is completely dead. Its only 18 months old. I will never buy another iPhone! Very expensive piece of garbage. O if only Steve Jobs were still with us. Apple is noticeably different without him.
My phone shut down randomly when it reaches 30% baterry; My phone shut down randomly when it reaches 30% baterry
This is Good smartphone but i use Gretel GT6000 and this is a wonderful phone with Long Lasting battery 6000mAh and you know this phone also have dual rear camera. This is a Good Looking and feature reach phone.; This is Good smartphone but i use Gretel GT6000 and this is a wonderful phone with Long Lasting battery 6000mAh and you know this phone also have dual rear camera. This is a Good Looking and feature reach phone.
Arif Jusair, 17 Jun 2017Touch ID is not working and it drains battery from100to 0 in 5 hours in stand by mode I replac... moreits software problem wait some time and show . your problem will be solved i am also suffered this problem and after coming ios 11 this problem solved automatic and close notification of useless app and facebook; its software problem wait some time and show . your problem will be solved i am also suffered this problem and after coming ios 11 this problem solved automatic and close notification of useless app and facebook
Touch ID is not working and it drains battery from100to 0 in 5 hours in stand by mode I replaced the battery but not resolved. Please give me suggestions; Touch ID is not working and it drains battery from100to 0 in 5 hours in stand by mode I replaced the battery but not resolved. Please give me suggestions
this iphone in good in 2017?; this iphone in good in 2017?
Still very good phone; Still very good phone
Anonymous, 11 Jun 2017Which type of iphone 6 32gb in gaming field and storage What?; What?
Anonymous, 26 May 2017Completely wrong, iOS 10 is heavier than stock android Nougat because nougat has to run on tho... moreWhich type of iphone 6 32gb in gaming field and storage; Which type of iphone 6 32gb in gaming field and storage
shiva, 09 Jun 2017Even m aso confused bro which 1 i ll get.. plz help me... bt se z nt stock in store..iPhone SE is the better phone, but if you can't deal with the smaller screen size, better buy the 6.; iPhone SE is the better phone, but if you can't deal with the smaller screen size, better buy the 6.
raaj, 01 Jun 2017ya i m also very confused with iphone SE or 6. pls help to choose one Even m aso confused bro which 1 i ll get.. plz help me... bt se z nt stock in store..; Even m aso confused bro which 1 i ll get.. plz help me... bt se z nt stock in store..
Anonymous, 06 Jun 2017This is a known issue with the iphone 6, very very common (google it). Not happening to my old... morenot happening to my old and beat up iPhone 3GS either, so shut up!; not happening to my old and beat up iPhone 3GS either, so shut up!
ddd, 02 Jun 2017Hi, i have a problem with screen on my iphone 6. Yesterday i see some lines on it, but they ar... moreThis is a known issue with the iphone 6, very very common (google it). Not happening to my old and beat up galaxy grand prime, pay on dudes!; This is a known issue with the iphone 6, very very common (google it). Not happening to my old and beat up galaxy grand prime, pay on dudes!
ddd, 02 Jun 2017Hi, i have a problem with screen on my iphone 6. Yesterday i see some lines on it, but they ar... moreAsk Apple Support, maybe you get a new one; Ask Apple Support, maybe you get a new one
Awesome phone, love to love it. However it is so Expensive but the money spend is just good for its Quality........ d'-'b; Awesome phone, love to love it. However it is so Expensive but the money spend is just good for its Quality........ d'-'b
ddd, 02 Jun 2017Hi, i have a problem with screen on my iphone 6. Yesterday i see some lines on it, but they ar... moreBuy new phone pal. its obvious the phone already quit on you........hehehe :P; Buy new phone pal. its obvious the phone already quit on you........hehehe :P
jaja, 02 Jun 2017after updating into 10.3.2, my battery doesn't seems to be right for example 100%-99% after ch... moreI have the same problem since latest update my battery does not last long even Restored it to factory setting and rolled back the IOS to a more battery friendly version but still the same redownloaded my songs iPhone got very warm and lost 25% charge in the process timed my drain in 3 hours with light to moderate use I lost 65 % charge even writing this I lost 6%!of my charge very frustrated; I have the same problem since latest update my battery does not last long even Restored it to factory setting and rolled back the IOS to a more battery friendly version but still the same redownloaded my songs iPhone got very warm and lost 25% charge in the process timed my drain in 3 hours with light to moderate use I lost 65 % charge even writing this I lost 6%!of my charge very frustrated
after updating into 10.3.2, my battery doesn't seems to be right for example 100%-99% after charging it takes about 10mins before it goes down to 99% , doing normal things(gaming, net, text/call etc.) but from 99% and below it will just take 3-5mins of using the phone. is anything I can do to resolve this? or I guess I just need to wait for the 3.3.3 update?; after updating into 10.3.2, my battery doesn't seems to be right for example 100%-99% after charging it takes about 10mins before it goes down to 99% , doing normal things(gaming, net, text/call etc.) but from 99% and below it will just take 3-5mins of using the phone. is anything I can do to resolve this? or I guess I just need to wait for the 3.3.3 update?
Hi, i have a problem with screen on my iphone 6. Yesterday i see some lines on it, but they are very small and they are hoizontal. touchscreen is good, and touch id some times cant rekognize my finger. any opinion what can be?? tnx friends; Hi, i have a problem with screen on my iphone 6. Yesterday i see some lines on it, but they are very small and they are hoizontal. touchscreen is good, and touch id some times cant rekognize my finger. any opinion what can be?? tnx friends
raaj, 01 Jun 2017ya i m also very confused with iphone SE or 6. pls help to choose one IF you are ok with the smaller screen, SE is better, it is technically almost identical to iPhone 6s; IF you are ok with the smaller screen, SE is better, it is technically almost identical to iPhone 6s
farhan siddiqui, 26 May 2017i"m totally confused i phone 6 and i phone SE which is good?ya i m also very confused with iphone SE or 6. pls help to choose one; ya i m also very confused with iphone SE or 6. pls help to choose one
is this supported 4g volt ?; is this supported 4g volt ?
farhan siddiqui, 26 May 2017i"m totally confused i phone 6 and i phone SE which is good?Iphone se is better than 6 
 Go with se; Iphone se is better than 6; Go with se
Anonymous, 26 Apr 2017Describe your problem more detailed. By reading it, I would say go into Settings > Touch ID... morepls i want to know to how to fixing the issue that after upgrade and my finger print scanner stopped working. i am using iphone 6 64gb; pls i want to know to how to fixing the issue that after upgrade and my finger print scanner stopped working. i am using iphone 6 64gb
Anonymous, 25 May 2017Dont know how Apple do that? Ios must be ultra lightweight o/s because it runs on just few GHz... moreCompletely wrong, iOS 10 is heavier than stock android Nougat because nougat has to run on thousands of devices (only UIs from manufacturers make it laggy and slow). iPhone 6 is as fast as other flagships from 2014, maybe even faster, because it doesn't divide its whole power on 4 cores but only 2, and the processor itself is much bigger which makes it have a higher performance throughput. The RAM can be smaller because iOS has a different approach to multitasking. It only continues to run the most important parts of a program in the background when you close it, while Android N continues to run the whole program with all of its little parts. But Android O will also use the mechanism of iOS, which in my opinion is also much smarter. But more RAM is always better, because programs and apps and the OS itself become more demanding in the future. For iOS 10, 1GB is enough and plenty of space, but maybe iOS 14 will be even heavier than 10 already is, and then it would need more than 1GB to run fluid (but I don't think iPhone 6 will get iOS 14 anyway). I once monitored the iPhone 4 with an app to look why it is is laggy and slow. The reason is that iOS 7, even though it already has the smart RAM management, is too heavy for the 512MB RAM of the iPhone 4 and if you open up one bigger app (like clash Royale), the RAM is already full. 
 
 So more than 1GB RAM is just future proofing at the moment. And that is good, but it still doesn't mean more than 1GB is necessaire.
 
 I know, it's complicated.; Completely wrong, iOS 10 is heavier than stock android Nougat because nougat has to run on thousands of devices (only UIs from manufacturers make it laggy and slow). iPhone 6 is as fast as other flagships from 2014, maybe even faster, because it doesn't divide its whole power on 4 cores but only 2, and the processor itself is much bigger which makes it have a higher performance throughput. The RAM can be smaller because iOS has a different approach to multitasking. It only continues to run the most important parts of a program in the background when you close it, while Android N continues to run the whole program with all of its little parts. But Android O will also use the mechanism of iOS, which in my opinion is also much smarter. But more RAM is always better, because programs and apps and the OS itself become more demanding in the future. For iOS 10, 1GB is enough and plenty of space, but maybe iOS 14 will be even heavier than 10 already is, and then it would need more than 1GB to run fluid (but I don't think iPhone 6 will get iOS 14 anyway). I once monitored the iPhone 4 with an app to look why it is is laggy and slow. The reason is that iOS 7, even though it already has the smart RAM management, is too heavy for the 512MB RAM of the iPhone 4 and if you open up one bigger app (like clash Royale), the RAM is already full.; So more than 1GB RAM is just future proofing at the moment. And that is good, but it still doesn't mean more than 1GB is necessaire.; I know, it's complicated.
farhan siddiqui, 26 May 2017i"m totally confused i phone 6 and i phone SE which is good?If you are fine with the smaller screen, SE is much better. It's technically an iPhone 6s just with smaller body.; If you are fine with the smaller screen, SE is much better. It's technically an iPhone 6s just with smaller body.
IDK, 26 May 2017Ok Tq For Your Reply&#128077;i phone 6 is good; i phone 6 is good
Anonymous, 22 May 2017It will be released in 2 weeks to developers. You can just wait that short time and see some r... moreOk Tq For Your Reply&#128077;; Ok Tq For Your Reply&#128077;
i"m totally confused i phone 6 and i phone SE which is good?; i"m totally confused i phone 6 and i phone SE which is good?
Anonymous, 25 May 2017The RAM (multitasking) is not the main upgrade, but the processor speed (in-App performance) a... moreDont know how Apple do that? Ios must be ultra lightweight o/s because it runs on just few GHz and tiny RAM.; Dont know how Apple do that? Ios must be ultra lightweight o/s because it runs on just few GHz and tiny RAM.
Ben Turbin, 24 May 2017Thank you for reply do you have 6s and you would recommend it to a family friend?I have the iPhone 7, but its A10 Fusion is not a major upgrade compared to the A9 of iPhone 6s which is still a beast and the second fastest phone on planet. Of course, iPhones can be recommended to everybody's because you have less trouble with them compared to android (even though the press makes it look like it has more problems, but that's just to generate clicks). But the best value iPhone and one of the best value phones at all is the iPhone SE because it's got the main components from the 6s (SoC, Camera) with Little downgrades (slower fingerprint, worse selfie cam) at a much lower price tag, at least here in Germany it costs only Â€320 which is much less than the technically worse iPhone 6. So I recommend it to everybody who is fine with the smaller screen. My sister has it and she absolutely loves it. Great camera, gorgeous performance and design, very reliable and with the 64GB option, she has enough storage without having to delete any apps or photos.; I have the iPhone 7, but its A10 Fusion is not a major upgrade compared to the A9 of iPhone 6s which is still a beast and the second fastest phone on planet. Of course, iPhones can be recommended to everybody's because you have less trouble with them compared to android (even though the press makes it look like it has more problems, but that's just to generate clicks). But the best value iPhone and one of the best value phones at all is the iPhone SE because it's got the main components from the 6s (SoC, Camera) with Little downgrades (slower fingerprint, worse selfie cam) at a much lower price tag, at least here in Germany it costs only Â€320 which is much less than the technically worse iPhone 6. So I recommend it to everybody who is fine with the smaller screen. My sister has it and she absolutely loves it. Great camera, gorgeous performance and design, very reliable and with the 64GB option, she has enough storage without having to delete any apps or photos.
Anonymous, 25 May 2017If your money can stretch to the 6s the increases in ram and chipset will be future proofing m... moreThe RAM (multitasking) is not the main upgrade, but the processor speed (in-App performance) and especially the memory speed (app opening) are a huge step up compared to 6s and every other phone released at that time, you know the iPhone 6s Is still faster than the Galaxy S8. GPU improvements (gaming performance) were also decent but I think iPhone 6 and 5s still handle games well; The RAM (multitasking) is not the main upgrade, but the processor speed (in-App performance) and especially the memory speed (app opening) are a huge step up compared to 6s and every other phone released at that time, you know the iPhone 6s Is still faster than the Galaxy S8. GPU improvements (gaming performance) were also decent but I think iPhone 6 and 5s still handle games well
Ben Turbin, 24 May 2017Is it worth upgrading to 6s from 6 money wise and in real life. I cannot go for iPhone 7 due t... moreIf your money can stretch to the 6s the increases in ram and chipset will be future proofing more. 6s is doubling of ram will make it updatable till 2020 i concur.; If your money can stretch to the 6s the increases in ram and chipset will be future proofing more. 6s is doubling of ram will make it updatable till 2020 i concur.
Ben Turbin, 24 May 2017Is it worth upgrading to 6s from 6 money wise and in real life. I cannot go for iPhone 7 due t... moredepends on how much you would get for your 6. I think if the upgrade costs you less than Â€/$ 150, it's worth it.; depends on how much you would get for your 6. I think if the upgrade costs you less than Â€/$ 150, it's worth it.
how 10.3.2 doing in battery?; how 10.3.2 doing in battery?
Justin, 20 May 2017Recently updated to 10.3.2 on iPhone 6. Coming from 10.1.1 the battery does not drain quickly ... moreHay justin you are come from ios 10.1.1 as you said. So please tell me which iOS version give you better battery life ios 10.1.1 or ios 10.3.2?; Hay justin you are come from ios 10.1.1 as you said. So please tell me which iOS version give you better battery life ios 10.1.1 or ios 10.3.2?
IDK, 22 May 2017But I'm On Budget&Like Bigger Screen..In My Country,iphone 6 cost around rm1600 and SE Rm2... moreIt will be released in 2 weeks to developers. You can just wait that short time and see some reviewes on the internet, but I think it will stay fast; It will be released in 2 weeks to developers. You can just wait that short time and see some reviewes on the internet, but I think it will stay fast
sabrinarae, 22 May 2017Iphone6 or samsung J7? iPhone 6 is much better, J7 is low end while iPhone 6 is high end; iPhone 6 is much better, J7 is low end while iPhone 6 is high end
Iphone6 or samsung J7?; Iphone6 or samsung J7?
Sonu , 22 May 2017Buy an iPhone SE its better thn 6But I'm On Budget&Like Bigger Screen..In My Country,iphone 6 cost around rm1600 and SE Rm2300...I'm Really On Budget Haha So What Do you Think?It's Will Lag on IOS11 Next Update?Sorry For my English haha..i'm from malaysia...; But I'm On Budget&Like Bigger Screen..In My Country,iphone 6 cost around rm1600 and SE Rm2300...I'm Really On Budget Haha So What Do you Think?It's Will Lag on IOS11 Next Update?Sorry For my English haha..i'm from malaysia...
sid1233, 20 May 2017i am confused iphone 6 or iphone 6s6s would b the best option..; 6s would b the best option..
IDK, 21 May 2017It's Oke For Me To Buy Iphone 6 In 2017?I Really Wanna Try IOS Ecosystem Bcs I'm Android User.... moreBuy an iPhone SE its better thn 6; Buy an iPhone SE its better thn 6
It's Oke For Me To Buy Iphone 6 In 2017?I Really Wanna Try IOS Ecosystem Bcs I'm Android User...My Friends Suggest Me To Get An Iphone SE But I'm On Budget...I Live In Malaysia...Please Give Me Your Opinion..Tq!; It's Oke For Me To Buy Iphone 6 In 2017?I Really Wanna Try IOS Ecosystem Bcs I'm Android User...My Friends Suggest Me To Get An Iphone SE But I'm On Budget...I Live In Malaysia...Please Give Me Your Opinion..Tq!
sid1233, 20 May 2017i am confused iphone 6 or iphone 6s6s is much better; 6s is much better
i am confused iphone 6 or iphone 6s; i am confused iphone 6 or iphone 6s
All is ok on iOS 10.3.2, on Iphone 5s; All is ok on iOS 10.3.2, on Iphone 5s
Rahul, 19 May 2017Friends please talk about ios 10.3.2. Battery life , performance... Recently updated to 10.3.2 on iPhone 6. Coming from 10.1.1 the battery does not drain quickly compared to other people who recently updated to the latest one. I also feel the it runs very smoothly when using the phone. For battery I played Mobile Legends on 40% battery after around 3 games roughly 30 minutes battery shows 36%.; Recently updated to 10.3.2 on iPhone 6. Coming from 10.1.1 the battery does not drain quickly compared to other people who recently updated to the latest one. I also feel the it runs very smoothly when using the phone. For battery I played Mobile Legends on 40% battery after around 3 games roughly 30 minutes battery shows 36%.
anonim, 15 May 2017iPhone6 or iPhone SE? I'm so confusingIf u wanna big screen so go with iphn 6.. otherwise SE but iphone 6 is best i m using; If u wanna big screen so go with iphn 6.. otherwise SE but iphone 6 is best i m using
Rahul, 19 May 2017Friends please talk about ios 10.3.2. Battery life , performance... Hi Rahul,
 
 I updated to ios 10.3.2 on my iphone 6, I'm new to ios since I've had this phone for 3 days, and let me tell you it's pretty fast, no lags seen at all, I've installed all the apps that were on my beloved Nexus 5x. I only see a small hiccup when playing games, but after a second it's fluid again (probably for the 1gb Ram).
 
 I'm very satisfied with this phone, so far so good.; Hi Rahul,; I updated to ios 10.3.2 on my iphone 6, I'm new to ios since I've had this phone for 3 days, and let me tell you it's pretty fast, no lags seen at all, I've installed all the apps that were on my beloved Nexus 5x. I only see a small hiccup when playing games, but after a second it's fluid again (probably for the 1gb Ram).; I'm very satisfied with this phone, so far so good.
Rahul, 19 May 2017Friends please talk about ios 10.3.2. Battery life , performance... update 10.3.2 , two days ago and i feel the battery draining litle too fast, try from 100% to 40% take 3-4 hour full usage mode (internet + bluetooth for music, no gaming). In standby mode its normal like before update. But overall its no problem at all, and i hope next 10.3.3 will fix it.; update 10.3.2 , two days ago and i feel the battery draining litle too fast, try from 100% to 40% take 3-4 hour full usage mode (internet + bluetooth for music, no gaming). In standby mode its normal like before update. But overall its no problem at all, and i hope next 10.3.3 will fix it.
Friends please talk about ios 10.3.2. Battery life , performance...; Friends please talk about ios 10.3.2. Battery life , performance...
Ya SE is better but I believe small screen destroys the purpose of more ram 4.7 to 5 is ideal size for a phone .. I still have my 5s lying around somewhere and I bought ip6 instead .. good phone no lags etc only complaint is the low front camera and aperture .. which by d way is same in SE as well; Ya SE is better but I believe small screen destroys the purpose of more ram 4.7 to 5 is ideal size for a phone .. I still have my 5s lying around somewhere and I bought ip6 instead .. good phone no lags etc only complaint is the low front camera and aperture .. which by d way is same in SE as well
[deleted post]I wouldn't ever buy a Doogee phone at all, not reputable brand. And this Doogee mix is just a Xiaomi Mi Mix ripoff; I wouldn't ever buy a Doogee phone at all, not reputable brand. And this Doogee mix is just a Xiaomi Mi Mix ripoff
ghbvgs, 17 May 2017Help pls! Z5 premium dual or iphone 6? Z5 Premium for sure; Z5 Premium for sure
iphone 6 or huawei p10 lite ?; iphone 6 or huawei p10 lite ?
Anonymous, 17 May 2017choose if you want iOS or Android, else they are pretty similarAre they? What about their cameras?; Are they? What about their cameras?
ghbvgs, 17 May 2017Help pls! Z5 premium dual or iphone 6? choose if you want iOS or Android, else they are pretty similar; choose if you want iOS or Android, else they are pretty similar
Miri, 17 May 2017Can this phone bend? If you apply a big amount of pressure, every phone can bend. I don't think it will be a problem with normal usage; If you apply a big amount of pressure, every phone can bend. I don't think it will be a problem with normal usage
Help pls! Z5 premium dual or iphone 6?; Help pls! Z5 premium dual or iphone 6?
Help pls! Z5 premium dual or iphone 6?; Help pls! Z5 premium dual or iphone 6?
Can this phone bend?; Can this phone bend?
Anonymous, 11 May 2017Format it used iTunes in a pic, its call restore it will do a clean install of the OS, normall... moreI prefer to used 3315 of Nokia than this kind of toy; I prefer to used 3315 of Nokia than this kind of toy
Anonymous, 15 May 2017technically: Note 5 in real life: choose if you want big or small, android or iOS.forgot one thing which also is for real life
 
 real life: very similar, and then the other part about big/small and android/iOS; forgot one thing which also is for real life; real life: very similar, and then the other part about big/small and android/iOS
Mahmoud Shehata, 14 May 2017Which is better iPhone 6 or note 5 please advice metechnically: Note 5
 in real life: choose if you want big or small, android or iOS.; technically: Note 5; in real life: choose if you want big or small, android or iOS.
iPhone6 or iPhone SE? I'm so confusing; iPhone6 or iPhone SE? I'm so confusing
Mahmoud Shehata, 14 May 2017Which is better iPhone 6 or note 5 please advice meNote 5 but i would go with oneplus 3t or google pixel; Note 5 but i would go with oneplus 3t or google pixel
Which is better iPhone 6 or note 5 please advice me; Which is better iPhone 6 or note 5 please advice me
jared, 14 May 2017is it still worth in 2017,because i'm planning to buy thisWhen?; When?
jared, 14 May 2017is it still worth in 2017,because i'm planning to buy thisiPhone SE is a better deal. If you need the bigger screen, go for 6s because the $ 50 price difference is really worth it; iPhone SE is a better deal. If you need the bigger screen, go for 6s because the $ 50 price difference is really worth it
mr tony, 14 May 2017which is better iphone 6 or iphone se iPhone SE, but only if you don't mind the small screen because SE is a small 6s with looks of 5s.; iPhone SE, but only if you don't mind the small screen because SE is a small 6s with looks of 5s.
Mira, 14 May 2017Hi im stuck to choose between j7 prime and iphone 6 which as we know iphone 6 was produced in ... moreiPhone 6 is way better. I'm not a fanboy but this is a fact because an old flagship is always better than a new low end phone; iPhone 6 is way better. I'm not a fanboy but this is a fact because an old flagship is always better than a new low end phone
Hi im stuck to choose between j7 prime and iphone 6 which as we know iphone 6 was produced in 2014 while j7 prime is in 2016...could anyone's suggest me to choose which one is better to have? Thanks; Hi im stuck to choose between j7 prime and iphone 6 which as we know iphone 6 was produced in 2014 while j7 prime is in 2016...could anyone's suggest me to choose which one is better to have? Thanks
which is better 
 
 iphone 6 or iphone se; which is better; iphone 6 or iphone se
is it still worth in 2017,because i'm planning to buy this; is it still worth in 2017,because i'm planning to buy this
jes iphone 6 love me ok star; jes iphone 6 love me ok star
[deleted post]When I switched from Vodafone to Telekom, I also had this issue because I had a profile installed. If deleting that one doesn't help, go to your internet provider.; When I switched from Vodafone to Telekom, I also had this issue because I had a profile installed. If deleting that one doesn't help, go to your internet provider.
AshChauhan, 07 May 2017M having 10.3.1 on my i phone 6 and believe me its better and faster than the previous versionHow about the battery life on ios 10.3.1? Is it better or not?; How about the battery life on ios 10.3.1? Is it better or not?
My iPhone 6 16gb show no network only search nd no service option show continue guys please help me; My iPhone 6 16gb show no network only search nd no service option show continue guys please help me
Anonymous, 06 May 2017Im planning to buy iphone 6. is it ok to buy this phone? Depends on what you want to use it for, I've used iPhone 6 and the Galaxy S5, iPhone 6 is smoother, no over heating, faster processing in apps, better security, iCloud systems and optimized OS for device to help it unlike Andriod that no longer supports phones older than 2 years. Galaxy S5 has bigger screen, more features like, heart rate monitor, air browse, Bluetooth that connects to other devices (except iPhones) more flexibility with downloading music files and videos, (no need for iTunes to sync items to the device). Each has its pros and cons.; Depends on what you want to use it for, I've used iPhone 6 and the Galaxy S5, iPhone 6 is smoother, no over heating, faster processing in apps, better security, iCloud systems and optimized OS for device to help it unlike Andriod that no longer supports phones older than 2 years. Galaxy S5 has bigger screen, more features like, heart rate monitor, air browse, Bluetooth that connects to other devices (except iPhones) more flexibility with downloading music files and videos, (no need for iTunes to sync items to the device). Each has its pros and cons.
polin, 25 Apr 2017when i update my iphone 6 ios 8 to 10.3 my finger print dosnt work .Format it used iTunes in a pic, its call restore it will do a clean install of the OS, normally OTA updates sometimes don't work normally as it installs add on's and not everything interstates again.; Format it used iTunes in a pic, its call restore it will do a clean install of the OS, normally OTA updates sometimes don't work normally as it installs add on's and not everything interstates again.
sindjo, 30 Apr 2017i have a question if i change the iphone charger for fast charger to normal charger will this ... moreNo it won't damage your battery,iPhone 6 has the ability to charge with a 2A charger. However the standard issue 1A charger is also quick, 45min from around 20% to 80%; No it won't damage your battery,iPhone 6 has the ability to charge with a 2A charger. However the standard issue 1A charger is also quick, 45min from around 20% to 80%
is it still worth in 2017?; is it still worth in 2017?
How many hours iphone 6 battery lasts with heavy usage??; How many hours iphone 6 battery lasts with heavy usage??
G v, 06 May 2017Ok friend , but factory reset is gonna delete all the data , audio, video and contacts etc ? Yes; Yes
benkasyafani, 06 May 2017i just got my new iphone 6 yesterday, and the current os is ios 10.2.1 , and then I received s... moreM having 10.3.1 on my i phone 6 and believe me its better and faster than the previous version; M having 10.3.1 on my i phone 6 and believe me its better and faster than the previous version
Ok friend , but factory reset is gonna delete all the data , audio, video and contacts etc ?; Ok friend , but factory reset is gonna delete all the data , audio, video and contacts etc ?
i just got my new iphone 6 yesterday, and the current os is ios 10.2.1 , and then I received software update (ios 10.3.1) must i upgrde to the latest os? Any review of ios 10.3.1 on iphone 6? is it stable and not laggy for iphone 6? please let me know if someone have installing it. *Sorry for my bad english; i just got my new iphone 6 yesterday, and the current os is ios 10.2.1 , and then I received software update (ios 10.3.1) must i upgrde to the latest os? Any review of ios 10.3.1 on iphone 6? is it stable and not laggy for iphone 6? please let me know if someone have installing it. *Sorry for my bad english
Im planning to buy iphone 6. is it ok to buy this phone?; Im planning to buy iphone 6. is it ok to buy this phone?
G v, 06 May 2017For so many incoming calls the screen doesn't turn on I have to press the home button to know ... moreisn't this normal? if not, factory reset will resolve almost all glitches of this kind.; isn't this normal? if not, factory reset will resolve almost all glitches of this kind.
For so many incoming calls the screen doesn't turn on I have to press the home button to know who is calling.. plz if anybody can help.. my phone is iphone6 64gb and iOS is 10.3.1, thnx in advance; For so many incoming calls the screen doesn't turn on I have to press the home button to know who is calling.. plz if anybody can help.. my phone is iphone6 64gb and iOS is 10.3.1, thnx in advance
Vishnu thampan, 30 Apr 2017Ihave iphone 6 64 GB. Its nice phone fast and its easy to handle but sometime my my touch id d... moreso costly; so costly
cpc, 30 Apr 2017This was my first and last iPhone, going back to Samsung.Me when switching back to Apple "listing thousands of reasons why the other phone was so bad and why I'll stick to iPhone for the next years"
 
 Others when switching back to Android "I'll switch back"; Me when switching back to Apple "listing thousands of reasons why the other phone was so bad and why I'll stick to iPhone for the next years"; Others when switching back to Android "I'll switch back"
This was my first and last iPhone, going back to Samsung.; This was my first and last iPhone, going back to Samsung.
Ihave iphone 6 64 GB. Its nice phone fast and its easy to handle but sometime my my touch id doesnt work why its problem; Ihave iphone 6 64 GB. Its nice phone fast and its easy to handle but sometime my my touch id doesnt work why its problem
i have a question if i change the iphone charger for fast charger to normal charger will this damage the batery?; i have a question if i change the iphone charger for fast charger to normal charger will this damage the batery?
Anggarf, 28 Apr 2017I have iphone 6 64GB. Status my device is ex japan. I'm from indonesia. I have question, why m... moreIt is in accordance with the japan law, same as south korea law; It is in accordance with the japan law, same as south korea law
I have iphone 6 64GB. Status my device is ex japan. I'm from indonesia. I have question, why my phone can't silent when i take picture? I already switch silent my phone. Why iphone japan can't silent camera? Info, please! Thanks anyway..; I have iphone 6 64GB. Status my device is ex japan. I'm from indonesia. I have question, why my phone can't silent when i take picture? I already switch silent my phone. Why iphone japan can't silent camera? Info, please! Thanks anyway..
polin, 25 Apr 2017when i update my iphone 6 ios 8 to 10.3 my finger print dosnt work .Describe your problem more detailed. By reading it, I would say go into Settings > Touch ID & Code And set it up again; Describe your problem more detailed. By reading it, I would say go into Settings > Touch ID & Code And set it up again
Yoe; Yoe
when i update my iphone 6 ios 8 to 10.3 my finger print dosnt work .; when i update my iphone 6 ios 8 to 10.3 my finger print dosnt work .
Anonymous, 22 Apr 2017Ok, if you still have time left, you could wait for the OnePlus 5, which will offer high end a... moreI couldn't agree more. I think for practical reasons the 6S would be more better for me. But I still find the 4.7" size a bit small for me. The 6S Plus might be more suitable but the price range I want (can afford) is scarce.; I couldn't agree more. I think for practical reasons the 6S would be more better for me. But I still find the 4.7" size a bit small for me. The 6S Plus might be more suitable but the price range I want (can afford) is scarce.
Gino76, 21 Apr 2017The iPhone SE is way too small for my hands. I may tolerate the 4.7" but would prefer somethin... moreOk, if you still have time left, you could wait for the OnePlus 5, which will offer high end android specs (SD835 and such things) below the $ 500 mark at 5.5inch. The OnePlus 3 and 2 came in June and July, so expect it for late spring. (Of course only if you have an usable phone at the moment).
 
 If you still want to choose between iPhone 6 and 6s, then the 6s is better value. That's because it is still produced, which lets the price drop, while the iPhone 6 isn't produced anymore (except the 32GB variant in Asia) and that's why its price goes up.
 
 For the G5+, there is a rule. An old flagship is always better than a new mid/low end phone, because back in the day, when the old flagship was released, it was their best of the best and the company really cared about it, while the companies usually don't care too much about lower end phones. That's also why mid range phones only get 1 major software update, if it even gets that one update. In comparison, the iPhone 6 and 6s are supported for at least another 2 1/2 and 3 1/2 years, respectively. And of course, the built quality of them is better than the one if G5+. Even the iPhone 4 has a supoerior built quality than G5+, because it once was high end and Apple wanted to perfect it.; Ok, if you still have time left, you could wait for the OnePlus 5, which will offer high end android specs (SD835 and such things) below the $ 500 mark at 5.5inch. The OnePlus 3 and 2 came in June and July, so expect it for late spring. (Of course only if you have an usable phone at the moment).; If you still want to choose between iPhone 6 and 6s, then the 6s is better value. That's because it is still produced, which lets the price drop, while the iPhone 6 isn't produced anymore (except the 32GB variant in Asia) and that's why its price goes up.; For the G5+, there is a rule. An old flagship is always better than a new mid/low end phone, because back in the day, when the old flagship was released, it was their best of the best and the company really cared about it, while the companies usually don't care too much about lower end phones. That's also why mid range phones only get 1 major software update, if it even gets that one update. In comparison, the iPhone 6 and 6s are supported for at least another 2 1/2 and 3 1/2 years, respectively. And of course, the built quality of them is better than the one if G5+. Even the iPhone 4 has a supoerior built quality than G5+, because it once was high end and Apple wanted to perfect it.
Anonymous, 21 Apr 2017The iPhone SE has the best value for an iPhone and better value than Moto G5 (Plus) at the mom... moreThe iPhone SE is way too small for my hands. I may tolerate the 4.7" but would prefer something from 5.2" and above.; The iPhone SE is way too small for my hands. I may tolerate the 4.7" but would prefer something from 5.2" and above.
Gino76, 20 Apr 2017I'm almost going mad looking for my next "budget" phone. I'm currently choosing between a Moto... moreThe iPhone SE has the best value for an iPhone and better value than Moto G5 (Plus) at the moment. Is that one too small or why is this not on your list; The iPhone SE has the best value for an iPhone and better value than Moto G5 (Plus) at the moment. Is that one too small or why is this not on your list
I have iphone 6 for 2 yrs and it works fine. if your phone is fast draining, just update the IOS and the rest will be assured fine esp. the battery life. =); I have iphone 6 for 2 yrs and it works fine. if your phone is fast draining, just update the IOS and the rest will be assured fine esp. the battery life. =)
I'm almost going mad looking for my next "budget" phone. I'm currently choosing between a Moto G5 Plus and either an iPhone 6 or 6S which has come down in price now. 
 Would you guys think the added RAM and Force Touch + (slightly) improved camera is worth the investment with the 6S? Or would the 6 be just sufficient with the current iOS and hardware that it has?; I'm almost going mad looking for my next "budget" phone. I'm currently choosing between a Moto G5 Plus and either an iPhone 6 or 6S which has come down in price now.; Would you guys think the added RAM and Force Touch + (slightly) improved camera is worth the investment with the 6S? Or would the 6 be just sufficient with the current iOS and hardware that it has?
Dylan , 19 Apr 2017The display is disappointing. I don't have iPhone 6 but iPhone 7, and I love the accuracy. Of course, resolution could be a little bit higher to show more details, but neither sharpness nor eye strain are a problem with it. And a higher resolution would throttle gaming performance and if it ends up like iPhone 4, even animations could suffer in the far future.; I don't have iPhone 6 but iPhone 7, and I love the accuracy. Of course, resolution could be a little bit higher to show more details, but neither sharpness nor eye strain are a problem with it. And a higher resolution would throttle gaming performance and if it ends up like iPhone 4, even animations could suffer in the far future.
Anonymous, 18 Apr 20176 is a good phn, ya same ram as 5s but they are two different phones.. you cannot say that all... moreThe display is disappointing.; The display is disappointing.
6 is a good phn, ya same ram as 5s but they are two different phones.. you cannot say that all the phones of same ram are same, I hv both 5s and 6 , performance could b alike but 6 is a better phn and screen size makes a huge difference the form factor is so different, holding a 6 and 5s are entirely different feeling.. I think one should buy 6 or 6s in today's time; 6 is a good phn, ya same ram as 5s but they are two different phones.. you cannot say that all the phones of same ram are same, I hv both 5s and 6 , performance could b alike but 6 is a better phn and screen size makes a huge difference the form factor is so different, holding a 6 and 5s are entirely different feeling.. I think one should buy 6 or 6s in today's time
fraz2000, 16 Apr 2017Ofcourse it will last for two more years unlike the iphone 5 so i would recommed iphone 5s cau... moreMine lasted 14 months before the screen began to flicker and then went black. I won't be replacing it with another expensive IPhone because the reliability is not great.; Mine lasted 14 months before the screen began to flicker and then went black. I won't be replacing it with another expensive IPhone because the reliability is not great.
pauldjoker, 14 Apr 2017but iphone 5s is 64bit phone, so is there any hope that it will last for next 2 years ? here ... moreiPhone SE has better value than iPhone 5s. The fact that it is still produced pushes its price down. Go for SE, you won't regret it; iPhone SE has better value than iPhone 5s. The fact that it is still produced pushes its price down. Go for SE, you won't regret it
pauldjoker, 14 Apr 2017but iphone 5s is 64bit phone, so is there any hope that it will last for next 2 years ? here ... moreOfcourse it will last for two more years unlike the iphone 5 so i would recommed iphone 5s cause it's cheap and performance wise same as compared to the iphone 6.; Ofcourse it will last for two more years unlike the iphone 5 so i would recommed iphone 5s cause it's cheap and performance wise same as compared to the iphone 6.
but iphone 5s is 64bit phone, so is there any hope that it will last for next 2 years ?
 here is the price comparison between both phone in my country , 5s 32gb = 180$, 6 16gb = 240$; but iphone 5s is 64bit phone, so is there any hope that it will last for next 2 years ?; here is the price comparison between both phone in my country , 5s 32gb = 180$, 6 16gb = 240$
Anonymous, 05 Apr 2017Which 1 will be good iphone 5s64gb and iphone 6 32gb I phone 6 is the better than i phone 5s. Its design was very stylish and good to use, i phone 5s waste its metal body heatsup very fast while using internet and use like a ironbox, i phone 6 is better than 5s; I phone 6 is the better than i phone 5s. Its design was very stylish and good to use, i phone 5s waste its metal body heatsup very fast while using internet and use like a ironbox, i phone 6 is better than 5s
Sajjad, 05 Apr 2017Hi, The screen became black while calls and msgs are functional Its sensor issue if u placed temperd glass remove and try it if not press that senor tightly and try it; Its sensor issue if u placed temperd glass remove and try it if not press that senor tightly and try it
YkitzZ, 07 Apr 2017Anyone experience battery draining fast on iPhone 6? I have no idea why? Please help. Thx..^^Ya but its happening only while using internet.its common issue all i phones, good set only facing 100mb issue when trying to download above 100mb; Ya but its happening only while using internet.its common issue all i phones, good set only facing 100mb issue when trying to download above 100mb
SiddharthParmar, 10 Apr 2017Hi, I am planning to buy Iphone6 32GB. I hv just 1 query, if i load my phone upto 25-28gb full... moreIt is possible, because you only get maybe 27GB for your data (I don't know because I don't have a 32GB device) but I wouldn't worry too much because iOS is very matured. It also doesn't mean that it will hang all the time, just once in a while. You could also grab a model with more space if you already use so much just for the apps, because it will only become more because you are always making photos which also take up space; It is possible, because you only get maybe 27GB for your data (I don't know because I don't have a 32GB device) but I wouldn't worry too much because iOS is very matured. It also doesn't mean that it will hang all the time, just once in a while. You could also grab a model with more space if you already use so much just for the apps, because it will only become more because you are always making photos which also take up space
Hi, I am planning to buy Iphone6 32GB. I hv just 1 query, if i load my phone upto 25-28gb fully with mostly apps so will there be a chance of the phone getting hanged. Since I use lot of apps so this query is very important to me. Pls help me solve my dilemma. So the more people can share their view the better will be consensus for me:-); Hi, I am planning to buy Iphone6 32GB. I hv just 1 query, if i load my phone upto 25-28gb fully with mostly apps so will there be a chance of the phone getting hanged. Since I use lot of apps so this query is very important to me. Pls help me solve my dilemma. So the more people can share their view the better will be consensus for me:-)
rolexman, 03 Apr 2017"IPhone 6" >>> did you users know that this device can't block "anonymous or restr... moreyou can bro ... there is a block option comes under contact and calling section .... better go and buy good landline for you ...it will only help you :P; you can bro ... there is a block option comes under contact and calling section .... better go and buy good landline for you ...it will only help you :P
YkitzZ, 07 Apr 2017Anyone experience battery draining fast on iPhone 6? I have no idea why? Please help. Thx..^^Update your software 
 May be yr problem will be solved; Update your software; May be yr problem will be solved
Anyone experience battery draining fast on iPhone 6?
 I have no idea why?
 Please help.
 Thx..^^; Anyone experience battery draining fast on iPhone 6?; I have no idea why?; Please help.; Thx..^^
Boyka, 06 Apr 2017Which one you are Using ??Iphone 5s (16 gb); Iphone 5s (16 gb)
fraz2000, 05 Apr 2017Iphone 5s 64gb. Believe me more storage and power,both have the same ram (1gb) but a bit lowe... moreWhich one you are Using ??; Which one you are Using ??
Anonymous, 05 Apr 2017Which 1 will be good iphone 5s64gb and iphone 6 32gb Iphone 5s 64gb.
 Believe me more storage and power,both have the same ram (1gb) but a bit lower processor.; Iphone 5s 64gb.; Believe me more storage and power,both have the same ram (1gb) but a bit lower processor.
Sajjad, 05 Apr 2017Hi, The screen became black while calls and msgs are functional Hard reset your phone by holding the power and home button until apple logo.; Hard reset your phone by holding the power and home button until apple logo.
Hi, The screen became black while calls and msgs are functional; Hi, The screen became black while calls and msgs are functional
Which 1 will be good iphone 5s64gb and iphone 6 32gb; Which 1 will be good iphone 5s64gb and iphone 6 32gb
Prathamesh, 04 Apr 2017I have been using Apple products since 2012. I have got very good experience in using it. But ... moreYes I'm facing same problem; Yes I'm facing same problem
Hi guys is anyone updated the new version of 10.3 
 How it is does any issues wth this update 
 Thank you; Hi guys is anyone updated the new version of 10.3; How it is does any issues wth this update; Thank you
I have been using Apple products since 2012. I have got very good experience in using it. But i have purchased apple iphone 6 1 & half years back and this device is giving problems now in headphone jack and charging. Thats not all, even my wife is using this iphone 6 since 1 year and she is facing same problem.
 
 Apple have reduced the quality now and literally charging like anything. People are there to pay for iphone but apple must maintain the quality.; I have been using Apple products since 2012. I have got very good experience in using it. But i have purchased apple iphone 6 1 & half years back and this device is giving problems now in headphone jack and charging. Thats not all, even my wife is using this iphone 6 since 1 year and she is facing same problem.; Apple have reduced the quality now and literally charging like anything. People are there to pay for iphone but apple must maintain the quality.
"IPhone 6" >>> did you users know that this device can't block
 "anonymous or restricted" incoming calls ? however, you can block them on an "android" 
 or home (landline) phone . . . . . . . . . . think APPLE should stop calling their product a 
 "smart phone" !; "IPhone 6" >>> did you users know that this device can't block; "anonymous or restricted" incoming calls ? however, you can block them on an "android"; or home (landline) phone . . . . . . . . . . think APPLE should stop calling their product a; "smart phone" !
iphone 6, 128gb & iphone 6+, 64gb. which one is better?please help me. tq; iphone 6, 128gb & iphone 6+, 64gb. which one is better?please help me. tq
Guys.......
 How's ios 10.3 on iPhone 6 ???
 Anyone facing issues related to battery backup nor performance ?
 Please share your experiences on ios 10.3.; Guys.......; How's ios 10.3 on iPhone 6 ???; Anyone facing issues related to battery backup nor performance ?; Please share your experiences on ios 10.3.
Speed wise both 5s n 6 are same .. choose 6 if u want a bigger screen paying 10000 extra .. or buy a used 6 from a reliable source; Speed wise both 5s n 6 are same .. choose 6 if u want a bigger screen paying 10000 extra .. or buy a used 6 from a reliable source
iPhone 5s, 32GB, but at this time, it's pretty unclear because it seems like iOS 10.3.2 cuts the 32bit support which is still not confirmed because it is also possible that they will have it later. But between 5s and 6, IOS 8/9/10; iPhone 5s, 32GB, but at this time, it's pretty unclear because it seems like iOS 10.3.2 cuts the 32bit support which is still not confirmed because it is also possible that they will have it later. But between 5s and 6, IOS 8/9/10
Mikelzkie, 01 Apr 2017Hi guys which is better in gaming experience? iPhone 6 or iPhone SE? And which has more batte... moreThe iPhone SE is better in both of these things.; The iPhone SE is better in both of these things.
Hi guys which is better in gaming experience? iPhone 6 or iPhone SE?
 And which has more battery life on 10.3 on your based experience not to somebody said.; Hi guys which is better in gaming experience? iPhone 6 or iPhone SE?; And which has more battery life on 10.3 on your based experience not to somebody said.
L, 31 Mar 2017You may as well buy an Moto E3. Moto e3 is not comparable to iPhone 6, the moto is so weak and also cheaper; Moto e3 is not comparable to iPhone 6, the moto is so weak and also cheaper
You may as well buy an Moto E3.; You may as well buy an Moto E3.
Iphone 6 or samsung s7 am confused which one to buy; Iphone 6 or samsung s7 am confused which one to buy
pauldjoker, 30 Mar 2017iphone 5s 32gb or iphone 6 16 gb ? and if i choose iphone 5s, will it last until ios 12 or eve... moreiPhone 5s, 32GB, but at this time, it's pretty unclear because it seems like iOS 10.3.2 cuts the 32bit support which is still not confirmed because it is also possible that they will have it later. But between 5s and 6, there isn't a big difference speed-wise; iPhone 5s, 32GB, but at this time, it's pretty unclear because it seems like iOS 10.3.2 cuts the 32bit support which is still not confirmed because it is also possible that they will have it later. But between 5s and 6, there isn't a big difference speed-wise
iphone 5s 32gb or iphone 6 16 gb ? and if i choose iphone 5s, will it last until ios 12 or even more ? sorry for my bad english; iphone 5s 32gb or iphone 6 16 gb ? and if i choose iphone 5s, will it last until ios 12 or even more ? sorry for my bad english
pariz, 29 Mar 2017I am planning to buy, Which is better? Iphone 6 or 5s?? And please explain coz it's my 1st tim... moreThe iPhone 6 is of course better, but the 5s has better value because it costs only about half while being almost as good as the iPhone 6 technically; The iPhone 6 is of course better, but the 5s has better value because it costs only about half while being almost as good as the iPhone 6 technically
pariz, 29 Mar 2017I am planning to buy, Which is better? Iphone 6 or 5s?? And please explain coz it's my 1st tim... morego for iphone 6 if you can afford till 30 k otherwise you can get 5s under 20 k but iphone 6 is better; go for iphone 6 if you can afford till 30 k otherwise you can get 5s under 20 k but iphone 6 is better
pariz, 29 Mar 2017I am planning to buy, Which is better? Iphone 6 or 5s?? And please explain coz it's my 1st tim... moreWell to answer your question you should pick the iPhone 5s; Well to answer your question you should pick the iPhone 5s
pariz, 29 Mar 2017I am planning to buy, Which is better? Iphone 6 or 5s?? And please explain coz it's my 1st tim... moreHi i have iphone 5 and its the same thing as 5s and they have a very bad battery life so im going to buy iPhone 6 and its better on many things ! So iphone 6 is better good luck.; Hi i have iphone 5 and its the same thing as 5s and they have a very bad battery life so im going to buy iPhone 6 and its better on many things ! So iphone 6 is better good luck.
Pr, 16 Mar 2017I would suggest go fr 6s 7 or SE . It's not worth spending 29k . If u want iPhone with brand g... moreI am planning to buy, Which is better? Iphone 6 or 5s?? And please explain coz it's my 1st time to use Apple.; I am planning to buy, Which is better? Iphone 6 or 5s?? And please explain coz it's my 1st time to use Apple.
k, 23 Mar 2017Similar price for one plus 3T.Real competition in India today.Whose camera is better ? 
 One plus 3t or iphone 6 ?; Whose camera is better ?; One plus 3t or iphone 6 ?
no; no
nana, 27 Mar 2017I drom my iphon6 in water what shut i doturn it off and put it into rice it will absorb the water. After 1 or 2 days, you can look for it again.; turn it off and put it into rice it will absorb the water. After 1 or 2 days, you can look for it again.
I drom my iphon6 in water what shut i do; I drom my iphon6 in water what shut i do
Coco, 22 Mar 2017I need help.. After update iphone 6 16gb to ios 10.2.1 my phone so lag. Gaming, batery drain,... moreHard reset your phone by holding power and home button until apple logo.
 Do let me know is the problem solved or what; Hard reset your phone by holding power and home button until apple logo.; Do let me know is the problem solved or what
Coco, 22 Mar 2017I need help.. After update iphone 6 16gb to ios 10.2.1 my phone so lag. Gaming, batery drain,... moreSame problem bro unexpected shutdown battery problem; Same problem bro unexpected shutdown battery problem
Prince, 22 Mar 2017Buddy 29k is also very cheap if you recall the price at its launch... And a big screen really ... moreSimilar price for one plus 3T.Real competition in India today.; Similar price for one plus 3T.Real competition in India today.
Coco, 22 Mar 2017I need help.. After update iphone 6 16gb to ios 10.2.1 my phone so lag. Gaming, batery drain,... moreI would recommend a factory reset for iphones that are not old but already slow after software update. I had the same when I updated my iPhone 5 to iOS 8 and it became worse with every update. Then, I deleted my backup which I had since iOS 6 and set it up as a new iPhone. Ever since, it is faster on iOS 10 than my iPad mini 3 on iOS 10 which is technically twice as fast (but uses an iOS 6 backup from old iPad 4).; I would recommend a factory reset for iphones that are not old but already slow after software update. I had the same when I updated my iPhone 5 to iOS 8 and it became worse with every update. Then, I deleted my backup which I had since iOS 6 and set it up as a new iPhone. Ever since, it is faster on iOS 10 than my iPad mini 3 on iOS 10 which is technically twice as fast (but uses an iOS 6 backup from old iPad 4).
app, 20 Mar 2017how to remove the shutter sound when you take photographs? thankssilent the phone; silent the phone
I need help.. After update iphone 6 16gb to ios 10.2.1 my phone so lag. Gaming, batery drain, data conecting slow.; I need help.. After update iphone 6 16gb to ios 10.2.1 my phone so lag. Gaming, batery drain, data conecting slow.
Pr, 16 Mar 2017I would suggest go fr 6s 7 or SE . It's not worth spending 29k . If u want iPhone with brand g... moreBuddy 29k is also very cheap if you recall the price at its launch... And a big screen really matters..29k @32gb is a worth buy.; Buddy 29k is also very cheap if you recall the price at its launch... And a big screen really matters..29k @32gb is a worth buy.
Anonymous, 21 Mar 2017Even I hv been cnfused between 6 and 6s.. I alrdy own a 5s 16 gb, I think in today's time one ... moreAlso think about the fact that iPhone 5s still is a great phone; Also think about the fact that iPhone 5s still is a great phone
Even I hv been cnfused between 6 and 6s.. I alrdy own a 5s 16 gb, I think in today's time one shud go for 6s.. With camera improvement. Better chip and 3d touch .. though I hv to wait bcz my wallet dznt allow me yet lol; Even I hv been cnfused between 6 and 6s.. I alrdy own a 5s 16 gb, I think in today's time one shud go for 6s.. With camera improvement. Better chip and 3d touch .. though I hv to wait bcz my wallet dznt allow me yet lol
how to remove the shutter sound when you take photographs? thanks; how to remove the shutter sound when you take photographs? thanks
chathzu, 15 Mar 2017My i phone 6 touch is getting stuck.some time it Occure auto Typing and app opening.wbat shoul... moreBuy a different phone. iPhone 6 and 6 plus bend easily and cAuses all kids of problem. I suggest you get a 5 or possible 7 stay away from the 6; Buy a different phone. iPhone 6 and 6 plus bend easily and cAuses all kids of problem. I suggest you get a 5 or possible 7 stay away from the 6
Is there a way to "select all" when deleting email? If not, why not?; Is there a way to "select all" when deleting email? If not, why not?
I would suggest go fr 6s 7 or SE . It's not worth spending 29k . If u want iPhone with brand go fr 5s you can get it in 18k . Do u think spending 10k extra just fr big screen n 6s design?? A7 and A8 chip are not much different , cam is also same few difference in pixels may be . Spent ur money wisely . Either go fr 5s or 6s or 7 . But spending 29k on 3 year is not good decision but spending 18k on 5s is ok and 5s and 6 both will get update till ios12; I would suggest go fr 6s 7 or SE . It's not worth spending 29k . If u want iPhone with brand go fr 5s you can get it in 18k . Do u think spending 10k extra just fr big screen n 6s design?? A7 and A8 chip are not much different , cam is also same few difference in pixels may be . Spent ur money wisely . Either go fr 5s or 6s or 7 . But spending 29k on 3 year is not good decision but spending 18k on 5s is ok and 5s and 6 both will get update till ios12
Is the iPhone 6 is worth to buy?
 Why the Apple is still releasing new iPhone 6 still releasing some new variant and the others says that iPhone 6 is not to good why iphone 6 is still releasing some new variant why not the other iPhones?; Is the iPhone 6 is worth to buy?; Why the Apple is still releasing new iPhone 6 still releasing some new variant and the others says that iPhone 6 is not to good why iphone 6 is still releasing some new variant why not the other iPhones?
My i phone 6 touch is getting stuck.some time it Occure auto Typing and app opening.wbat should i do for this problem.plz help me..; My i phone 6 touch is getting stuck.some time it Occure auto Typing and app opening.wbat should i do for this problem.plz help me..
Anonymous, 12 Mar 2017which one is the best iphone 6 and iphone SE (camera battery life ,speed and gaming ) plz hlp... moreSE is in all of your said factors better so you should go for it; SE is in all of your said factors better so you should go for it
Anonymous, 12 Mar 2017which one is the best iphone 6 and iphone SE (camera battery life ,speed and gaming ) plz hlp... moreWhen speed and gaming are concerned please go with iPhone SE. 
 IPhone SE is equipped with the same configuration of iPhone 6s with 12mp shooter and A9 chipset. All together packed in a 4" body which is similar like iPhone 5 series iPhone and very light weight. 
 By considering these factors I would suggest iPhone SE.; When speed and gaming are concerned please go with iPhone SE.; IPhone SE is equipped with the same configuration of iPhone 6s with 12mp shooter and A9 chipset. All together packed in a 4" body which is similar like iPhone 5 series iPhone and very light weight.; By considering these factors I would suggest iPhone SE.
tushh, 11 Mar 2017If anyone has purchased Iphone 6 ( 32gb) then tell me that on amazon it is showing in descript... moreits 1.4 ghz and 32gb model is best than to have 16gb model. I had purchased 32gb space grey on 8 march from market so u can go for it; its 1.4 ghz and 32gb model is best than to have 16gb model. I had purchased 32gb space grey on 8 march from market so u can go for it
which one is the best iphone 6 and iphone SE (camera battery life ,speed and gaming ) plz hlp me lm battling wc one shld l go for.; which one is the best iphone 6 and iphone SE (camera battery life ,speed and gaming ) plz hlp me lm battling wc one shld l go for.
Anonymous, 12 Mar 2017is iphone6 ggp unlock ..legit or not?An iPhone gpp unlocking is not at all adviceable, which may further lead to security issues and the performance also lags. 
 Planning a mobile within the budget is best thing ever, even going for refurbished mobile is also an Option. &#128512;; An iPhone gpp unlocking is not at all adviceable, which may further lead to security issues and the performance also lags.; Planning a mobile within the budget is best thing ever, even going for refurbished mobile is also an Option. &#128512;
Lucky, 08 Mar 2017Please go for iPhone 6 cozz :: -has got good battery back up than 6s (bigger battery) -DDR3 ... moreis iphone6 ggp unlock ..legit or not?; is iphone6 ggp unlock ..legit or not?
tushh, 11 Mar 2017If anyone has purchased Iphone 6 ( 32gb) then tell me that on amazon it is showing in descript... moreI m from India where apple has launched iphone 6 32gb new variant and it is sold via Amazon.; I m from India where apple has launched iphone 6 32gb new variant and it is sold via Amazon.
If anyone has purchased Iphone 6 ( 32gb) then tell me that on amazon it is showing in description that it has 1.84ghz A8 chip but on Gsmarena and on other sites it is showing that iphone 6 has 1.4ghz A8 chip. How it can be possible?? So kindly check your mobile processor and tell me afterwards. In case you have doubt then run geekbench 4 on your iphone 6. Reply urgent.Thanks..!!; If anyone has purchased Iphone 6 ( 32gb) then tell me that on amazon it is showing in description that it has 1.84ghz A8 chip but on Gsmarena and on other sites it is showing that iphone 6 has 1.4ghz A8 chip. How it can be possible?? So kindly check your mobile processor and tell me afterwards. In case you have doubt then run geekbench 4 on your iphone 6. Reply urgent.Thanks..!!
confusearcher, 09 Mar 2017i've been using lumia for 3 years. now its broken. well nokia is very good but in all apps ver... morevivo and oppo are no good choices. They are mainly for lifestyle and selfies. An iPhone is a package which is good overall. If you plan to use your phone for a longer time, I would recommend iPhone. If you are ok with a little trouble but then having a much more customized phone (you really can dig into it for nights and days), I would recommend OnePlus and Xiaomi (especially if you are from China which sounds like this because you consider oppo and vivo which are only really known in china and india), while OnePlus is more for worldwide and Xiaomi more focused for China.; vivo and oppo are no good choices. They are mainly for lifestyle and selfies. An iPhone is a package which is good overall. If you plan to use your phone for a longer time, I would recommend iPhone. If you are ok with a little trouble but then having a much more customized phone (you really can dig into it for nights and days), I would recommend OnePlus and Xiaomi (especially if you are from China which sounds like this because you consider oppo and vivo which are only really known in china and india), while OnePlus is more for worldwide and Xiaomi more focused for China.
i've been using lumia for 3 years. now its broken. well nokia is very good but in all apps very slow updated and not friendly apps. huu~
 
 which one is better, either apple ip or android ( vivo/oppo etc) ?
 
 in all specs. because i'm not good in choosing or updated with all this.
 thank you in advance.; i've been using lumia for 3 years. now its broken. well nokia is very good but in all apps very slow updated and not friendly apps. huu~; which one is better, either apple ip or android ( vivo/oppo etc) ?; in all specs. because i'm not good in choosing or updated with all this.; thank you in advance.
Cha, 09 Mar 2017Iphone 5s 64gb or iphone 6 64gb. Confiuse. Any suggest?Decide which screen size you prefer. I would personally say the 5s has a much better value and that the little upgrades of 6 aren't worth over 5s; Decide which screen size you prefer. I would personally say the 5s has a much better value and that the little upgrades of 6 aren't worth over 5s
Cha, 09 Mar 2017Iphone 5s 64gb or iphone 6 64gb. Confiuse. Any suggest?go for iPhone 6, as it has got latest design, configuration, and pretty good size 4.7" when compared to iPhone 5S which is outdated.
 I have used both the devices and this is my opinion.; go for iPhone 6, as it has got latest design, configuration, and pretty good size 4.7" when compared to iPhone 5S which is outdated.; I have used both the devices and this is my opinion.
Cha, 09 Mar 2017Iphone 5s 64gb or iphone 6 64gb. Confiuse. Any suggest?Go for Iphone 6. It has A8 chip compared to A7 in 5s. On top of that you will get one more big iOS update advantage. And its sleek too!; Go for Iphone 6. It has A8 chip compared to A7 in 5s. On top of that you will get one more big iOS update advantage. And its sleek too!
Iphone 5s 64gb or iphone 6 64gb. Confiuse. Any suggest?; Iphone 5s 64gb or iphone 6 64gb. Confiuse. Any suggest?
Franz, 08 Mar 2017Which is better? Iphone 6s w/ 16gb or iphone6 w/ 128gb?iPhone 6s is much faster, but 16GB is just not enough. I would save up a little and get the iPhone 6s or settle for a 32GB iPhone 6.; iPhone 6s is much faster, but 16GB is just not enough. I would save up a little and get the iPhone 6s or settle for a 32GB iPhone 6.
Franz, 08 Mar 2017Which is better? Iphone 6s w/ 16gb or iphone6 w/ 128gb?Please go for iPhone 6 cozz ::
 -has got good battery back up than 6s (bigger battery)
 -DDR3 ram on 6(known for good performance equivalent to 2gb)
 -slimmer than 6s
 -light weight compared to 6s
 -as you have said 16gb 6s and 128gb iPhone 6, there is no comparison at all. U will get 9gb left over on 6s for the user whereas 115gb will be there for the user on iPhone 6..; Please go for iPhone 6 cozz ::; -has got good battery back up than 6s (bigger battery); -DDR3 ram on 6(known for good performance equivalent to 2gb); -slimmer than 6s; -light weight compared to 6s; -as you have said 16gb 6s and 128gb iPhone 6, there is no comparison at all. U will get 9gb left over on 6s for the user whereas 115gb will be there for the user on iPhone 6..
Which is better? Iphone 6s w/ 16gb or iphone6 w/ 128gb?; Which is better? Iphone 6s w/ 16gb or iphone6 w/ 128gb?
roska, 06 Mar 2017Dear all, I want to say that in a few months I'm a user of this phone so far I have twice ... moreBut why did you have to change the screen. And did you have to pay something? If not, this would speak for apple support; But why did you have to change the screen. And did you have to pay something? If not, this would speak for apple support
Dear all, 
 
 I want to say that in a few months I'm a user of this phone so far I have twice changed the phone screen, I mean that this is at least the quality ndeostojan name and price portables.; Dear all,; I want to say that in a few months I'm a user of this phone so far I have twice changed the phone screen, I mean that this is at least the quality ndeostojan name and price portables.
I need help I'm wondering if I should get an iPhone 6 or not; I need help I'm wondering if I should get an iPhone 6 or not
I bought iPhone 6 Plus and it has a touch disease.tried to repair but fault still exist making the phone useless.so I won't recommend for buying since it has manufacturers faoult; I bought iPhone 6 Plus and it has a touch disease.tried to repair but fault still exist making the phone useless.so I won't recommend for buying since it has manufacturers faoult
Mikelzkie, 04 Mar 2017But what about the iPhone 6s plus? Does this have a chance?That's just what he's saying. For comparing Galaxies, it's usually that the one with newer hardware is better. So S6 edge plus has the S6 hardware which means it is in between iPhone 6 (Plus) and iPhone 6s (Plus). That means the iPhone 6 (Plus) is worse but the iPhone 6s (Plus) is better.; That's just what he's saying. For comparing Galaxies, it's usually that the one with newer hardware is better. So S6 edge plus has the S6 hardware which means it is in between iPhone 6 (Plus) and iPhone 6s (Plus). That means the iPhone 6 (Plus) is worse but the iPhone 6s (Plus) is better.
Anonymous, 04 Mar 2017Go with Mate 9. above budget I think; above budget I think
Anonymous, 03 Mar 2017Edge plus, I have one and its better than any iPhone I've ever had.But what about the iPhone 6s plus? Does this have a chance?; But what about the iPhone 6s plus? Does this have a chance?
SUMEET17, 28 Feb 2017should i go for iphone 6 or blackberry priv any suggestions would he helpfulGo with Mate 9.; Go with Mate 9.
Aashish, 28 Feb 2017Does iPhone 6 supports VoLTE?yes; yes
Ali, 27 Feb 2017I have been using iphone 6 since last month and i am facing issue with camera shutter sound in... moreits not a problem, shutter sound cant be mute when your iphone version is for Korea and other countries whos's not allowing muting.; its not a problem, shutter sound cant be mute when your iphone version is for Korea and other countries whos's not allowing muting.
raj, 03 Mar 2017better one is HTC LOL which one; LOL which one
Elize, 03 Mar 2017Which one is better iphone 6 or samsung s6?i've heard samsung s6 has better camera.I'm confused Again technically, Galaxy S6; Again technically, Galaxy S6
Anonymous, 03 Mar 2017Edge plus, I have one and its better than any iPhone I've ever had.Then you didn't have iPhone 6s or 7; Then you didn't have iPhone 6s or 7
Rao Zeeshan, 28 Feb 2017Guys help me out, which phone is better Apple Iphone 6 64gb or samsung galaxy s6 edge plusbetter one is HTC; better one is HTC
Anonymous, 26 Jan 2017iphone 6 is much superior than j7 prime you should buy it any way. The battery is not easy to ... moreWhich one is better iphone 6 or samsung s6?i've heard samsung s6 has better camera.I'm confused; Which one is better iphone 6 or samsung s6?i've heard samsung s6 has better camera.I'm confused
Rao Zeeshan, 28 Feb 2017Guys help me out, which phone is better Apple Iphone 6 64gb or samsung galaxy s6 edge plusEdge plus, I have one and its better than any iPhone I've ever had.; Edge plus, I have one and its better than any iPhone I've ever had.
Rao Zeeshan, 28 Feb 2017Guys help me out, which phone is better Apple Iphone 6 64gb or samsung galaxy s6 edge plusI prefer Apple, but S6 edge + is technically better, if you like big phones; I prefer Apple, but S6 edge + is technically better, if you like big phones
Guys help me out, which phone is better Apple Iphone 6 64gb or samsung galaxy s6 edge plus; Guys help me out, which phone is better Apple Iphone 6 64gb or samsung galaxy s6 edge plus
Adambarfi, 28 Feb 2017Perhaps your mobile is semi-jail-broken and restarted, after restart you need to do the jail... moreWhat do u mean "semi jail break" or "jail break"?; What do u mean "semi jail break" or "jail break"?
Bern, 27 Feb 2017Whenever I try to open application, it was closing automatically. Need to know why ? -not all... morePerhaps your mobile is semi-jail-broken and restarted, 
 after restart you need to do the jailbreak again.; Perhaps your mobile is semi-jail-broken and restarted,; after restart you need to do the jailbreak again.
Does iPhone 6 supports VoLTE?; Does iPhone 6 supports VoLTE?
Bern, 27 Feb 2017Whenever I try to open application, it was closing automatically. Need to know why ? -not all... moreIf it's just that one application,it's probably a bug from the developer. Try deleting it and reinstalling it. Power off phone then power on. Check for updates before deleting. Updates fix bugs a lot of times.; If it's just that one application,it's probably a bug from the developer. Try deleting it and reinstalling it. Power off phone then power on. Check for updates before deleting. Updates fix bugs a lot of times.
should i go for iphone 6 or blackberry priv any suggestions would he helpful; should i go for iphone 6 or blackberry priv any suggestions would he helpful
Whenever I try to open application, it was closing automatically. Need to know why ?
 -not all application; Whenever I try to open application, it was closing automatically. Need to know why ?; -not all application
Does OTG work on iphone 6?; Does OTG work on iphone 6?
I have been using iphone 6 since last month and i am facing issue with camera shutter sound in silent mode. Camera shutter sound do not mute during silent in iphone 6. Please help.; I have been using iphone 6 since last month and i am facing issue with camera shutter sound in silent mode. Camera shutter sound do not mute during silent in iphone 6. Please help.
Mikelzkie, 25 Feb 2017So iPhone se is better in gaming?Yes, it has little lower red display and 90% faster Graphics card (also called GPU) so it is even better than iPhone 6s in gaming because of the resolution which fits better to the size; Yes, it has little lower red display and 90% faster Graphics card (also called GPU) so it is even better than iPhone 6s in gaming because of the resolution which fits better to the size
Anonymous, 25 Feb 2017In every aspect iPhone SESo iPhone se is better in gaming?; So iPhone se is better in gaming?
Mikelzkie, 25 Feb 2017Hi guys which phone is better in gaming iPhone SE or iPhone 6? In battery,performance and much... moreDude, i had iPhone 5s earlier and now own iPhone 6. Phone size makes a huge difference, in my opinion 4.7 inch is far better than 4 inch phone. W.r.t phone performance SE is ahead of iPhone 6. But I would recommend iPhone 6.; Dude, i had iPhone 5s earlier and now own iPhone 6. Phone size makes a huge difference, in my opinion 4.7 inch is far better than 4 inch phone. W.r.t phone performance SE is ahead of iPhone 6. But I would recommend iPhone 6.
Mikelzkie, 25 Feb 2017Hi guys which phone is better in gaming iPhone SE or iPhone 6? In battery,performance and much... moreIn every aspect iPhone SE; In every aspect iPhone SE
Hi guys which phone is better in gaming iPhone SE or iPhone 6? In battery,performance and much more pls reply me; Hi guys which phone is better in gaming iPhone SE or iPhone 6? In battery,performance and much more pls reply me
Anonymous, 24 Feb 2017Apple Iphone 6 is the worst phone I've ever owned! Never connects to WiFi and there seems to b... moreThere is something called internet where you can look up for a solution. And it is definitely not the fault of the phone, because this "problem" is not widespread by any means. You could also explain your problem to me, maybe I have a solution. But if you don't care and directly buy a new phone, then good luck with an android where such problems nobody else has are standard.; There is something called internet where you can look up for a solution. And it is definitely not the fault of the phone, because this "problem" is not widespread by any means. You could also explain your problem to me, maybe I have a solution. But if you don't care and directly buy a new phone, then good luck with an android where such problems nobody else has are standard.
Apple Iphone 6 is the worst phone I've ever owned! Never connects to WiFi and there seems to be no fix. A lot of different opinions as to whats wrong and a lot of finger pointing, Apple says call carrier, carrier says call Apple. Apple says tech support warranty has expired and you're on your own.Looking for a new phone and will never buy Apple again!; Apple Iphone 6 is the worst phone I've ever owned! Never connects to WiFi and there seems to be no fix. A lot of different opinions as to whats wrong and a lot of finger pointing, Apple says call carrier, carrier says call Apple. Apple says tech support warranty has expired and you're on your own.Looking for a new phone and will never buy Apple again!
More RAM and it would be beast; More RAM and it would be beast
michael, 24 Feb 2017But on heavy usage which is have long battery life? How many hours/days?I'm sorry but I can't say because I have neither of those devices. My iPhone 7 has same GSMArena battery life score as iPhone 6 and it get's me through the day, but it may struggle under heavy apps a little more and then have a lower battery life. I would guess iPhone 6 1 day and iPhone SE 1 1/2 day; I'm sorry but I can't say because I have neither of those devices. My iPhone 7 has same GSMArena battery life score as iPhone 6 and it get's me through the day, but it may struggle under heavy apps a little more and then have a lower battery life. I would guess iPhone 6 1 day and iPhone SE 1 1/2 day
Cinabeng, 24 Feb 2017What the heck footprint dudeLonger and wider; Longer and wider
Anonymous, 23 Feb 2017Ok I just got time, here it goes: iPhone 6: - more CDMA bands (only used by some american ... moreBut on heavy usage which is have long battery life? How many hours/days?; But on heavy usage which is have long battery life? How many hours/days?
Anonymous, 23 Feb 2017Ok I just got time, here it goes: iPhone 6: - more CDMA bands (only used by some american ... moreWhat the heck footprint dude; What the heck footprint dude
michael, 23 Feb 2017Can you give me their comparison?pls Ok I just got time, here it goes:
 
 iPhone 6:
 - more CDMA bands (only used by some american providers)
 - 8% slimmer bezels (5% absolute)
 - 10% thinner
 - higher display contrast
 - wider viewing angles
 - superior polarizer (display)
 - 128GB option
 - bigger camera pixel size
 - 8% brighter front camera aperture
 - dual-band WLAN
 - barometer
 
 iPhone SE:
 - no camera bump
 - smaller footprint (better one-handed use)
 - 12% lighter
 - 70% faster GPU
 - 90% faster GPU
 - 2GB RAM
 - LPDDR4 RAM (vs LPDDR3, results in better performance at less power consumption)
 - 33% higher resolution camera (only does for better zoom, don't make too much weigh on Megapixels, but the camera is overall better)
 - 2160p@30fps video recording
 - 1080p@120fps slo-mo recording
 - Bluetooth 4.2 LE (vs 4.0 LE)
 - rose gold color option
 - cheaper
 - 16% longer battery life (according to GSMArena battery test)
 - 1 or 2 years longer update support (because of faster and newer Apple A9 chipset); Ok I just got time, here it goes:; iPhone 6:; - more CDMA bands (only used by some american providers); - 8% slimmer bezels (5% absolute); - 10% thinner; - higher display contrast; - wider viewing angles; - superior polarizer (display); - 128GB option; - bigger camera pixel size; - 8% brighter front camera aperture; - dual-band WLAN; - barometer; iPhone SE:; - no camera bump; - smaller footprint (better one-handed use); - 12% lighter; - 70% faster GPU; - 90% faster GPU; - 2GB RAM; - LPDDR4 RAM (vs LPDDR3, results in better performance at less power consumption); - 33% higher resolution camera (only does for better zoom, don't make too much weigh on Megapixels, but the camera is overall better); - 2160p@30fps video recording; - 1080p@120fps slo-mo recording; - Bluetooth 4.2 LE (vs 4.0 LE); - rose gold color option; - cheaper; - 16% longer battery life (according to GSMArena battery test); - 1 or 2 years longer update support (because of faster and newer Apple A9 chipset)
michael, 23 Feb 2017Can you give me their comparison?pls I will give you the advantages of each when I have time, which will probably be tomorrow because of the weekend.; I will give you the advantages of each when I have time, which will probably be tomorrow because of the weekend.
Anonymous, 22 Feb 2017iPhone 6 has better screen and iPhone SE has better performance. Overall, you should go with t... moreCan you give me their comparison?pls; Can you give me their comparison?pls
michael, 22 Feb 2017Hi guys which on is better in performance and screen and what so ever iPhone 6 or iPhone SE pl... moreiPhone 6 has better screen and iPhone SE has better performance. Overall, you should go with the iPhone SE because apart from the front (display, front facing camera, and Touch ID sensor) it's a 6s; iPhone 6 has better screen and iPhone SE has better performance. Overall, you should go with the iPhone SE because apart from the front (display, front facing camera, and Touch ID sensor) it's a 6s
samsung fan, 22 Feb 2017Not REALLY the note 5 is way ahead of the iphone 6No, it's a S6 with a pen xD; No, it's a S6 with a pen xD
Duel, 12 Aug 2015"Look at the specs compared to other popular Android phones" Only people without ... moreNot REALLY the note 5 is way ahead of the iphone 6; Not REALLY the note 5 is way ahead of the iphone 6
Hi guys which on is better in performance and screen and what so ever iPhone 6 or iPhone SE pls guys do reply me; Hi guys which on is better in performance and screen and what so ever iPhone 6 or iPhone SE pls guys do reply me
Sid890, 18 Feb 2017How is the front cam quality of iphone 6?????? I am thinking to buy a new phone It is just awsome go fr it &#128522;; It is just awsome go fr it &#128522;
ABADDON, 22 May 2014this would be the fastest selling smartphone in the world! yeah! I'm glad that I'm the sec... moreCongratulations, I was the first commenter on iPhone 8; Congratulations, I was the first commenter on iPhone 8
Sid890, 18 Feb 2017How is the front cam quality of iphone 6?????? I am thinking to buy a new phone It is ok, but iPhone 6s is much better. iPhone 5s and 6 are about the same.; It is ok, but iPhone 6s is much better. iPhone 5s and 6 are about the same.
How is the front cam quality of iphone 6?????? I am thinking to buy a new phone; How is the front cam quality of iphone 6?????? I am thinking to buy a new phone
Anonymous, 16 Feb 2017At the moment, it's in beta 2. Maybe a month or 1 1/2 monthsHopefully, it fixes the battery issue that many is having. This doesn't happen to my iPhone 6 though... maybe I just got lucky. Lol. And ALSO, can they bring back Slide to Unlock... Like... srsly. I have sweaty hands most of the time, and the Touch ID on the 6 isn't 2nd Gen. Slide to Unlock really helps me get through the frustration.; Hopefully, it fixes the battery issue that many is having. This doesn't happen to my iPhone 6 though... maybe I just got lucky. Lol. And ALSO, can they bring back Slide to Unlock... Like... srsly. I have sweaty hands most of the time, and the Touch ID on the 6 isn't 2nd Gen. Slide to Unlock really helps me get through the frustration.
jay-jay, 17 Feb 2017im having an iphone s6 and i just deleted the safari app by mistake how to i get it back as i ... moreif you are on iOS 10 and higher, you can remove the pre-installed apps (e.g Calendar, Weather, Maps, etc.) on the home screen but without actually deleting them from you phone's memory. But you can go to the app store and search the pre-installed app and just download it. (It will not actually download, because the app wasn't deleted in the first place.) But in your case, you shouldn't be able to delete or remove the Safari app from the home screen. Try going to Facebook, open any link, and select "open in Safari" option. If you can't open for some reason, try restoring your iPhone using iTunes.; if you are on iOS 10 and higher, you can remove the pre-installed apps (e.g Calendar, Weather, Maps, etc.) on the home screen but without actually deleting them from you phone's memory. But you can go to the app store and search the pre-installed app and just download it. (It will not actually download, because the app wasn't deleted in the first place.) But in your case, you shouldn't be able to delete or remove the Safari app from the home screen. Try going to Facebook, open any link, and select "open in Safari" option. If you can't open for some reason, try restoring your iPhone using iTunes.
jay-jay, 17 Feb 2017im having an iphone s6 and i just deleted the safari app by mistake how to i get it back as i ... more1. There is no iPhone s6. There are iPhone 6, iPhone 6s and Galaxy S6
 2. it isn't possible for you to delete safari
 3. if you deleted any other pre-installed app, you can get it back by searching it on the AppStore for it and downloading it (it doesn't really download it. It is still on the device, you just get the icon back.
 
 If you really think you deleted safari, you probably just put it into a folder. Then, you can search all day or just swipe down on the homescreen (spotlight search appears) and type 'safari'; 1. There is no iPhone s6. There are iPhone 6, iPhone 6s and Galaxy S6; 2. it isn't possible for you to delete safari; 3. if you deleted any other pre-installed app, you can get it back by searching it on the AppStore for it and downloading it (it doesn't really download it. It is still on the device, you just get the icon back.; If you really think you deleted safari, you probably just put it into a folder. Then, you can search all day or just swipe down on the homescreen (spotlight search appears) and type 'safari'
im having an iphone s6 and i just deleted the safari app by mistake how to i get it back as i cant do internet on the phone . pls help; im having an iphone s6 and i just deleted the safari app by mistake how to i get it back as i cant do internet on the phone . pls help
Anonymous, 13 Feb 2017Worst camera quality. My 8000 Rs Redmi3S is taking beautiful pic. The camera of my iPhone 6 is crystal clear. You can try to adjust the brightness of your screen to get a better or best result in both camera and video.; The camera of my iPhone 6 is crystal clear. You can try to adjust the brightness of your screen to get a better or best result in both camera and video.
Mohd Khan, 14 Feb 2017When will ths 10.3 update will arrive?At the moment, it's in beta 2. Maybe a month or 1 1/2 months; At the moment, it's in beta 2. Maybe a month or 1 1/2 months
best phone ever !; best phone ever !
Anonymous, 29 Jan 2017Wait for iOS 10.3, it hopefully fixes the battery issues (I've never experienced them on my iP... moreWhen will ths 10.3 update will arrive?; When will ths 10.3 update will arrive?
Anonymous, 13 Feb 2017Worst camera quality. My 8000 Rs Redmi3S is taking beautiful pic. you lie!; you lie!
Worst camera quality. My 8000 Rs Redmi3S is taking beautiful pic.; Worst camera quality. My 8000 Rs Redmi3S is taking beautiful pic.
Anonymous, 10 Feb 2017you know what? you can also buy an iPhone 3GS on eBay and enjoy the much better looking iOS 6 ... moreNicr; Nicr
Anonymous, 08 Feb 2017I have used it for years,, so apple remove swipe to unlock, then press down home button and 3.... moreyou know what? you can also buy an iPhone 3GS on eBay and enjoy the much better looking iOS 6 (of course it is outdated af, but hey it looks better, has swipe to unlock and a headphone jack. And also, swipe to unlock and typing a code is so much more convenient than laying a finger on the home button...); you know what? you can also buy an iPhone 3GS on eBay and enjoy the much better looking iOS 6 (of course it is outdated af, but hey it looks better, has swipe to unlock and a headphone jack. And also, swipe to unlock and typing a code is so much more convenient than laying a finger on the home button...)
Anonymous, 07 Feb 2017It's gone. But in settings, you can turn on that when you use TouchID, you don't have to click... moreI have used it for years,, so apple remove swipe to unlock, then press down home button and 3.5 mm jack,,sadly my time with apple is over. they remove stuff and sell you add ons to make more monies.; I have used it for years,, so apple remove swipe to unlock, then press down home button and 3.5 mm jack,,sadly my time with apple is over. they remove stuff and sell you add ons to make more monies.
Please go back to the right slide to open the phone .; Please go back to the right slide to open the phone .
Please someone to help me and show me since I take 10.2.1 ios is not anything I can in order to see in horizontal and also the other problem I have is that the battery of the handset is the spend-please check with someone to help this problem some of you,,, thank you.; Please someone to help me and show me since I take 10.2.1 ios is not anything I can in order to see in horizontal and also the other problem I have is that the battery of the handset is the spend-please check with someone to help this problem some of you,,, thank you.
Anonymous, 07 Feb 2017How to reactivate swipe to unlock feature?It's gone. But in settings, you can turn on that when you use TouchID, you don't have to click an extra time; It's gone. But in settings, you can turn on that when you use TouchID, you don't have to click an extra time
How to reactivate swipe to unlock feature?; How to reactivate swipe to unlock feature?
vijay, 01 Feb 2017Is it support volteIt should do but it is not up to device it is up to your network supplier, if they do not provide VOLTE then you will not get it.; It should do but it is not up to device it is up to your network supplier, if they do not provide VOLTE then you will not get it.
i just got my iphone 6 and i love it but it easily drains the charge :( anyone to suggest what to do; i just got my iphone 6 and i love it but it easily drains the charge :( anyone to suggest what to do
vijay, 01 Feb 2017Is it support volte I cloud remover; I cloud remover
Is it support volte; Is it support volte
Anonymous, 30 Jan 2017The extra RAM isn't a reason. Reasons are 3D Touch, better camera, much faster CPU/GPU/storage... morethanks.; thanks.
Anonymous, 30 Jan 2017The video is not 1080p60, its 1080p30 and 720p60are u sure??; are u sure??
Anonymous, 30 Jan 2017still debating whether to buy second hand 6s to upgrade cheaply but still really cannot find a... moreThe extra RAM isn't a reason. Reasons are 3D Touch, better camera, much faster CPU/GPU/storage which still is faster than most android phones, faster touchID; The extra RAM isn't a reason. Reasons are 3D Touch, better camera, much faster CPU/GPU/storage which still is faster than most android phones, faster touchID
still debating whether to buy second hand 6s to upgrade cheaply but still really cannot find any reasons unless extra RAM really helps.; still debating whether to buy second hand 6s to upgrade cheaply but still really cannot find any reasons unless extra RAM really helps.
The video is not 1080p60, its 1080p30 and 720p60; The video is not 1080p60, its 1080p30 and 720p60
chase , 28 Jan 2017please what about the selfie camera on this phone ???????good or bad???It's ok; It's ok
Nick, 28 Jan 2017Hello guys, How is ios 10.2.1 update?? Is there any change in battery backup?? Any other n... moreWait for iOS 10.3, it hopefully fixes the battery issues (I've never experienced them on my iPhone 7 but many people tell about it. Maybe it's good when they reset their phone); Wait for iOS 10.3, it hopefully fixes the battery issues (I've never experienced them on my iPhone 7 but many people tell about it. Maybe it's good when they reset their phone)
Adha94, 29 Jan 2017Nexus 6 or iPhone 6? Which one should I buy?If you love big phones and think "the bigger the better" buy Nexus 6. else buy the more handy iPhone 6; If you love big phones and think "the bigger the better" buy Nexus 6. else buy the more handy iPhone 6
Nexus 6 or iPhone 6? Which one should I buy?; Nexus 6 or iPhone 6? Which one should I buy?
Dulaj, 28 Jan 2017My iPhone 6 is now starting to struck not much faster than it was on ios10.1.1. All happened a... moreiOS 10.2.1 already released; iOS 10.2.1 already released
what happened to my iphone 6 after the update , it stuck , i didnt see any icons and cant turn it off :( what happened ??? any one ?? i can only slide down and up .; what happened to my iphone 6 after the update , it stuck , i didnt see any icons and cant turn it off :( what happened ??? any one ?? i can only slide down and up .
My iPhone 6 is now starting to struck not much faster than it was on ios10.1.1. All happened after update to ios10.2. Pls tell me is that ios 10.2.1 release or not; My iPhone 6 is now starting to struck not much faster than it was on ios10.1.1. All happened after update to ios10.2. Pls tell me is that ios 10.2.1 release or not
Hello guys,
 
 How is ios 10.2.1 update?? Is there any change in battery backup??
 Any other noticeable changes?? Is it a good choice to update from ios 9.3.5; Hello guys,; How is ios 10.2.1 update?? Is there any change in battery backup??; Any other noticeable changes?? Is it a good choice to update from ios 9.3.5
please what about the selfie camera on this phone ???????good or bad???; please what about the selfie camera on this phone ???????good or bad???
jack, 20 Jan 2017i'm so confused. should i buy samsung galaxy j7prime or iphone6. cause i heard that iphone6 ha... moreNo it is very cool and it has a very good battery and even Iam using it even I heard it but go for it or even I phone 6 or 6s or 6s plus so nobody's about that confirm; No it is very cool and it has a very good battery and even Iam using it even I heard it but go for it or even I phone 6 or 6s or 6s plus so nobody's about that confirm
Its not waterproof and there is no equalizer for the music sorry
 but when i think about itunes and battery life plus the limit you get with this phone
 is just sad... you have access to no settings you just get a basic iphone 4
 that works faster with a better camera and the storage thing is a big issue
 why do i need to pay more for storage just make it 64GB stock 
 with 32GB only 8 will go for apps come on... and if you have 4K video
 32GB will never be enough; Its not waterproof and there is no equalizer for the music sorry; but when i think about itunes and battery life plus the limit you get with this phone; is just sad... you have access to no settings you just get a basic iphone 4; that works faster with a better camera and the storage thing is a big issue; why do i need to pay more for storage just make it 64GB stock; with 32GB only 8 will go for apps come on... and if you have 4K video; 32GB will never be enough
Nouman1, 26 Jan 2017I am Going to Buy a new phone... I am confused between Samsung Galaxy C5 and iphone 6... Can a... moreiPhone 6, C5 is low end in metal body; iPhone 6, C5 is low end in metal body
Anonymous, 27 Jan 2017Which phone do u prefer??? J7 prime or iphone 6? I need ur advice coz im planning to buy oneiPhone 6 mich better than Low end j7; iPhone 6 mich better than Low end j7
Dear all ,
 
 from 2 days ago I updatedmy whatsapp on my iPhone 6 and since that each time I tried to sent a voice note it will delivered empty 
 
 please can someone help me; Dear all ,; from 2 days ago I updatedmy whatsapp on my iPhone 6 and since that each time I tried to sent a voice note it will delivered empty; please can someone help me
Anonymous, 27 Jan 2017Which phone do u prefer??? J7 prime or iphone 6? I need ur advice coz im planning to buy oneiPhone 6, no doubt; iPhone 6, no doubt
Nouman1, 26 Jan 2017I am Going to Buy a new phone... I am confused between Samsung Galaxy C5 and iphone 6... Can a... moreiphone 6; iphone 6
Which phone do u prefer??? J7 prime or iphone 6? I need ur advice coz im planning to buy one; Which phone do u prefer??? J7 prime or iphone 6? I need ur advice coz im planning to buy one
I am Going to Buy a new phone... I am confused between Samsung Galaxy C5 and iphone 6... Can anyone suggest me whch should I Buy???; I am Going to Buy a new phone... I am confused between Samsung Galaxy C5 and iphone 6... Can anyone suggest me whch should I Buy???
jagdish , 25 Jan 2017I want to buy a iphone 6 Anyone can tell ....what is your opinion about iphone6great if you get a good price. About $300 used is gud.; great if you get a good price. About $300 used is gud.
jack, 20 Jan 2017i'm so confused. should i buy samsung galaxy j7prime or iphone6. cause i heard that iphone6 ha... moreiphone 6 is much superior than j7 prime you should buy it any way. The battery is not easy to crack (wtf who told this a battery can't even crack??) and definetly higher quality than j7 prime because it's high end compared to low end. and I don't know what whim is but who cares iPhone 6 is 5 times better.; iphone 6 is much superior than j7 prime you should buy it any way. The battery is not easy to crack (wtf who told this a battery can't even crack??) and definetly higher quality than j7 prime because it's high end compared to low end. and I don't know what whim is but who cares iPhone 6 is 5 times better.
bharath, 24 Jan 2017I phone 6 support 4g..network &jio sim.or not????hi yes it have 4g; hi yes it have 4g
I want to buy a iphone 6
 Anyone can tell ....what is your opinion about iphone6; I want to buy a iphone 6; Anyone can tell ....what is your opinion about iphone6
sonu, 20 Jan 2017I want i phone 6 .which is best space gray or silver.i think silver,which front is white.what ... moremy opponions is black front because Black front is normally better because you don't see the sensor and camera above screen and there is also no black bezel around the screen (very small and almost not noticeable); my opponions is black front because Black front is normally better because you don't see the sensor and camera above screen and there is also no black bezel around the screen (very small and almost not noticeable)
I phone 6 support 4g..network &jio sim.or not????; I phone 6 support 4g..network &jio sim.or not????
Atta Uddin, 23 Jan 2017Battery of Iphone 6 is better than samsung galxy 6 and edge...No it is not haha; No it is not haha
jack, 20 Jan 2017i'm so confused. should i buy samsung galaxy j7prime or iphone6. cause i heard that iphone6 ha... moreBattery of Iphone 6 is better than samsung galxy 6 and edge...; Battery of Iphone 6 is better than samsung galxy 6 and edge...
sonu bajaj, 20 Jan 2017I want i phone 6.i m thinking that which colour is best silver or space gray.i think silver bc... moreIt's personal preference. Black front is normally better because you don't see the sensor and camera above screen and there is also no black bezel around the screen (very small and almost not noticeable) But my iPhone 7 is silver just because I prefer this color.; It's personal preference. Black front is normally better because you don't see the sensor and camera above screen and there is also no black bezel around the screen (very small and almost not noticeable) But my iPhone 7 is silver just because I prefer this color.
i'm so confused. should i buy samsung galaxy j7prime or iphone6. cause i heard that iphone6 has a bad batery. then iphone6 easy to crack. is it right that iphone6 also cant download whim? please help me &#12640;&#12640;; i'm so confused. should i buy samsung galaxy j7prime or iphone6. cause i heard that iphone6 has a bad batery. then iphone6 easy to crack. is it right that iphone6 also cant download whim? please help me &#12640;&#12640;
I want i phone 6.i m thinking that which colour is best silver or space gray.i think silver bcoz its front is white.wht u thnk guys.plz suggest me; I want i phone 6.i m thinking that which colour is best silver or space gray.i think silver bcoz its front is white.wht u thnk guys.plz suggest me
Maddy, 19 Jan 2017If the front is black and back is silver then the screen is replaced. Space Grey comes with bl... moreI want i phone 6 .which is best space gray or silver.i think silver,which front is white.what u think guys; I want i phone 6 .which is best space gray or silver.i think silver,which front is white.what u think guys
userhelp, 11 Jan 2017Buy a used iPhone 6. I wanted to know if the front is black and the back is silver, is that a... moreIf the front is black and back is silver then the screen is replaced. Space Grey comes with black front and Gold & Silver comes with white front.; If the front is black and back is silver then the screen is replaced. Space Grey comes with black front and Gold & Silver comes with white front.
The I-phone 6 I have is very good and better than the i-phone 5s.But I have one problem and that is it sometimes flashes all the programs and turns itself off. Not a major problem I know but it does concern me. Any help would be of great assistance.; The I-phone 6 I have is very good and better than the i-phone 5s.But I have one problem and that is it sometimes flashes all the programs and turns itself off. Not a major problem I know but it does concern me. Any help would be of great assistance.
Rt12, 15 Jan 2017My icloud is locked i forgot my id what can i do please tell me. How can i open my icloud lockYou should try to recover your information through Apple.com and get pass the validation. Otherwise, it will be hardtime to get that information; You should try to recover your information through Apple.com and get pass the validation. Otherwise, it will be hardtime to get that information
Goran9, 15 Jan 2017iPhone 6 16GB or A7 2016? definetly iPhone 6. If you have the choice between old flagship or new lower end phone, choose the old high end, it was good back in the day so why should it be worse now.; definetly iPhone 6. If you have the choice between old flagship or new lower end phone, choose the old high end, it was good back in the day so why should it be worse now.
Rt12, 15 Jan 2017My icloud is locked i forgot my id what can i do please tell me. How can i open my icloud lockI dnt know; I dnt know
RT12 you have to sell your phone and buy anew one; RT12 you have to sell your phone and buy anew one
iPhone 6 16GB or A7 2016?; iPhone 6 16GB or A7 2016?
A7 2016 or iPhone 6 16GB?; A7 2016 or iPhone 6 16GB?
My icloud is locked i forgot my id what can i do please tell me. How can i open my icloud lock; My icloud is locked i forgot my id what can i do please tell me. How can i open my icloud lock
Anonymous, 07 Jan 2017Now I know mine is two years old and I have stuck with it but it cannot work in Canadian Winte... moreBuy a very cheap nokia or alcatel burner phone and use that instead mate, its unrealistic to use an iphone in such harsh conditions.; Buy a very cheap nokia or alcatel burner phone and use that instead mate, its unrealistic to use an iphone in such harsh conditions.
I like soo much i phone 6 128 in build.. this is stylish phone and battery pike up also good ... So plzz buy i phone 6 and i phone mega pixels is very very good i love so much my i phone 6 and soo plzzz buy the i phone 6 
 Thank you soo much; I like soo much i phone 6 128 in build.. this is stylish phone and battery pike up also good ... So plzz buy i phone 6 and i phone mega pixels is very very good i love so much my i phone 6 and soo plzzz buy the i phone 6; Thank you soo much
userhelp, 11 Jan 2017Buy a used iPhone 6. I wanted to know if the front is black and the back is silver, is that a... moreIf the back is really silver and not space grey, it is a silver model with a replaced screen. You still don't know if the screen is original from apple or some cheap ripoff, so if you have any screen problems, tell the person you bought it from; If the back is really silver and not space grey, it is a silver model with a replaced screen. You still don't know if the screen is original from apple or some cheap ripoff, so if you have any screen problems, tell the person you bought it from
Iphone 6 16GB or Samsung Galaxy A7 2016?; Iphone 6 16GB or Samsung Galaxy A7 2016?
I just noticed it while changing the background wallpaper, but are some wallpapers removed? Like the ones with the flowers. Running the latest update.; I just noticed it while changing the background wallpaper, but are some wallpapers removed? Like the ones with the flowers. Running the latest update.
userhelp, 11 Jan 2017Buy a used iPhone 6. I wanted to know if the front is black and the back is silver, is that a... moreNo, with the black front only Space Grey model. Other colors have a white front.; No, with the black front only Space Grey model. Other colors have a white front.
MARKYMARK, 02 Jan 2017Which is better, Iphone 6 128 gb or Iphone 6+ 64 gb? thank you!6 64gb; 6 64gb
ef'ti, 02 Jan 2017should I buy iphone 6s or galaxy s6 edge? I cannot understandiPhone 6s, newer and better; iPhone 6s, newer and better
ef'ti, 02 Jan 2017should I buy iphone 6s or galaxy s6 edge? I cannot understand6s; 6s
userhelp, 11 Jan 2017Buy a used iPhone 6. I wanted to know if the front is black and the back is silver, is that a... moreYou can see in gsmarena's iphone 6 picture that silver(grey) back + black front is original.; You can see in gsmarena's iphone 6 picture that silver(grey) back + black front is original.
Buy a used iPhone 6. I wanted to know if the front is black and the back is silver, is that an original model or was the screen replaced?
 
 
 Thank You.; Buy a used iPhone 6. I wanted to know if the front is black and the back is silver, is that an original model or was the screen replaced?; Thank You.
Buy a used iPhone 6. I wanted to know if the front is black and the back is silver, is that an original model or was the screen replaced?
 
 
 Thank You.; Buy a used iPhone 6. I wanted to know if the front is black and the back is silver, is that an original model or was the screen replaced?; Thank You.
my iphone 6 bettry isu 10.2; my iphone 6 bettry isu 10.2
Haimotea, 29 Dec 2016Do You all iPhone 6 Users have a Poor Battery life?Nah my iphone 6 battery just works perfectly fine it can go for 13 hours on a normal use; Nah my iphone 6 battery just works perfectly fine it can go for 13 hours on a normal use
Anonymous, 30 Dec 2016No, it's the same with a pretty but useless rounded display and more expensive.Go for the qualify,not only for the features!!
 Then only u will get the perfect one!!
 Bcos,samsung phone has lots of feature,but it doesnt mean that they r really best in their class!!
 Iphone is iphone!!; Go for the qualify,not only for the features!!; Then only u will get the perfect one!!; Bcos,samsung phone has lots of feature,but it doesnt mean that they r really best in their class!!; Iphone is iphone!!
diznuts, 08 Jan 2017no you will not have to pay for every app the are thousands of free apps on he apple storeThank You So Much!
 And I have one more that which iphone is best 6, 6s ,6s plus; Thank You So Much!; And I have one more that which iphone is best 6, 6s ,6s plus
Dinesh7639, 07 Jan 2017Hi Guys, I need your help that I want to buy a new iPhone but I have one question that i heard... moreIf you're referring to the app store in the iphone then, I would say it depends. There are plenty of free apps you can install in your iphone. You don't necessarily have to buy, unless the app you want is not free.; If you're referring to the app store in the iphone then, I would say it depends. There are plenty of free apps you can install in your iphone. You don't necessarily have to buy, unless the app you want is not free.
Dinesh7639, 07 Jan 2017Hi Guys, I need your help that I want to buy a new iPhone but I have one question that i heard... moreno you will not have to pay for every app the are thousands of free apps on he apple store; no you will not have to pay for every app the are thousands of free apps on he apple store
Now I know mine is two years old and I have stuck with it but it cannot work in Canadian Winter and be reliable I left mine in my jacket pocket and went for a 15min walk it was -18 Celcius and when I got home it wouldn't turn on from a full battery. Took 20mins for it to turn on. I have had this problem the entire time I have it and usually have to put it inside my jacket if I want it to work for any amount of time. I don't use social media, I have it if I need to call someone or am at home reading some stuff. If I had to make a call my phone would shut down so what is the point. Apple please figure out a better way as I like your set up. i don't really know if the newer ones fixed this (I don't know many smart phones that work when it's cold) by if they could figure it out and make it reliable in Canadian Winters it would be awesome. We are about to have a cold snap of 
 -30 to -40 without the wind chill (I'm not up north I'm in central Alberta) can't trust my phone during this time.; Now I know mine is two years old and I have stuck with it but it cannot work in Canadian Winter and be reliable I left mine in my jacket pocket and went for a 15min walk it was -18 Celcius and when I got home it wouldn't turn on from a full battery. Took 20mins for it to turn on. I have had this problem the entire time I have it and usually have to put it inside my jacket if I want it to work for any amount of time. I don't use social media, I have it if I need to call someone or am at home reading some stuff. If I had to make a call my phone would shut down so what is the point. Apple please figure out a better way as I like your set up. i don't really know if the newer ones fixed this (I don't know many smart phones that work when it's cold) by if they could figure it out and make it reliable in Canadian Winters it would be awesome. We are about to have a cold snap of; -30 to -40 without the wind chill (I'm not up north I'm in central Alberta) can't trust my phone during this time.
Hi Guys, I need your help that I want to buy a new iPhone but I have one question that i heard that in apple store we have to buy every app before download it so guys is it true or not?; Hi Guys, I need your help that I want to buy a new iPhone but I have one question that i heard that in apple store we have to buy every app before download it so guys is it true or not?
Dzivniex, 02 Jan 2017Galaxy for sure! Galaxy for sure I hate my iPhone; Galaxy for sure I hate my iPhone
My photos have not been uploaded in icloud from last 30 days though the wifi is on.
 
 Kindly suggest; My photos have not been uploaded in icloud from last 30 days though the wifi is on.; Kindly suggest
ef'ti, 02 Jan 2017should I buy iphone 6s or galaxy s6 edge? I cannot understandGalaxy for sure!; Galaxy for sure!
should I buy iphone 6s or galaxy s6 edge? I cannot understand; should I buy iphone 6s or galaxy s6 edge? I cannot understand
Which is better, Iphone 6 128 gb or Iphone 6+ 64 gb? thank you!; Which is better, Iphone 6 128 gb or Iphone 6+ 64 gb? thank you!
6 64gb or Huawei P9?; 6 64gb or Huawei P9?
Martinela, 24 Dec 2016Samsung galaxy s6 edge 32 GB or iPhone 6 128Gb? Please help me.In my opinion 6s 32GB is better than them and forget Samsung It's became a trash after 2 years but Apple phones can Use for 4 years; In my opinion 6s 32GB is better than them and forget Samsung It's became a trash after 2 years but Apple phones can Use for 4 years
Alphapiro, 31 Dec 2016I am in doubts please help me...i just found an online site that sells Iphone6 at a price of 2... moreRefurbrished they are.; Refurbrished they are.
I am in doubts please help me...i just found an online site that sells Iphone6 at a price of 230-260 shipping costs inclusive..will these phones be really original?; I am in doubts please help me...i just found an online site that sells Iphone6 at a price of 230-260 shipping costs inclusive..will these phones be really original?
infamous, 28 Dec 2016iphone 6Samsung is more better than apple; Samsung is more better than apple
hi, 28 Dec 2016the edge is way better trust meNo, it's the same with a pretty but useless rounded display and more expensive.; No, it's the same with a pretty but useless rounded display and more expensive.
iphone 6 good; iphone 6 good
Do You all iPhone 6 Users have a Poor Battery life?; Do You all iPhone 6 Users have a Poor Battery life?
Rekha, 28 Dec 2016Plz sugst me that iphone 6 is good or not.its quite good, but the battery life is too poor.; its quite good, but the battery life is too poor.
Martinela, 24 Dec 2016Samsung galaxy s6 edge 32 GB or iPhone 6 128Gb? Please help me.iphone 6; iphone 6
Anonymous, 25 Dec 2016iPhone 6 has storage and speed. S6 has camera, display and battery life. Choose which of these... morethe edge is way better trust me; the edge is way better trust me
Plz sugst me that iphone 6 is good or not.; Plz sugst me that iphone 6 is good or not.
Martinela, 24 Dec 2016Samsung galaxy s6 edge 32 GB or iPhone 6 128Gb? Please help me.If your fun of downloading more apps go for android phones but if u like popularity go for an iphone for me this phones are great! They under go QC so its ur choice...good luck.; If your fun of downloading more apps go for android phones but if u like popularity go for an iphone for me this phones are great! They under go QC so its ur choice...good luck.
Martinela, 24 Dec 2016Samsung galaxy s6 edge 32 GB or iPhone 6 128Gb? Please help me.iPhone 6 has storage and speed. S6 has camera, display and battery life. Choose which of these things are more important for you.
 
 
 Personally, I would take iPhone 6 although I think S6 is more beautiful (but this isn't an argument because it is personal preference); iPhone 6 has storage and speed. S6 has camera, display and battery life. Choose which of these things are more important for you.; Personally, I would take iPhone 6 although I think S6 is more beautiful (but this isn't an argument because it is personal preference)
Samsung galaxy s6 edge 32 GB or iPhone 6 128Gb? 
 Please help me.; Samsung galaxy s6 edge 32 GB or iPhone 6 128Gb?; Please help me.
Vlatko, 21 Dec 2016Guys, iphone 6 or samsung s6? Iphone 6 is 1GB ram. There is problem about this?Samsung S6 and iPhone 6 have their specific advantages and disadvantages like any other phone, it depends which of them suits you better. I had both of them, and what can I say is that the iPhone is slightly better than the Samsung, from my POV. Battery life, OS stability, and especially the fact that the phone does not deprecate after only 1 and a half year of usage, still receiving OS updates are the iPhone strengths.
 Samsung S6 instead has the better display, the better camera, and of course the freedom to customize the device, just like any other Android phone.
 Now, the negative parts. The 4.7" display, the lightning port, and the restrictions imposed by Apple on iOS may be frustrating some times, not being able to customize your device, or use just specific cable types, not universal USB or micro USB. For the Samsung, don't expect system updates to long from now on, the S6 will receive 7.x updates, but i don't know if Samsung will continue to keep this device alive too much time. Also, there is a chance that the fingerprint sensor will fail at some point, so keep this in mind if you're gonna buy it. And at last, the bloatware which comes already installed on the S6 can give you headaches, with ~2 GB of RAM out of 3 being used even from the start, with no other app being installed.
 So, the choice is yours. Good luck :); Samsung S6 and iPhone 6 have their specific advantages and disadvantages like any other phone, it depends which of them suits you better. I had both of them, and what can I say is that the iPhone is slightly better than the Samsung, from my POV. Battery life, OS stability, and especially the fact that the phone does not deprecate after only 1 and a half year of usage, still receiving OS updates are the iPhone strengths.; Samsung S6 instead has the better display, the better camera, and of course the freedom to customize the device, just like any other Android phone.; Now, the negative parts. The 4.7" display, the lightning port, and the restrictions imposed by Apple on iOS may be frustrating some times, not being able to customize your device, or use just specific cable types, not universal USB or micro USB. For the Samsung, don't expect system updates to long from now on, the S6 will receive 7.x updates, but i don't know if Samsung will continue to keep this device alive too much time. Also, there is a chance that the fingerprint sensor will fail at some point, so keep this in mind if you're gonna buy it. And at last, the bloatware which comes already installed on the S6 can give you headaches, with ~2 GB of RAM out of 3 being used even from the start, with no other app being installed.; So, the choice is yours. Good luck :)
No doubt Iphone 6 is a best choice.; No doubt Iphone 6 is a best choice.
Vlatko, 21 Dec 2016Guys, iphone 6 or samsung s6? Iphone 6 is 1GB ram. There is problem about this?I think iPhone 6 will have even better RAM management than S6. Don't think the iPhone 6 is bad, it is indeed faster than S6. But in general, the S6 is better because of greater display (not resolution but technology which is OLED and the benefits coming from that) and camera (Megapixels don't matter, things like software, aperture, sensor size are important) and also battery life which has been traditionally just average on iPhones because they are so thin. But in terms of software, it is sure the iPhone 6 will have more future updates, although it is an older phone than S6. So if these points (OS updates, speed) count most to you, you can buy the iPhone 6. But if everything matters same, the S6 will be just a little bit better phone. And also remember, if you have any other Apple device (Mac, Apple Watch, iPad, AirPods, Apple TV, iPod...) it will work seamlessly with it so in this case, I would also prefer the iPhone; I think iPhone 6 will have even better RAM management than S6. Don't think the iPhone 6 is bad, it is indeed faster than S6. But in general, the S6 is better because of greater display (not resolution but technology which is OLED and the benefits coming from that) and camera (Megapixels don't matter, things like software, aperture, sensor size are important) and also battery life which has been traditionally just average on iPhones because they are so thin. But in terms of software, it is sure the iPhone 6 will have more future updates, although it is an older phone than S6. So if these points (OS updates, speed) count most to you, you can buy the iPhone 6. But if everything matters same, the S6 will be just a little bit better phone. And also remember, if you have any other Apple device (Mac, Apple Watch, iPad, AirPods, Apple TV, iPod...) it will work seamlessly with it so in this case, I would also prefer the iPhone
Arjun, 22 Dec 2016I have been using iphone 6 for an year now and it has one of the worst battry life ever on a p... moreJust wait for the 10.2.1 update to fix the problem, no reason to over react; Just wait for the 10.2.1 update to fix the problem, no reason to over react
Nick, 20 Dec 2016Guys, How's the performance with ios 10.2. Please let me know the battery back up details an... moreI have been using iphone 6 for an year now and it has one of the worst battry life ever on a phone.
 I had a nexus and it was better than this.
 Plus it does this thing where it dies even with ample of juice left in it. which is so random and annoying.
 I would suggest look at better and cheaper android options .; I have been using iphone 6 for an year now and it has one of the worst battry life ever on a phone.; I had a nexus and it was better than this.; Plus it does this thing where it dies even with ample of juice left in it. which is so random and annoying.; I would suggest look at better and cheaper android options .
Guys, iphone 6 or samsung s6? Iphone 6 is 1GB ram. There is problem about this?; Guys, iphone 6 or samsung s6? Iphone 6 is 1GB ram. There is problem about this?
Anonymous, 18 Dec 2016Depends on what you want. The 6 is smaller and from what I've noticed the call quality is bett... moreSpoken like a wise man... Can I have your opinion about the iPhone 6 and ^s which would u get??; Spoken like a wise man... Can I have your opinion about the iPhone 6 and ^s which would u get??
Guys,
 How's the performance with ios 10.2.
 Please let me know the battery back up details and is it worth updating to this version.
 What are the major changes/upgrades in this version ?; Guys,; How's the performance with ios 10.2.; Please let me know the battery back up details and is it worth updating to this version.; What are the major changes/upgrades in this version ?
Anonymous, 18 Dec 2016Depends on what you want. The 6 is smaller and from what I've noticed the call quality is bett... morethanks bro for your opinion..; thanks bro for your opinion..
Pls guys asking if there is new wallpapers to new iOS 10.2 ? What's the feedback for the latest update please thank you guys; Pls guys asking if there is new wallpapers to new iOS 10.2 ? What's the feedback for the latest update please thank you guys
kingzzz, 16 Dec 2016hey should i get iphone6 or the 6 plus?anyone can give some opinion?Get the 6s my God.; Get the 6s my God.
anyoneler, 16 Dec 2016can someone give an opinion..should i get iphone6 or the 6 plus?because both phone are more ch... moreDepends on what you want. The 6 is smaller and from what I've noticed the call quality is better and it's easier to hold on to. I personally went with the iPhone 6 Plus (refurbished from AT&T) for the larger screen and the battery life but the ear piece is really hard to hear people during calls. It can be a little slippery so a case or a wrap on it for sure. So, 6 if you are down more for calls, 6 plus for the larger screen (great for media consumption) and battery life. IMO 
 P.S. Good call on going with the later model. You'll definitely save money and the phone is just as good.; Depends on what you want. The 6 is smaller and from what I've noticed the call quality is better and it's easier to hold on to. I personally went with the iPhone 6 Plus (refurbished from AT&T) for the larger screen and the battery life but the ear piece is really hard to hear people during calls. It can be a little slippery so a case or a wrap on it for sure. So, 6 if you are down more for calls, 6 plus for the larger screen (great for media consumption) and battery life. IMO; P.S. Good call on going with the later model. You'll definitely save money and the phone is just as good.
Always 2 years old iphones get massive price drops for used ones on eBay because of contracts. And now it's time for iPhone 6 to carry on iPhone 5s reign as good value for money iPhone.; Always 2 years old iphones get massive price drops for used ones on eBay because of contracts. And now it's time for iPhone 6 to carry on iPhone 5s reign as good value for money iPhone.
kingzzz, 16 Dec 2016hey should i get iphone6 or the 6 plus?anyone can give some opinion?Hello. It depends on you liking. If the bigger phone size is not a problem, i'd say go for the 6 plus. It has bigger screen (with a higher resolution), bigger battery and OIS (Optical image stabilization), which the 6 doesn't have.; Hello. It depends on you liking. If the bigger phone size is not a problem, i'd say go for the 6 plus. It has bigger screen (with a higher resolution), bigger battery and OIS (Optical image stabilization), which the 6 doesn't have.
Anonymous, 16 Dec 2016They are almost the same. Go to the store and compare which size suits you betterI hear a lot about the touch disease..is it a big problem?need some opinion; I hear a lot about the touch disease..is it a big problem?need some opinion
kingzzz, 16 Dec 2016hey should i get iphone6 or the 6 plus?anyone can give some opinion?They are almost the same. Go to the store and compare which size suits you better; They are almost the same. Go to the store and compare which size suits you better
'tis fast but i haz sseen faster; 'tis fast but i haz sseen faster
hey should i get iphone6 or the 6 plus?anyone can give some opinion?; hey should i get iphone6 or the 6 plus?anyone can give some opinion?
can someone give an opinion..should i get iphone6 or the 6 plus?because both phone are more cheaper since the new iphone has been realeased..; can someone give an opinion..should i get iphone6 or the 6 plus?because both phone are more cheaper since the new iphone has been realeased..
can someone give an opinion..should i get iphone6 or the 6 plus?because both phone are more cheaper since the new iphone has been realeased..; can someone give an opinion..should i get iphone6 or the 6 plus?because both phone are more cheaper since the new iphone has been realeased..
Anonymous, 09 Dec 2016Planning to buy this phone but does it really bend in your pocket?no, 6 plus maybe but regular 6 not; no, 6 plus maybe but regular 6 not
noice; noice
Does iPhone used chip; Does iPhone used chip
Jasko, 25 Sep 2016Totally agree with you, I was on iOS 10 and it runs very good and stable but when I leave it w... moreSame problem.... but can i upgrade my i6 (10.0 into 9iOS version)again pz suggest me wht i do????; Same problem.... but can i upgrade my i6 (10.0 into 9iOS version)again pz suggest me wht i do????
Very nice and very good looking phone; Very nice and very good looking phone
Nandan.gvdn, 17 Nov 2016Which is better se or 6? SE; SE
anyone know about LL set condition ? how it works ? how long it can be use (long term or short term ?); anyone know about LL set condition ? how it works ? how long it can be use (long term or short term ?)
Anonymous, 10 Dec 2016only 15 maximumI've got 32 and still 3gb left; I've got 32 and still 3gb left
Nikhil Koshti, 08 Dec 2016How Many app install in 16 gb of iphone 6only 15 maximum; only 15 maximum
Planning to buy this phone but does it really bend in your pocket?; Planning to buy this phone but does it really bend in your pocket?
How Many app install in 16 gb of iphone 6; How Many app install in 16 gb of iphone 6
this iPhone is the best iPhone eveeeeeer. but I am still waiting for iPhone 8; this iPhone is the best iPhone eveeeeeer. but I am still waiting for iPhone 8
I am fully satisfied with my iphone6.; I am fully satisfied with my iphone6.
Best phone ever. I have iPhone 6 64gb space grey and iPhone 6s 64 gb space grey for one year. Till now zero maintenance cost.; Best phone ever. I have iPhone 6 64gb space grey and iPhone 6s 64 gb space grey for one year. Till now zero maintenance cost.
Terrible phone- never held charge and after 16 months it just grey screened. Nothing Apple will do about it.; Terrible phone- never held charge and after 16 months it just grey screened. Nothing Apple will do about it.
7afez, 20 Nov 2016my mobile shuts down due to low charge every 1 hour, i have a very bad experience with it, i w... moreme to same problem. Phone never fell down or water into it. However few days back it felt so hot and touch id not working . then I found after that incident batter drain off very fast. Seems to warranty extension is mandatory for iPhone...; me to same problem. Phone never fell down or water into it. However few days back it felt so hot and touch id not working . then I found after that incident batter drain off very fast. Seems to warranty extension is mandatory for iPhone...
Still very very good phone; Still very very good phone
Andy, 02 Dec 2016It is just me or it is a fact that the camera of iPhone 6 is not better than the iPhone 5? The... moreThe camera of my iPhone 6 is crystal clear. You can try to adjust the brightness of your screen to get a better or best result in both camera and video.; The camera of my iPhone 6 is crystal clear. You can try to adjust the brightness of your screen to get a better or best result in both camera and video.
It is just me or it is a fact that the camera of iPhone 6 is not better than the iPhone 5? The camera of iPhone 6 seems like desaturate. Low contrast. Anyone has the same problem with me?; It is just me or it is a fact that the camera of iPhone 6 is not better than the iPhone 5? The camera of iPhone 6 seems like desaturate. Low contrast. Anyone has the same problem with me?
In photos 
 The memories doesn't work. Its stop and never back to previous page. What can i do???; In photos; The memories doesn't work. Its stop and never back to previous page. What can i do???
Can someone have a sample pic of front cam (selfie cam) cuz mine kinda cloudy; Can someone have a sample pic of front cam (selfie cam) cuz mine kinda cloudy
Asking to connect Itones? Whot next?; Asking to connect Itones? Whot next?
please suggest i phone 6 16 gb can be purchased now or not?; please suggest i phone 6 16 gb can be purchased now or not?
Whta Phone ummmm; Whta Phone ummmm
7afez, 20 Nov 2016my mobile shuts down due to low charge every 1 hour, i have a very bad experience with it, i w... morelol; lol
Apple reseller staff, 19 Nov 2016U still can use it if it not lock at the passcode but you cannot down load anything in AppStoreSo it really is no use to me is what you are saying Cuz?; So it really is no use to me is what you are saying Cuz?
my mobile shuts down due to low charge every 1 hour, i have a very bad experience with it, i will never buy I phone again.; my mobile shuts down due to low charge every 1 hour, i have a very bad experience with it, i will never buy I phone again.
Nandan.gvdn, 17 Nov 2016Which is better se or 6? Se; Se
Anonymous, 18 Nov 2016My iphone 6 shuts down with 40 % battery power. Anyone with an idea on how to resolve this issue?replace ur battery; replace ur battery
Anonymous, 17 Nov 2016Thanks. But what if I didn't back it up? Like what if it's not mine and I picked it up? Will I... moreU still can use it if it not lock at the passcode but you cannot down load anything in AppStore; U still can use it if it not lock at the passcode but you cannot down load anything in AppStore
Carbon-FX, 17 Nov 2016Okay Anonymous seems like you don't know what to do, so heres a pretty detailed explanation. F... moremy iphone ask to connect to iphone for restore but i tried doing that and its not going when it get to half way it shows error 6; my iphone ask to connect to iphone for restore but i tried doing that and its not going when it get to half way it shows error 6
Carbon-FX, 17 Nov 2016Okay Anonymous seems like you don't know what to do, so heres a pretty detailed explanation. F... moremy iphone ask to connect to iphone for restore but i tried doing that and its not going when it get to half way it shows error 6; my iphone ask to connect to iphone for restore but i tried doing that and its not going when it get to half way it shows error 6
My iphone 6 shuts down with 40 % battery power. Anyone with an idea on how to resolve this issue?; My iphone 6 shuts down with 40 % battery power. Anyone with an idea on how to resolve this issue?
Anonymous, 14 Nov 2016And some more: you could clean safari because maybe it has too many data and cache and cookies... moreI tried your suggestions and still not fluid in fact I wiped the device and reinstalled. I am on 10.1.1 ,it is not bad but nowhere near as fast as 4s was back in the days. It does judder/stutter now and again also scrolling through podcasts, youtube lists even tweetbot cane stuttery. Maybe it is something I installed but basically over the years never really installed anything new,Nevermind.; I tried your suggestions and still not fluid in fact I wiped the device and reinstalled. I am on 10.1.1 ,it is not bad but nowhere near as fast as 4s was back in the days. It does judder/stutter now and again also scrolling through podcasts, youtube lists even tweetbot cane stuttery. Maybe it is something I installed but basically over the years never really installed anything new,Nevermind.
Which is better se or 6?; Which is better se or 6?
hai guys can u plz help my iphone 6 have wifi problem wifi that seens that dryout i cannot use wifi and also xender for sharing datas plz help me can u suggest any remedys can i recovered that????????; hai guys can u plz help my iphone 6 have wifi problem wifi that seens that dryout i cannot use wifi and also xender for sharing datas plz help me can u suggest any remedys can i recovered that????????
Carbon-FX, 17 Nov 2016Okay Anonymous seems like you don't know what to do, so heres a pretty detailed explanation. F... moreThanks. But what if I didn't back it up? Like what if it's not mine and I picked it up? Will I be able to use it? Please?; Thanks. But what if I didn't back it up? Like what if it's not mine and I picked it up? Will I be able to use it? Please?
Okay Anonymous seems like you don't know what to do, so heres a pretty detailed explanation. First, connect your iphone to a computer that has itunes installed (its free) and open itunes. Then power the phone off. After its completely off, do this:
 
 -Hold power for 3 seconds
 -WITHOUT RELEASING POWER press and hold the home button for 15 seconds
 -Release power but keep holding the home button
 
 It might take a few tries, but you should see a screen that shows to connect to itunes. itunes will then say that there is a problem with your phone and it needs to be restored. Hopefully you backed up your data, because you must completely reset your iphone for it to work again. Click "Restore" and just wait until your iphone is done restoring. Hopefully it should be good to go, just set the phone up again.
 
 REMEMBER it will take some time to do this (Maybe 45 min?) but if you do it correctly, you can fix your problem. You can also research guides like "How to fix locked out iphone" if you can't figure it out from my instructions. 
 
 Heres a link for a better explanation if you didnt understand: https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT204306 
 
 Note: "Recovery Mode" or DFU Mode is the instructions I directed above. It will take a few tries if you do it wrong the first time. Just remember to turn off the phone before trying again.; Okay Anonymous seems like you don't know what to do, so heres a pretty detailed explanation. First, connect your iphone to a computer that has itunes installed (its free) and open itunes. Then power the phone off. After its completely off, do this:; -Hold power for 3 seconds; -WITHOUT RELEASING POWER press and hold the home button for 15 seconds; -Release power but keep holding the home button; It might take a few tries, but you should see a screen that shows to connect to itunes. itunes will then say that there is a problem with your phone and it needs to be restored. Hopefully you backed up your data, because you must completely reset your iphone for it to work again. Click "Restore" and just wait until your iphone is done restoring. Hopefully it should be good to go, just set the phone up again.; REMEMBER it will take some time to do this (Maybe 45 min?) but if you do it correctly, you can fix your problem. You can also research guides like "How to fix locked out iphone" if you can't figure it out from my instructions.; Heres a link for a better explanation if you didnt understand:; Note: "Recovery Mode" or DFU Mode is the instructions I directed above. It will take a few tries if you do it wrong the first time. Just remember to turn off the phone before trying again.
Mine can update past iOS 10.1, its at 10.1.1 and is not the S version; Mine can update past iOS 10.1, its at 10.1.1 and is not the S version
Guys what does it mean when iPhone 6 says "iPhone is disabled connect to iTunes" can it be fixed?; Guys what does it mean when iPhone 6 says "iPhone is disabled connect to iTunes" can it be fixed?
Well I do not like iphone 7 so either stick with this or go for 6s which seems pointless. Looks like end of iphone for me.; Well I do not like iphone 7 so either stick with this or go for 6s which seems pointless. Looks like end of iphone for me.
tiff, 12 Nov 2016I think apple is not apple anymore,my first was iPhone 4s 32gig and it was smooth and loved ic... moreAnd some more: you could clean safari because maybe it has too many data and cache and cookies (settings > safari > delete cache and website data); And some more: you could clean safari because maybe it has too many data and cache and cookies (settings > safari > delete cache and website data)
tiff, 12 Nov 2016I think apple is not apple anymore,my first was iPhone 4s 32gig and it was smooth and loved ic... moreWhat version do you use? The home button lag is maybe due to having a triple-home-button shortcut (settings > general > accessibility > scroll down to shortcut and disable all, then try if it is still present). You could also completely reset your settings (general > reset > reset all settings) and clean RAM (hold power button and wait for power down button to appear, then hold home button) and do a force reboot (hold home and power button until apple logo appears again). Hope this helps to fix your issues; What version do you use? The home button lag is maybe due to having a triple-home-button shortcut (settings > general > accessibility > scroll down to shortcut and disable all, then try if it is still present). You could also completely reset your settings (general > reset > reset all settings) and clean RAM (hold power button and wait for power down button to appear, then hold home button) and do a force reboot (hold home and power button until apple logo appears again). Hope this helps to fix your issues
I think apple is not apple anymore,my first was iPhone 4s 32gig and it was smooth and loved icons, I now have 6 64gig and it is nowhere near as smooth. Safari can stick, if i go 3 pages along and press home button it judders a bit going to home screen 4s was smooth as silk. It has temperamental screen touches and just as complicated as android to use. I downloaded a pdf type manual and it did open but where is it on phone? on android symbian or bb it is in folder. Audio used to be really sonic on 4s but 6 is lacklustre.
 
 I cannot fully explain it but it just does not feel or look or operate like iPhone used to be.; I think apple is not apple anymore,my first was iPhone 4s 32gig and it was smooth and loved icons, I now have 6 64gig and it is nowhere near as smooth. Safari can stick, if i go 3 pages along and press home button it judders a bit going to home screen 4s was smooth as silk. It has temperamental screen touches and just as complicated as android to use. I downloaded a pdf type manual and it did open but where is it on phone? on android symbian or bb it is in folder. Audio used to be really sonic on 4s but 6 is lacklustre.; I cannot fully explain it but it just does not feel or look or operate like iPhone used to be.
Ann, 12 Nov 2016I bought my phone over a year ago so it's no longer covered by warranty. Unfortunately, it ke... moreDont worry just hard reset your phone by holding both the power and home button at the same time,it will refresh your phone and wont erase any data.; Dont worry just hard reset your phone by holding both the power and home button at the same time,it will refresh your phone and wont erase any data.
I bought my phone over a year ago so it's no longer covered by warranty. Unfortunately, it keeps on crashing after I downloaded the iOS 9, later it has lost its sound/alert and speaker. Brought it to an authorized Service Provider and was advised for replacement and was quoted the cost of new iPhone since it cannot be repaired . They didn't consider to replace my unit.
 My phone doesn't have any physical damage nor modified, it just sucks. I have paid for the BRAND but not for the handset. The lifetime usage of iPhone 6 is just a year.; I bought my phone over a year ago so it's no longer covered by warranty. Unfortunately, it keeps on crashing after I downloaded the iOS 9, later it has lost its sound/alert and speaker. Brought it to an authorized Service Provider and was advised for replacement and was quoted the cost of new iPhone since it cannot be repaired . They didn't consider to replace my unit.; My phone doesn't have any physical damage nor modified, it just sucks. I have paid for the BRAND but not for the handset. The lifetime usage of iPhone 6 is just a year.
gael, 09 Nov 2016so which is better 6 or se? Iphone SE is better because the 6 was launched in 2014 and the SE was launched this year. The SE has the live photos thing and the 6 doesn't.; Iphone SE is better because the 6 was launched in 2014 and the SE was launched this year. The SE has the live photos thing and the 6 doesn't.
dnash20, 14 Oct 2016guys i want to help all those who are thinking to buy apple phones as a new owner also and peo... moreso which is better 6 or se?; so which is better 6 or se?
1958 Gibson, 08 Nov 2016After switching from a 4s to the 6 - I find that the 6 is undependable- { after 2 months } My ... moreHello,
 
 Can i ask wich iOS version you have installed on the 4s and wich one on the 6?
 
 Because for example sometimes not being able to swipe to answer a call is something i also have on my 4s so it might be more related to the iOS version then to the phone itself.
 
 I have to say since i went from iOS 8 to 9.3.5 i think it hasnt happened anymore.
 (though it might still happpen since i updated not long ago); Hello,; Can i ask wich iOS version you have installed on the 4s and wich one on the 6?; Because for example sometimes not being able to swipe to answer a call is something i also have on my 4s so it might be more related to the iOS version then to the phone itself.; I have to say since i went from iOS 8 to 9.3.5 i think it hasnt happened anymore.; (though it might still happpen since i updated not long ago)
After switching from a 4s to the 6 - I find that the 6 is undependable- { after 2 months } My 4s always worked as it should. On the 6 sometimes it won't let me swipe to answer a call- I have to call back. The timer almost never works- Serie almost never works- The screen blinks off and on at times- My wife talked me into this NEW 6 phone-- I'm glad I kept my 4s - I'm currently charging it now and will switch back to my 4s- It always worked. I Phone 6 is way over rated.; After switching from a 4s to the 6 - I find that the 6 is undependable- { after 2 months } My 4s always worked as it should. On the 6 sometimes it won't let me swipe to answer a call- I have to call back. The timer almost never works- Serie almost never works- The screen blinks off and on at times- My wife talked me into this NEW 6 phone-- I'm glad I kept my 4s - I'm currently charging it now and will switch back to my 4s- It always worked. I Phone 6 is way over rated.
can I increase the storage memory on my iPhone 6?; can I increase the storage memory on my iPhone 6?
Anees7, 26 Oct 2016Does iphone 6 support VoLTE on Reliance's Jio sim in India?Yes it is; Yes it is
Ssugu, 26 Oct 2016I also have the same question. Which one I should go for? Regards, Sushant6s; 6s
Derin, 28 Oct 2016Note 4IPhone 6 or se; IPhone 6 or se
Jamboo, 28 Oct 2016Which iPhone shoud be take 6 or 6s6s; 6s
Anonymous, 06 Nov 2016tubifyU cant download anything; U cant download anything
Sandy, 26 Oct 2016Hi All, I am new to IOS, please can you let me know best video player. And also how to dow... moretubify; tubify
My new i6 is not fast nd smooth as my brother i6..
 Brother buy i6 2yr ago. But mine is nw. But not smooth as my brother i6, Someone help me??&#128557;; My new i6 is not fast nd smooth as my brother i6..; Brother buy i6 2yr ago. But mine is nw. But not smooth as my brother i6, Someone help me??&#128557;
Hateful. Ir is so delicadeza, software doesn't work properly, warranty is useless. Service at the store simple doesn't exists.; Hateful. Ir is so delicadeza, software doesn't work properly, warranty is useless. Service at the store simple doesn't exists.
Most hopeless n owned by useless company.My i6 had problem during warranty period,went to their service station n guy said that phone was duplicate.I showed them the bill as was purchased online thereafter on lodging complaint in head office they just called after 3 days repeating the process of complaining since day one but no service provided....Guys don't waste money on this useless device its useless.Company gives fake warranty; Most hopeless n owned by useless company.My i6 had problem during warranty period,went to their service station n guy said that phone was duplicate.I showed them the bill as was purchased online thereafter on lodging complaint in head office they just called after 3 days repeating the process of complaining since day one but no service provided....Guys don't waste money on this useless device its useless.Company gives fake warranty
Sandy, 26 Oct 2016Hi All, I am new to IOS, please can you let me know best video player. And also how to dow... moretubify; tubify
My first iphone is 6 
 Its simpley AweSome; My first iphone is 6; Its simpley AweSome
This is the most hateful phone I've ever owned. There are no pathways between applications, and the phone comes without a user's manual. Most of the applications are of no relevance to me. I don't need a phone that feeds the dog, waxes the driveway, or opens the garage door. 
 When I was trading up my former phone, I was told by the chirping sales person that her 75 year-old grandmother loves it. Every Senior I've spoken to is just as bewildered as I am. AT&T has resorted to the Swiss army knife marketing approach. Include a myriad of gadgets to make the tool seem important, but don't expect many of them to be purposeful.; This is the most hateful phone I've ever owned. There are no pathways between applications, and the phone comes without a user's manual. Most of the applications are of no relevance to me. I don't need a phone that feeds the dog, waxes the driveway, or opens the garage door.; When I was trading up my former phone, I was told by the chirping sales person that her 75 year-old grandmother loves it. Every Senior I've spoken to is just as bewildered as I am. AT&T has resorted to the Swiss army knife marketing approach. Include a myriad of gadgets to make the tool seem important, but don't expect many of them to be purposeful.
I am iPhone user
 Plz tell me which app Lock is best 
 For iPhone 6; I am iPhone user; Plz tell me which app Lock is best; For iPhone 6
Anees7, 26 Oct 2016Does iphone 6 support VoLTE on Reliance's Jio sim in India?yes,i am using it; yes,i am using it
you can buy iphone se better then iphone 6 , otherwise u can buy se, 6s, 6s plus is better then 6; you can buy iphone se better then iphone 6 , otherwise u can buy se, 6s, 6s plus is better then 6
Ssugu, 26 Oct 2016I also have the same question. Which one I should go for? Regards, SushantWhich iPhone shoud be take 6 or 6s; Which iPhone shoud be take 6 or 6s
Derin, 28 Oct 2016Data yes voice volte HD not sure but you can callCan i call with iPhone 6 with voltie ??; Can i call with iPhone 6 with voltie ??
dan, 26 Oct 2016iphone 6 or glaxy s6 or iphone SE or galaxy note 4?Note 4; Note 4
aziz, 26 Oct 2016yezzzzData yes voice volte HD not sure but you can call; Data yes voice volte HD not sure but you can call
Ssugu, 26 Oct 2016I also have the same question. Which one I should go for? Regards, SushantGo for 7 not that much $ difference; Go for 7 not that much $ difference
Not worth for investing outdated iphone 6.1gb realy not enough for todays lifestyle. Go for 7 model atleast you can keep next 2 year.ios 10 yes simple and best but need to used.if network was not good then performance ittle dip. Brand value good.; Not worth for investing outdated iphone 6.1gb realy not enough for todays lifestyle. Go for 7 model atleast you can keep next 2 year.ios 10 yes simple and best but need to used.if network was not good then performance ittle dip. Brand value good.
dan, 26 Oct 2016iphone 6 or glaxy s6 or iphone SE or galaxy note 4?iPhone 6 everytime :); iPhone 6 everytime :)
iphone is the best; iphone is the best
fz, 08 Oct 2016Iphone 6 or Iphone 6s? Really need your opinions rn I also have the same question. Which one I should go for?
 
 Regards,
 Sushant; I also have the same question. Which one I should go for?; Regards,; Sushant
aziz, 26 Oct 2016yezzzzThanks bro.....; Thanks bro.....
Hi All,
 
 I am new to IOS, please can you let me know best video player.
 And also how to download videos directly from youTube.
 
 Urs,
 San; Hi All,; I am new to IOS, please can you let me know best video player.; And also how to download videos directly from youTube.; Urs,; San
Anees7, 26 Oct 2016Does iphone 6 support VoLTE on Reliance's Jio sim in India?yezzzz; yezzzz
iphone 6 or glaxy s6 or iphone SE or galaxy note 4?; iphone 6 or glaxy s6 or iphone SE or galaxy note 4?
Nitin, 24 Oct 2016heyy...guys i am planning to buy my first iphone & my choice is b/w iphone 6 and iphone se... morei phone 6 is best; i phone 6 is best
Does iphone 6 support VoLTE on Reliance's Jio sim in India?; Does iphone 6 support VoLTE on Reliance's Jio sim in India?
Nitin, 24 Oct 2016heyy...guys i am planning to buy my first iphone & my choice is b/w iphone 6 and iphone se... morehey dude, let see first. which want to you would it be? a compact phone or prefer for a big screen ?; hey dude, let see first. which want to you would it be? a compact phone or prefer for a big screen ?
Nitin, 24 Oct 2016heyy...guys i am planning to buy my first iphone & my choice is b/w iphone 6 and iphone se... moreI 6; I 6
Nitin, 24 Oct 2016heyy...guys i am planning to buy my first iphone & my choice is b/w iphone 6 and iphone se... moreIphone 7 Plus, give you all the attention that you wanted all these time and of course a superb battery life and performance.; Iphone 7 Plus, give you all the attention that you wanted all these time and of course a superb battery life and performance.
heyy...guys i am planning to buy my first iphone & my choice is b/w iphone 6 and iphone se. I am little confuse, please suggest me. Don't you think iphone se is to small. Which is better to buy??; heyy...guys i am planning to buy my first iphone & my choice is b/w iphone 6 and iphone se. I am little confuse, please suggest me. Don't you think iphone se is to small. Which is better to buy??
rohith reddy, 24 Oct 2016Im confused to buy iphone 5s new or iphone 6 used phone ..... Can u plz hepl me for thisalways go for brand new, if you wanna go for used one go for iPhone 6s; always go for brand new, if you wanna go for used one go for iPhone 6s
rohith reddy, 24 Oct 2016Im confused to buy iphone 5s new or iphone 6 used phone ..... Can u plz hepl me for thisIphone 5s is much better; Iphone 5s is much better
Im confused to buy iphone 5s new or iphone 6 used phone ..... Can u plz hepl me for this; Im confused to buy iphone 5s new or iphone 6 used phone ..... Can u plz hepl me for this
Vivek , 22 Oct 2016As iphone has only 1.5 or 2G ram , then doesn't it hangs like other phone in same configuratio... moremy brother suggest me to buy iphone but i am regular user of android what should i do? samsung galaxy s4 is better or iphone 6 which u perfer and y?? thanku; my brother suggest me to buy iphone but i am regular user of android what should i do? samsung galaxy s4 is better or iphone 6 which u perfer and y?? thanku
dnash20, 14 Oct 2016guys i want to help all those who are thinking to buy apple phones as a new owner also and peo... moreI dont know can lock my iphone with password or pin lock .plz tell me; I dont know can lock my iphone with password or pin lock .plz tell me
dnash20, 14 Oct 2016guys i want to help all those who are thinking to buy apple phones as a new owner also and peo... moreAs iphone has only 1.5 or 2G ram , then doesn't it hangs like other phone in same configuration........i m thinking to buy it, but hesistating just because of above cited problem.; As iphone has only 1.5 or 2G ram , then doesn't it hangs like other phone in same configuration........i m thinking to buy it, but hesistating just because of above cited problem.
Neha , 21 Oct 2016Its useless spending money on apple poor services ....my daughter's phone had problem which wa... moreApple has some of the best service in the world, you were dealing with 3rd party companies. Blame them, not Apple. That is like getting off milk at the store, but instead of blaming the store for not keeping track of their stock and supplying customers with fresh stock, you are blamimg the milk company for somethimg that is not their fault.; Apple has some of the best service in the world, you were dealing with 3rd party companies. Blame them, not Apple. That is like getting off milk at the store, but instead of blaming the store for not keeping track of their stock and supplying customers with fresh stock, you are blamimg the milk company for somethimg that is not their fault.
V delicate mobile, twice my screen broke, but apple do not repair screen if broken.
 they replace mobile by taking half of the apple mobiles current market price.
 so if screen breaks you will land up paying heavy amounts.
 after sale service is not satisfactory, for hours have to wait in line .
 I use my mobile v carefully but still , now my mobile it not taking charging , some problem is there now and then.; V delicate mobile, twice my screen broke, but apple do not repair screen if broken.; they replace mobile by taking half of the apple mobiles current market price.; so if screen breaks you will land up paying heavy amounts.; after sale service is not satisfactory, for hours have to wait in line .; I use my mobile v carefully but still , now my mobile it not taking charging , some problem is there now and then.
Its useless spending money on apple poor services ....my daughter's phone had problem which was taken to apple service station inJalandhar.They escalated n said was having wrong n duplicate screen.we filed complaint on 5th Oct,16 n they responded on 21Oct.,16 very hopeless service then they say snapdeal is not authorised for selling their products still openly its happening.Poor poor n very poor service ....they fool customers....very disappointed...one feels as if they are listening to complaints whereas they waste customer's time ...useless company; Its useless spending money on apple poor services ....my daughter's phone had problem which was taken to apple service station inJalandhar.They escalated n said was having wrong n duplicate screen.we filed complaint on 5th Oct,16 n they responded on 21Oct.,16 very hopeless service then they say snapdeal is not authorised for selling their products still openly its happening.Poor poor n very poor service ....they fool customers....very disappointed...one feels as if they are listening to complaints whereas they waste customer's time ...useless company
im having problems with the phone's touchscreen functionality. it keeps tapping randomly.; im having problems with the phone's touchscreen functionality. it keeps tapping randomly.
Zebedee, 16 Oct 2016Compared the specs of this to a Oneplus One and holy fook it's an underpowered, overpriced P.O.S.Nope, A8 is superior to SD 801 which is A7 level. Camera is better. Longer software updates. And more.; Nope, A8 is superior to SD 801 which is A7 level. Camera is better. Longer software updates. And more.
after update my iphone , its wifi signal drop weak and didnt catch signal. kindly help me; after update my iphone , its wifi signal drop weak and didnt catch signal. kindly help me
dnash20, 17 Oct 2016depends on ur budget i will start from low to high if ur budget is 30 to 40 k the only good o... moregOod tips; gOod tips
dnash20, 14 Oct 2016guys i want to help all those who are thinking to buy apple phones as a new owner also and peo... morei want to get another phone and i want it to be a iphone do you have any suggestions on which phone i should get?; i want to get another phone and i want it to be a iphone do you have any suggestions on which phone i should get?
Compared the specs of this to a Oneplus One and holy fook it's an underpowered, overpriced P.O.S.; Compared the specs of this to a Oneplus One and holy fook it's an underpowered, overpriced P.O.S.
auto call recording function is there ..???????in iphone 6; auto call recording function is there ..???????in iphone 6
Bleh, 14 Oct 2016I need a new iphoneiPhone 5s for lower budget and SE for higher budget, rest is overpriced atm; iPhone 5s for lower budget and SE for higher budget, rest is overpriced atm
Pls sir help the 6s not supported a automatic call recorder app I tried last 4 months but not got the solution pls; Pls sir help the 6s not supported a automatic call recorder app I tried last 4 months but not got the solution pls
Plzz tell me that I have lost my time,battery,sim signals from my iPhone 6 home top how can I get it back; Plzz tell me that I have lost my time,battery,sim signals from my iPhone 6 home top how can I get it back
I need a new iphone; I need a new iphone
dnash20, 12 Oct 2016hi everyone i am a gadget Freak and i like to clear all the doubts for new iphone users and su... moreDies iPhone 6 have a good battery life?; Dies iPhone 6 have a good battery life?
Hey i want to know that can i use a connector that attch my earphone,to lightning connector port? Can i use it and it will work ? Like as Iphone 7 by the way i have Iphone 6 ... plz tell me beacuse i have a issue with my headphone jack...; Hey i want to know that can i use a connector that attch my earphone,to lightning connector port? Can i use it and it will work ? Like as Iphone 7 by the way i have Iphone 6 ... plz tell me beacuse i have a issue with my headphone jack...
Guys, I have this iPhone crap for one month, switched from s6 edge, so now I have problem with wifi, it connects to network, but there is no internet and no wifi icon on to top of the display, tryed to reset network set. nothinh happened. Any sollutions? THANKS; Guys, I have this iPhone crap for one month, switched from s6 edge, so now I have problem with wifi, it connects to network, but there is no internet and no wifi icon on to top of the display, tryed to reset network set. nothinh happened. Any sollutions? THANKS
jyoti, 12 Oct 2016hii i want to buy a new i phone but i have to sent a mobile to india can you tell me which pho... moreiphone 6s 32gb or iphone SE 64gb is best; iphone 6s 32gb or iphone SE 64gb is best
jyoti, 12 Oct 2016hii i want to buy a new i phone but i have to sent a mobile to india can you tell me which pho... moreiPhone 5s and SE are good. iPhone 5 and 5c are outdated but ok. iPhone 6 costs too much for what it does. iPhone 6s is beast but pricey.; iPhone 5s and SE are good. iPhone 5 and 5c are outdated but ok. iPhone 6 costs too much for what it does. iPhone 6s is beast but pricey.
hii i want to buy a new i phone but i have to sent a mobile to india can you tell me which phone is good and low price ......; hii i want to buy a new i phone but i have to sent a mobile to india can you tell me which phone is good and low price ......
Rajesh, 12 Oct 2016I am planning to buy iPhone 6 I am worried about the battery life is it good or else I shoul... moreThey both have better battery life. But LeEco is no comparison to iPhone 6 in quality. OnePlus 3 still has less quality but is better in hardware; They both have better battery life. But LeEco is no comparison to iPhone 6 in quality. OnePlus 3 still has less quality but is better in hardware
dnash20, 12 Oct 2016hi everyone i am a gadget Freak and i like to clear all the doubts for new iphone users and su... moreI am planning to buy iPhone 6 
 I am worried about the battery life is it good or else I should buy one plus 3 or Lee max 2; I am planning to buy iPhone 6; I am worried about the battery life is it good or else I should buy one plus 3 or Lee max 2
is 1gb ram is enough for a normal user in case of iphone 6?; is 1gb ram is enough for a normal user in case of iphone 6?
yes, i agree iphone 6 was and still is a solid device. they just don't have the bells, whistles, and new technology of the newer iphones.; yes, i agree iphone 6 was and still is a solid device. they just don't have the bells, whistles, and new technology of the newer iphones.
Terry, 06 Oct 2016Don't like new update of 10.02 version of home screen. I want to go straight to making a cal... moresettings > general > accessibility > home button > rest finger to open; settings > general > accessibility > home button > rest finger to open
[deleted post]core prime is bad overpriced crap phone. From core prime to iPhone 6 would be a massive upgrade so why do you hate the iPhone 6 then?; core prime is bad overpriced crap phone. From core prime to iPhone 6 would be a massive upgrade so why do you hate the iPhone 6 then?
fz, 08 Oct 2016Iphone 6 or Iphone 6s? Really need your opinions rn Of course 6s if they cost the same. If there is a $ 100 or $ 150 price difference, I would still buy 6s because it's so much better than the normal 6. It's like the jump from iPhone 5 to 5s which was also veeeeery big (from 5s to 6 was not much difference, most notable things were new design and bigger display but rest differences are tiny); Of course 6s if they cost the same. If there is a $ 100 or $ 150 price difference, I would still buy 6s because it's so much better than the normal 6. It's like the jump from iPhone 5 to 5s which was also veeeeery big (from 5s to 6 was not much difference, most notable things were new design and bigger display but rest differences are tiny)
Iphone 6 or Iphone 6s? Really need your opinions rn; Iphone 6 or Iphone 6s? Really need your opinions rn
Ranjit, 04 Oct 2016Exclentits cheaper these days under Rs30k for the 16gb version on on- line sites.; its cheaper these days under Rs30k for the 16gb version on on- line sites.
jhojit1216, 06 Oct 2016i facing low wifi in my phone, any suggestion? thanksJust check your router something could be blocking the signals.; Just check your router something could be blocking the signals.
Don't like new update of 10.02 version of home screen. 
 I want to go straight to making a call not to a favorite screen!!!!; Don't like new update of 10.02 version of home screen.; I want to go straight to making a call not to a favorite screen!!!!
i facing low wifi in my phone, any suggestion? thanks; i facing low wifi in my phone, any suggestion? thanks
why my iphone 6 signal is to weak even mic? any suggestion how to increase the signal and mic? thank you; why my iphone 6 signal is to weak even mic? any suggestion how to increase the signal and mic? thank you
Does the battery life improve after being updated to IOS 10.0.2?; Does the battery life improve after being updated to IOS 10.0.2?
i phone 6 in which support OTG YES ya No; i phone 6 in which support OTG YES ya No
Anonymous, 04 Oct 2016i want to buy iphone 6.my budget is aprrox 40k.phone 6 is gud option or notI think iphone 6s is good for you because yous budzet was 40k; I think iphone 6s is good for you because yous budzet was 40k
Anonymous, 04 Oct 2016i want to buy iphone 6.my budget is aprrox 40k.phone 6 is gud option or notExclent; Exclent
i want to buy iphone 6.my budget is aprrox 40k.phone 6 is gud option or not; i want to buy iphone 6.my budget is aprrox 40k.phone 6 is gud option or not
New os just plain sucks.
 Have been using an IPhone for 10 years. Always loved it and appreciated it's simplicity and intuitive operation.
 The new operating system has turned the control from the user to the device. Steve Jobs was the man. Mr. Cook has to go! 
 I'm going to look into an android device.; New os just plain sucks.; Have been using an IPhone for 10 years. Always loved it and appreciated it's simplicity and intuitive operation.; The new operating system has turned the control from the user to the device. Steve Jobs was the man. Mr. Cook has to go!; I'm going to look into an android device.
Obi worldphone sf1 is low sar valie(low radion or radiation proof)with highg end gaming performance and best quality.; Obi worldphone sf1 is low sar valie(low radion or radiation proof)with highg end gaming performance and best quality.
fzl, 28 Sep 2016I updated iPhone 6 to iOS 10..and some features are note working like. Message effects.raise ... moreRaise to wake up is only available to iphone se,iphone 6s and the iphone 7.; Raise to wake up is only available to iphone se,iphone 6s and the iphone 7.
I updated iPhone 6 to iOS 10..and some features are note working like. Message effects.raise to wake up; I updated iPhone 6 to iOS 10..and some features are note working like. Message effects.raise to wake up
SureshS, 28 Sep 2016iPhone6 is good, no doubt on it. But when you try to connect it to your system, the most worst... moreYou do not see the main point. Comparing apple specs on paper vs most android flagship specs, the android wins, however it is different how they perform in real life and that is when the software optimisation in iOS is shining, but yeah, you buy a phone based on your needs.; You do not see the main point. Comparing apple specs on paper vs most android flagship specs, the android wins, however it is different how they perform in real life and that is when the software optimisation in iOS is shining, but yeah, you buy a phone based on your needs.
iPhone6 is good, no doubt on it. But when you try to connect it to your system, the most worst iTunes software will become activate and we never do any thing from there. Company people claims that it is the worlds best software, we understand that this software may be best for the company people, not for the general public. I hate the people who built this software, the MOST WORST software on the earth. While I made many complaints to the company, they never likes to heard, its not my opinion, I discussed with many iPhone users, almost all said the same thing.; iPhone6 is good, no doubt on it. But when you try to connect it to your system, the most worst iTunes software will become activate and we never do any thing from there. Company people claims that it is the worlds best software, we understand that this software may be best for the company people, not for the general public. I hate the people who built this software, the MOST WORST software on the earth. While I made many complaints to the company, they never likes to heard, its not my opinion, I discussed with many iPhone users, almost all said the same thing.
Oliver, 27 Sep 2016Hi all, i never used Iphone as i am going to be a new user. i am planning to buy new phone as ... moreYes go for it!; Yes go for it!
Hi all, i never used Iphone as i am going to be a new user. i am planning to buy new phone as my brother is askng me to go for Iphone this time. Dont wanna spend alot but can go upto 30-35 . So please suggest me should i go for this phone??? Also let me know does iphone support Vodafone or airtel 4g connectivity ?; Hi all, i never used Iphone as i am going to be a new user. i am planning to buy new phone as my brother is askng me to go for Iphone this time. Dont wanna spend alot but can go upto 30-35 . So please suggest me should i go for this phone??? Also let me know does iphone support Vodafone or airtel 4g connectivity ?
Mark, 23 Sep 2016Settings/ general/ accessibility/ home button / turn on the : rest finger to openMany thanks, been looking for that as well. I just updated to iOS 10 and that was the first and foremost annoying thing that occurred. The new updates are minor if you ask me but it looks ok. Hope all will be fine according to battery back up and general smoothness of the new iOS 10.; Many thanks, been looking for that as well. I just updated to iOS 10 and that was the first and foremost annoying thing that occurred. The new updates are minor if you ask me but it looks ok. Hope all will be fine according to battery back up and general smoothness of the new iOS 10.
Gaurav, 19 Sep 2016Started loosing battery backup after updating to iOS 10, OS looks good, feel better but at the... moreTotally agree with you, I was on iOS 10 and it runs very good and stable but when I leave it with 20-25% battery and go to sleep in the morning its 0% and it off. So I downgraded and wont upgrade unless they fix this.; Totally agree with you, I was on iOS 10 and it runs very good and stable but when I leave it with 20-25% battery and go to sleep in the morning its 0% and it off. So I downgraded and wont upgrade unless they fix this.
Anonymous, 19 Sep 2016Not enough. Don't buy 16GB in 201611,9 gb on iOS 9 and 12,13 gb on iOS 10 atm.; 11,9 gb on iOS 9 and 12,13 gb on iOS 10 atm.
FOXY-NYC, 25 Sep 2016one things i need too , buy 16 GB or 64 16 is this enough ??go for 64, more than enough for a year; go for 64, more than enough for a year
nignog123, 22 Sep 2016hey man you wont have ANY LAG with an iphone 6, it was a solid phone. If you can afford a 7 do... moreone things i need too , buy 16 GB or 64 
 16 is this enough ??; one things i need too , buy 16 GB or 64; 16 is this enough ??
Oishi, 22 Sep 2016battery backup ?It lasts me whole day with usage including music, calls, messaging, web browsing and facebook etc. I do not play games and when I'am done using the internet, I turn mobile mobile data or wifi off. That's just my usage, It may be different depending on people; It lasts me whole day with usage including music, calls, messaging, web browsing and facebook etc. I do not play games and when I'am done using the internet, I turn mobile mobile data or wifi off. That's just my usage, It may be different depending on people
Can i buy a I phone with monthly instalment?; Can i buy a I phone with monthly instalment?
Julc, 14 Sep 2016I was just updated to ios 10. Everything work just fine. There is a few new thing in interface... moreSettings/ general/ accessibility/ home button / turn on the : rest finger to open; Settings/ general/ accessibility/ home button / turn on the : rest finger to open
I want a way to transfer my Yahoo contacts to iCloud contacts under Contacts. Can someone help me out?; I want a way to transfer my Yahoo contacts to iCloud contacts under Contacts. Can someone help me out?
Iphones are so much better than androids at everything. But you still need a good service provider. ATT seems to offer the best service.; Iphones are so much better than androids at everything. But you still need a good service provider. ATT seems to offer the best service.
I want a way to transfer my Yahoo contacts to iCloud contacts under Contacts. Can someone help me out?; I want a way to transfer my Yahoo contacts to iCloud contacts under Contacts. Can someone help me out?
woIF, 21 Sep 2016Gold 16gb user. Using the phone for 2 years and haven't faced any stutter or lag yet. This pho... morebattery backup ?; battery backup ?
FOXY-NYC, 21 Sep 2016Hey guys, please help me I'm asking about iPhone 6 is still worth in 2016 with just 1GB of r... morehey man you wont have ANY LAG with an iphone 6, it was a solid phone. If you can afford a 7 do it, but if not just get the 6. It will probably have software updates for another 2 years, and 3D touch and everything else doesnt matter.
 
 the galaxy III is ancient, the 6 will feel completely different. Do it!; hey man you wont have ANY LAG with an iphone 6, it was a solid phone. If you can afford a 7 do it, but if not just get the 6. It will probably have software updates for another 2 years, and 3D touch and everything else doesnt matter.; the galaxy III is ancient, the 6 will feel completely different. Do it!
FOXY-NYC, 21 Sep 2016Hey guys, please help me I'm asking about iPhone 6 is still worth in 2016 with just 1GB of r... moreGold 16gb user. Using the phone for 2 years and haven't faced any stutter or lag yet. This phone suits all my needs; Gold 16gb user. Using the phone for 2 years and haven't faced any stutter or lag yet. This phone suits all my needs
FOXY-NYC, 21 Sep 2016Hey guys, please help me I'm asking about iPhone 6 is still worth in 2016 with just 1GB of r... moreHey! 
 Im using the iPhone 6. On the newest version od iOS10. it runs smooth.. but i would say the iPhone SE is better value in terms of spec/price.
 
 Hope this helps!; Hey!; Im using the iPhone 6. On the newest version od iOS10. it runs smooth.. but i would say the iPhone SE is better value in terms of spec/price.; Hope this helps!
FOXY-NYC, 21 Sep 2016Hey guys, please help me I'm asking about iPhone 6 is still worth in 2016 with just 1GB of r... moreno, it doesn't lag or stop. The phone runs flawless on iOS 10; no, it doesn't lag or stop. The phone runs flawless on iOS 10
Hey guys, please help me I'm asking about iPhone 6 is still worth in 2016 
 with just 1GB of ram , my phone is galaxy s3 , i need to upgrade but don't have lot of money 
 i can buy iPhone 6 but i have no idea about the phone if he lag or stops with 1GB ram , so please help me if u use iPhone 6 , Thanks.; Hey guys, please help me I'm asking about iPhone 6 is still worth in 2016; with just 1GB of ram , my phone is galaxy s3 , i need to upgrade but don't have lot of money; i can buy iPhone 6 but i have no idea about the phone if he lag or stops with 1GB ram , so please help me if u use iPhone 6 , Thanks.
Anonymous, 19 Sep 2016Not enough. Don't buy 16GB in 2016WHY; WHY
Paradox, 19 Sep 2016In 16 Gb Version How Much Space Available To Use?? Not enough. Don't buy 16GB in 2016; Not enough. Don't buy 16GB in 2016
I want a way to transfer my Yahoo contacts to iCloud contacts under Contacts. Can someone help me out?; I want a way to transfer my Yahoo contacts to iCloud contacts under Contacts. Can someone help me out?
my sim card is allow but can't show the network after reset; my sim card is allow but can't show the network after reset
Started loosing battery backup after updating to iOS 10, OS looks good, feel better but at the end of the day, iOS 9.3 was giving a good battery backup.; Started loosing battery backup after updating to iOS 10, OS looks good, feel better but at the end of the day, iOS 9.3 was giving a good battery backup.
In 16 Gb Version How Much Space Available To Use??; In 16 Gb Version How Much Space Available To Use??
NC, 17 Sep 2016After upgrade to 10.0.1 the phone worked fine for 2 days, then it started loosing WiFi signal,... moreHard reset your phone by holding both the power and home button at same time.dont worry it will just refresh your phone without anything doing with your data.; Hard reset your phone by holding both the power and home button at same time.dont worry it will just refresh your phone without anything doing with your data.
I'm not able to play videos on youtube over wifi from last few days; I'm not able to play videos on youtube over wifi from last few days
my phone went to brick mode after updating to ios 10 not sure if i can repair it unless i bring it to an apple store which is really far away airplane distance; my phone went to brick mode after updating to ios 10 not sure if i can repair it unless i bring it to an apple store which is really far away airplane distance
After upgrade to 10.0.1 the phone worked fine for 2 days, then it started loosing WiFi signal, overheating, draining battery to 0 within 3-4 hours, screen lock stopped working. Basically, the phone became unusable outside home, Going back to 9.3.5 right now, with loss of all user data, but at least it works as a phone.; After upgrade to 10.0.1 the phone worked fine for 2 days, then it started loosing WiFi signal, overheating, draining battery to 0 within 3-4 hours, screen lock stopped working. Basically, the phone became unusable outside home, Going back to 9.3.5 right now, with loss of all user data, but at least it works as a phone.
Battery draining fast with ios 10.; Battery draining fast with ios 10.
i suggest to iphone6 user to update via iTunes, to avoid a few ''brick'' iphone after update via OTA; i suggest to iphone6 user to update via iTunes, to avoid a few ''brick'' iphone after update via OTA
Philip Pines, 14 Sep 2016Hello people from Philippines have you guys updated your iPhone 6 and iPhone 5s to IOS10 via O... more"Everythingapplepro"
 its a YouTube channel, all info you needed is there(about update); "Everythingapplepro"; its a YouTube channel, all info you needed is there(about update)
Philip Pines, 14 Sep 2016Hello people from Philippines have you guys updated your iPhone 6 and iPhone 5s to IOS10 via O... moreYes I just did and did not have a problem; Yes I just did and did not have a problem
DON EMPEROR, 01 Sep 2016am iPhone 6 user but the battery is not strong at all .i wish to know where your office is... moreGo to accra mall 
 Apple office is located there; Go to accra mall; Apple office is located there
Hello people from Philippines have you guys updated your iPhone 6 and iPhone 5s to IOS10 via OTA? Was it safe already to update guys via OTA? I heard it could be brick your iPhone if updated via OTA and so I'm afraid in pursuing so. Pls help me deCide guys thank you PLS PLS be honest thank you. 
 I have two iPhone the iphone 6 and the iPhone 5s; Hello people from Philippines have you guys updated your iPhone 6 and iPhone 5s to IOS10 via OTA? Was it safe already to update guys via OTA? I heard it could be brick your iPhone if updated via OTA and so I'm afraid in pursuing so. Pls help me deCide guys thank you PLS PLS be honest thank you.; I have two iPhone the iphone 6 and the iPhone 5s
Julc, 14 Sep 2016I was just updated to ios 10. Everything work just fine. There is a few new thing in interface... morehello to eliminate that issue go to settings> Accessibility> scroll up for home button> then activate rest finger to open if your finger print security works. thats all...; hello to eliminate that issue go to settings> Accessibility> scroll up for home button> then activate rest finger to open if your finger print security works. thats all...
Julc, 14 Sep 2016I was just updated to ios 10. Everything work just fine. There is a few new thing in interface... morehello to eliminate that issue go to settings> Accessibility> scroll up for home button> then activate rest finger to open if your finger print security works. thats all...; hello to eliminate that issue go to settings> Accessibility> scroll up for home button> then activate rest finger to open if your finger print security works. thats all...
Julc, 14 Sep 2016I was just updated to ios 10. Everything work just fine. There is a few new thing in interface... morehello to eliminate that issue go to settings> Accessibility> scroll up for home button> then activate rest finger to open if your finger print security works. thats all...; hello to eliminate that issue go to settings> Accessibility> scroll up for home button> then activate rest finger to open if your finger print security works. thats all...
Hello IOS 10 just fixed the screen freezing issue specially the right hand corner.. It is workking completely smoother now.. Love I phone 6 as it is slightly lighter than the 6s.; Hello IOS 10 just fixed the screen freezing issue specially the right hand corner.. It is workking completely smoother now.. Love I phone 6 as it is slightly lighter than the 6s.
I was just updated to ios 10. Everything work just fine. There is a few new thing in interface and i like it. 
 But there is one thing, when unloking the phone it ask to press home butom, i hate that!!! 
 Anyone know how to turn off that ??
 Any help pls ??; I was just updated to ios 10. Everything work just fine. There is a few new thing in interface and i like it.; But there is one thing, when unloking the phone it ask to press home butom, i hate that!!!; Anyone know how to turn off that ??; Any help pls ??
Anonymous, 01 Sep 2016iphone is a best phone to use but the major problem is that it has a very weak beattry Don, I'm in Ghana as well. Just go for a battery change and you would be fine. Had similar issue and just changed the battery for a new one and got sorted; Don, I'm in Ghana as well. Just go for a battery change and you would be fine. Had similar issue and just changed the battery for a new one and got sorted
Anonymous, 11 Sep 2016is there any screen issue that im been hearing about the iphone 6 and 6 plusAm using the iphone6 since the day one...
 And yes indeed there is an issue with the capacitive command on the display,and as I've heard almost all 6"s are affected by this.
 However,the issue is not grave!Only occasionally the touch input will stop responding,and in my case the lower right portion of the screen.This thing happens very rarelly,once a couple of weeks,and it get corrected by itself in a matter of minutes.No big deal to be honest,altough if you happen to chat in that moment,you'll be frustrated as you would'nt be able to use the far right of the keyboard.But as I said the problem get corrected by itself in a matter of minutes without need for restart or anything.More so,in my 2 year expirience with the iphone 6,I had only once restarted it (with the two buttons simultsneously) bcs the touch frozen completelly.
 I hope this will help you a lot.Personally am very very satisfied with the device overal,and its still a bloody good phone compared to the competition.Got an sgs6 edge,and I still use this iphone as an everyday driver. 
 Cheers; Am using the iphone6 since the day one...; And yes indeed there is an issue with the capacitive command on the display,and as I've heard almost all 6"s are affected by this.; However,the issue is not grave!Only occasionally the touch input will stop responding,and in my case the lower right portion of the screen.This thing happens very rarelly,once a couple of weeks,and it get corrected by itself in a matter of minutes.No big deal to be honest,altough if you happen to chat in that moment,you'll be frustrated as you would'nt be able to use the far right of the keyboard.But as I said the problem get corrected by itself in a matter of minutes without need for restart or anything.More so,in my 2 year expirience with the iphone 6,I had only once restarted it (with the two buttons simultsneously) bcs the touch frozen completelly.; I hope this will help you a lot.Personally am very very satisfied with the device overal,and its still a bloody good phone compared to the competition.Got an sgs6 edge,and I still use this iphone as an everyday driver.; Cheers
marci , 07 Sep 2016i use iphone6 and after 1 year its seem that is working very good as the first day is there any screen issue that im been hearing about the iphone 6 and 6 plus; is there any screen issue that im been hearing about the iphone 6 and 6 plus
Pip, 06 Sep 2016I am using iphone6 since one year,battery timing is still ok and phone perfomance is very very... moreeven me; even me
I have taken photos from iphone6. but the date and time is incorrect. ow can i find the exact date when the photo was taken. can i find it myself, a technician or no option to find the exact date and time when was the photo taken. Thanks; I have taken photos from iphone6. but the date and time is incorrect. ow can i find the exact date when the photo was taken. can i find it myself, a technician or no option to find the exact date and time when was the photo taken. Thanks
Gaurav, 05 Sep 2016The touch screen stops responding to your touch and you get flickering grey bar on the top of ... moreyes, but I got it replaced with apple store; yes, but I got it replaced with apple store
i use iphone6 and after 1 year its seem that is working very good as the first day; i use iphone6 and after 1 year its seem that is working very good as the first day
I am using iphone6 since one year,battery timing is still ok and phone perfomance is very very good.; I am using iphone6 since one year,battery timing is still ok and phone perfomance is very very good.
the major disadvantage of iphone is its battery problem.; the major disadvantage of iphone is its battery problem.
fzl, 30 Aug 2016What is touch disease of iphone 6 The touch screen stops responding to your touch and you get flickering grey bar on the top of your screen, this problem is faced by many iPhone users world wide; The touch screen stops responding to your touch and you get flickering grey bar on the top of your screen, this problem is faced by many iPhone users world wide
This phone series has a major problem of touch screen going unresponsive, you can take calls or for that matter do anything with the phone this I famously known as "touch disease" this is so far faced in both iPhones 6 as well as 6 plus. For the value u pay such major defects are to worth it; This phone series has a major problem of touch screen going unresponsive, you can take calls or for that matter do anything with the phone this I famously known as "touch disease" this is so far faced in both iPhones 6 as well as 6 plus. For the value u pay such major defects are to worth it
I am using iphone6 n i am happy with iphone6.; I am using iphone6 n i am happy with iphone6.
Anonymous, 24 Aug 2016Hiii Im little confused just want ur opinion, i was a iphone5s user few months back i bough... moreStyle: 6
 Performance: SE (it has the A9 SoC, the same as the 6s); Style: 6; Performance: SE (it has the A9 SoC, the same as the 6s)
Anonymous, 24 Aug 2016Hiii Im little confused just want ur opinion, i was a iphone5s user few months back i bough... moreiphone SE is better in performance; iphone SE is better in performance
iphone is a best phone to use but the major problem is that it has a very weak beattry; iphone is a best phone to use but the major problem is that it has a very weak beattry
am iPhone 6 user but the battery is not strong at all .i wish to know where your office is located in Ghana; am iPhone 6 user but the battery is not strong at all .i wish to know where your office is located in Ghana
battery does not last 61hours more like 7!!!!!!!!!!!; battery does not last 61hours more like 7!!!!!!!!!!!
I am user of Iphone since last one year and Im using Iphone 6. The mobile phone that do not have even 100 caller log, Hang at the time of Incoming call, call recording feature still we are using.
 
 My request Apple to increase the call log and add call recording feature in the iphone so users need not to install any third party app to store these things; I am user of Iphone since last one year and Im using Iphone 6. The mobile phone that do not have even 100 caller log, Hang at the time of Incoming call, call recording feature still we are using.; My request Apple to increase the call log and add call recording feature in the iphone so users need not to install any third party app to store these things
ratdota, 28 Aug 2016i have an idea to buy iphone 6 over iphone se and i am waiting for the iphone 7 launch to the ... more
 go for the iphone se or htc 10 ;); go for the iphone se or htc 10 ;)
What is touch disease of iphone 6; What is touch disease of iphone 6
Anonymous, 29 Aug 2016Hey! Will the Iphone 6' price would decrease after the launce of the Iphone 7? Because I'm pla... moreDefinitely it always the case.; Definitely it always the case.
The iPhone is epic!!!!!!; The iPhone is epic!!!!!!
htc 10 or iphone 6; htc 10 or iphone 6
Hey! Will the Iphone 6' price would decrease after the launce of the Iphone 7? Because I'm planning to buy an Iphone 6. Thanks; Hey! Will the Iphone 6' price would decrease after the launce of the Iphone 7? Because I'm planning to buy an Iphone 6. Thanks
fraz2000, 17 Aug 2016Install itunes on your computer then if it detects your iphone, then it is original if it does... morewhatch a video on youtube called iphone 6 real vs fake; whatch a video on youtube called iphone 6 real vs fake
i have an idea to buy iphone 6 over iphone se and i am waiting for the iphone 7 launch to the prices to go down.; i have an idea to buy iphone 6 over iphone se and i am waiting for the iphone 7 launch to the prices to go down.
I started with the iPhone 3 then 4 and 5 and just got my new iPhone 6 s. Wow I would never had thought that a 800.00 phone would be a piece of garbage! 
 First off a screen should not crack from a drop a foot off the ground in tall grass.
 It doesn't hold its network settings I am always resetting them just to use wifi at home
 Every time I try to send email I get a message that the server didn't identify the user what! It is a reply the address was used to send but the server didn't understand the user? Verizon tried to work it out but no way could that be because the 1 foot drop in grass to foraged to use I'm afraid to touch the thing
 Then I have insurance and I have to buy a new phone befor I can get it or pay 149.00 to use the insurance nothing like auto insurance.
 I have decided to go gorilla glass no more I nothing they cost to much for them to break that easily it should be an investment not a liability
 As for reception well they don't do to well their either my sister has a android we can be in the same place she will have one or two bars on android and I have none on iPhone same Verizon though
 I would recommend that you think twice befor you buy an apple product as long as they use inferior glass and weak cell phones.; I started with the iPhone 3 then 4 and 5 and just got my new iPhone 6 s. Wow I would never had thought that a 800.00 phone would be a piece of garbage!; First off a screen should not crack from a drop a foot off the ground in tall grass.; It doesn't hold its network settings I am always resetting them just to use wifi at home; Every time I try to send email I get a message that the server didn't identify the user what! It is a reply the address was used to send but the server didn't understand the user? Verizon tried to work it out but no way could that be because the 1 foot drop in grass to foraged to use I'm afraid to touch the thing; Then I have insurance and I have to buy a new phone befor I can get it or pay 149.00 to use the insurance nothing like auto insurance.; I have decided to go gorilla glass no more I nothing they cost to much for them to break that easily it should be an investment not a liability; As for reception well they don't do to well their either my sister has a android we can be in the same place she will have one or two bars on android and I have none on iPhone same Verizon though; I would recommend that you think twice befor you buy an apple product as long as they use inferior glass and weak cell phones.
Anonymous, 27 Aug 2016iPhone 6 is a poor build quality phone. The screen on my iPhone 6 started clicking like it ... moreI bought mine iphone 6 gold from second hands (used) 2 years ago. Can't agree with you because I hadn't faced any problems yet.; I bought mine iphone 6 gold from second hands (used) 2 years ago. Can't agree with you because I hadn't faced any problems yet.
Sure Go for Iphone 6...; Sure Go for Iphone 6...
iPhone 6 is a poor build quality phone.
 
 The screen on my iPhone 6 started clicking like it was loose after just a few months of use.
 I had it replaced (had to wait for 3 days to get a new phone...) but after a few months it also started clicking - this one was worse then the first! 
 Again, i went to local authorized service (and this time waited for 6 days) to get a new phone. Great, i got a new phone again, but this one lasted 1 week before it started clicking!!! I am very angry because i paid for quality and then i got this...; iPhone 6 is a poor build quality phone.; The screen on my iPhone 6 started clicking like it was loose after just a few months of use.; I had it replaced (had to wait for 3 days to get a new phone...) but after a few months it also started clicking - this one was worse then the first!; Again, i went to local authorized service (and this time waited for 6 days) to get a new phone. Great, i got a new phone again, but this one lasted 1 week before it started clicking!!! I am very angry because i paid for quality and then i got this...
Anonymous, 24 Aug 2016Hiii Im little confused just want ur opinion, i was a iphone5s user few months back i bough... moreIphone 6 dude. The se is kinda smallish; Iphone 6 dude. The se is kinda smallish
Hy guyz
 I just wanted to ask that how much price of iphone 6 and 6s will be dropped by the end of this year???
 Any suggestions ??; Hy guyz; I just wanted to ask that how much price of iphone 6 and 6s will be dropped by the end of this year???; Any suggestions ??
Hiii 
 Im little confused just want ur opinion, i was a iphone5s user few months back i bought an A5(2016) but im not satisfied with it, so i decided to buy iphone once again, im confused which 1 to buy iphone se or iphone6 , ur opinion is priceless fr me; Hiii; Im little confused just want ur opinion, i was a iphone5s user few months back i bought an A5(2016) but im not satisfied with it, so i decided to buy iphone once again, im confused which 1 to buy iphone se or iphone6 , ur opinion is priceless fr me
Jack, 18 Aug 2016Go to s7... it has more feature than that little dudeWell that little one is much more stronger than the S7!! Talking from the xperiance; Well that little one is much more stronger than the S7!! Talking from the xperiance
Og creez, 21 Aug 2016I bought an iphone when using , the phone fell down and the screen got broken and when i took... morehttps://www.ifixit.com/Answers/View/97653/How+to­+fix+itunes+error+9 Read all of the comments in the site or google it yourself. You might manage to fix it yourself as people say they managed to do it.; Read all of the comments in the site or google it yourself. You might manage to fix it yourself as people say they managed to do it.
Og creez, 21 Aug 2016I bought an iphone when using , the phone fell down and the screen got broken and when i took... moreTake it to Apple.
 The problem is well known and documented, the local butcher "repairing" is the cause of the problem.; Take it to Apple.; The problem is well known and documented, the local butcher "repairing" is the cause of the problem.
VIDEH, 15 Aug 2016its battery power is poor Really, after (almost) two years of use the battery still feels like new.
 Being away for 13 hours and using it a lot for work i am left with about 70 to 75%
 Calling, emailing, social media, browsing. No issues at all with it.
 Even when forgetting to charge at night, not worried it won't make until the next day home.
 
 Imagine if i would have had a Samsung S6 or S7; than i would be worried. Happy not (never) getting one of those. 
 If an Android, glad to have a Nexus.; Really, after (almost) two years of use the battery still feels like new.; Being away for 13 hours and using it a lot for work i am left with about 70 to 75%; Calling, emailing, social media, browsing. No issues at all with it.; Even when forgetting to charge at night, not worried it won't make until the next day home.; Imagine if i would have had a Samsung S6 or S7; than i would be worried. Happy not (never) getting one of those.; If an Android, glad to have a Nexus.
I bought an iphone when using , the phone fell down and the screen got broken and when i took it to an engineer for repair he change the screen and the phone required flashing, during the process of flashing the phone do write error 9 , And the phone does not flash please what can i do to it; I bought an iphone when using , the phone fell down and the screen got broken and when i took it to an engineer for repair he change the screen and the phone required flashing, during the process of flashing the phone do write error 9 , And the phone does not flash please what can i do to it
When choosing a phone you should also consider it's repairability. According to ifixit iPhone 6 scores a 7/10, while Samsung s7 only scores 3/10. I'am not saying that Samsung phones are worse, just for me it is important aspect because I do not replace my phones very often.; When choosing a phone you should also consider it's repairability. According to ifixit iPhone 6 scores a 7/10, while Samsung s7 only scores 3/10. I'am not saying that Samsung phones are worse, just for me it is important aspect because I do not replace my phones very often.
Hanif, 18 Aug 2016Go for iphone because it's worth for money. The worst service samsung gives. Lots of issues. i agree on that because i had issues with it so i swiched to iphone; i agree on that because i had issues with it so i swiched to iphone
Salmanji, 18 Aug 2016i think S7 is better bro.yes I know bro; yes I know bro
I've been iPhone since the first came out. Now I got iPhone 6 bought from Thailand which Now having lot of issues.
 Wifi, Hotspot, GPS Sometime work sometime don't. and corner of screen is black. I mean the connectivities of Phone is suck I must say.So I sent to fix it once. It usually came back with new one but now they change some parts and that's it. STILL have the same PROBLEM If you use your phone all day everyday, you know the problems. They check it for 15 minute and say OK then sent it back. By the way, I really want to send video to prove the point.; I've been iPhone since the first came out. Now I got iPhone 6 bought from Thailand which Now having lot of issues.; Wifi, Hotspot, GPS Sometime work sometime don't. and corner of screen is black. I mean the connectivities of Phone is suck I must say.So I sent to fix it once. It usually came back with new one but now they change some parts and that's it. STILL have the same PROBLEM If you use your phone all day everyday, you know the problems. They check it for 15 minute and say OK then sent it back. By the way, I really want to send video to prove the point.
Anonymous, 17 Aug 2016Can someone pls help me with which phone to opt for between the iphone 6 and samsung s7??Go for iphone because it's worth for money. The worst service samsung gives. Lots of issues.; Go for iphone because it's worth for money. The worst service samsung gives. Lots of issues.
Anonymous, 17 Aug 2016Can someone pls help me with which phone to opt for between the iphone 6 and samsung s7??i think S7 is better bro.; i think S7 is better bro.
Anonymous, 17 Aug 2016Can someone pls help me with which phone to opt for between the iphone 6 and samsung s7??Go to s7... it has more feature than that little dude; Go to s7... it has more feature than that little dude
shiva, 17 Aug 2016How i will know that that iphone i bought ia original or copy? Please tellInstall itunes on your computer then if it detects your iphone, then it is original if it doesn't then its fake; Install itunes on your computer then if it detects your iphone, then it is original if it doesn't then its fake
Can someone pls help me with which phone to opt for between the iphone 6 and samsung s7??; Can someone pls help me with which phone to opt for between the iphone 6 and samsung s7??
How i will know that that iphone i bought ia original or copy? Please tell; How i will know that that iphone i bought ia original or copy? Please tell
Bend problem :D; Bend problem :D
its battery power is poor; its battery power is poor
himanshu mani yadav, 12 Aug 2016Yes now you can buy iphone 6 64gb at 34000rsWhich shop i get iphone 6 at 34k 64 GB . Because online it gets at 44k; Which shop i get iphone 6 at 34k 64 GB . Because online it gets at 44k
Sid, 11 Aug 2016Hi I m also android user .last 32 months I m using samsung galaxy note 2 .but now I want to by... moreGo for apple. undoubtely far better than samsung.; Go for apple. undoubtely far better than samsung.
Sid, 11 Aug 2016Hi I m also android user .last 32 months I m using samsung galaxy note 2 .but now I want to by... moreIphone6; Iphone6
Sid, 11 Aug 2016Hi I m also android user .last 32 months I m using samsung galaxy note 2 .but now I want to by... moreYes now you can buy iphone 6 64gb at 34000rs; Yes now you can buy iphone 6 64gb at 34000rs
Beni , 11 Aug 2016Hi friends, I'm an android user now I like to buy an iPhone but confused a lot. Please help me... moreHi I m also android user .last 32 months I m using samsung galaxy note 2 .but now I want to bye iphone 6 .i m also waiting because of cost .64 GB costs is too much high and 16 GB is not enough.i will wait upto Dec 2016 then I decide whether bye iphone 6 or samsung flagship; Hi I m also android user .last 32 months I m using samsung galaxy note 2 .but now I want to bye iphone 6 .i m also waiting because of cost .64 GB costs is too much high and 16 GB is not enough.i will wait upto Dec 2016 then I decide whether bye iphone 6 or samsung flagship
Hi friends, I'm an android user now I like to buy an iPhone but confused a lot. Please help me in this guys.
 
 I'm in confusion whether to buy iPhone 5s/6 - 5s and 6 has more or less same specs but the size and design differs & cost wise too.
 Q1. Whether iphone 5s is okay to buy or need to wait for some time and then to buy Iphone 6?
 (iphone 6 is so good in design but its bit expensive) 
 
 Q2. As I'm an android user, Need to know the below usability,
 - Does this phone has heating issue? iphone 5s
 - Is there an offline maps?
 
 Q3 . Please help me in this shall i go for iphone 5s ?; Hi friends, I'm an android user now I like to buy an iPhone but confused a lot. Please help me in this guys.; I'm in confusion whether to buy iPhone 5s/6 - 5s and 6 has more or less same specs but the size and design differs & cost wise too.; Q1. Whether iphone 5s is okay to buy or need to wait for some time and then to buy Iphone 6?; (iphone 6 is so good in design but its bit expensive); Q2. As I'm an android user, Need to know the below usability,; - Does this phone has heating issue? iphone 5s; - Is there an offline maps?; Q3 . Please help me in this shall i go for iphone 5s ?
Manshf, 03 Aug 2016I only bought iphone product once and that was the worst experience I had ever with using mobi... moreApparently you've bought fake iPhone because I have this product since it was on the market and I've never had any issue.; Apparently you've bought fake iPhone because I have this product since it was on the market and I've never had any issue.
Your App Store is not working right.i think your data is deactivated for App Store.if yes so go to setting options and chose cellular and cellular data use for App Store and turn right and it will green.i think your problem will be solve.; Your App Store is not working right.i think your data is deactivated for App Store.if yes so go to setting options and chose cellular and cellular data use for App Store and turn right and it will green.i think your problem will be solve.
My Siri is not working.microphone is working (voice memo) even recording is ok.i have already installed 9.3.4 I had tried everything but not succeed so what I do. Has Someone facing same problem?; My Siri is not working.microphone is working (voice memo) even recording is ok.i have already installed 9.3.4 I had tried everything but not succeed so what I do. Has Someone facing same problem?
iPhone and apple inc are the crappiest company around they say Apple does more then any phone yea only if you want to blow data it uses data for everything and my child love gba and I had it on my phone then Apple as stingy as there are revoked it due to the fact that is free no charges and doesn't require data in any shape form or fashion so Apple you suck I should have never gave up straight talk lg power for your easy to crack piece of junk phone which them battery sucks it won't stay charged longer then a hour oh and guess what you can't change the battery you have to buy a whole new phone what type of bs is that that's why the Feds hacked your crapy Fire walls cause y'all are lame and weak when it come to our feelings we want a lot more out of these phone but y'all have restrictions for gamers oh if we can pay for crap it's cool give it to us but what the heck Apple y'all ripped us off revoke gba for what cause our kids love it and it's free screw you what out ppl the Feds are watching you cause these company can't protect itself how do we think they'll protect our info; iPhone and apple inc are the crappiest company around they say Apple does more then any phone yea only if you want to blow data it uses data for everything and my child love gba and I had it on my phone then Apple as stingy as there are revoked it due to the fact that is free no charges and doesn't require data in any shape form or fashion so Apple you suck I should have never gave up straight talk lg power for your easy to crack piece of junk phone which them battery sucks it won't stay charged longer then a hour oh and guess what you can't change the battery you have to buy a whole new phone what type of bs is that that's why the Feds hacked your crapy Fire walls cause y'all are lame and weak when it come to our feelings we want a lot more out of these phone but y'all have restrictions for gamers oh if we can pay for crap it's cool give it to us but what the heck Apple y'all ripped us off revoke gba for what cause our kids love it and it's free screw you what out ppl the Feds are watching you cause these company can't protect itself how do we think they'll protect our info
Rahat Imran, 09 Aug 2016Since i upgraded my ios to 9.3.4 i am unable to open my apps store every time its showing can ... morego to setting and on appstore application. make sure its available then click appstore & it will connect as usual; go to setting and on appstore application. make sure its available then click appstore & it will connect as usual
Since i upgraded my ios to 9.3.4 i am unable to open my apps store every time its showing can not connect. Can anyone help me out ?; Since i upgraded my ios to 9.3.4 i am unable to open my apps store every time its showing can not connect. Can anyone help me out ?
What is the best for me iPhone 6 or 6s; What is the best for me iPhone 6 or 6s
Anonymous, 20 Jul 2016My son has a IPhone 6 it is the worst mobile phone. It is piece of ****. This phone does not... moreyou just don't know how to use it that's all. read; you just don't know how to use it that's all. read
Lazareu, 06 Aug 2016im just bought this phone and want to update to iOS 9.3.4, anyone outside that already update ... moreI've updated to 9.3.4 from 9.3.3 here in Singapore
 New update seem to be a problem for those that jailbreak their iphones.
 (According to Youtube EverythingApplePro) 
 If you don't jail break, an update should be fine; I've updated to 9.3.4 from 9.3.3 here in Singapore; New update seem to be a problem for those that jailbreak their iphones.; (According to Youtube EverythingApplePro); If you don't jail break, an update should be fine
im just bought this phone and want to update to iOS 9.3.4, anyone outside that already update this to new iOS ? please i need info; im just bought this phone and want to update to iOS 9.3.4, anyone outside that already update this to new iOS ? please i need info
Never to use an Iphone again because my phone is full am forced to carry extra memory. 
 Please styleup we need expandable memory.
 If u wanna crush the galaxies just done me favour provide a micro SD slot .
 And let the consumers do the buying; Never to use an Iphone again because my phone is full am forced to carry extra memory.; Please styleup we need expandable memory.; If u wanna crush the galaxies just done me favour provide a micro SD slot .; And let the consumers do the buying
Anonymous, 20 Jul 2016My son has a IPhone 6 it is the worst mobile phone. It is piece of ****. This phone does not... moreI only bought iphone product once and that was the worst experience I had ever with using mobile phones and i would never buy any apple product again, since i had it i had nothing but trouble it s been relaced two times up to now and every time I faced with new issue once the touch screen didn't work and again it s connecting and disconnecting from wifi it s just a kind of rubbish paying too much and then wasting time in apple store for fixing their problems , please don t waste your money and time; I only bought iphone product once and that was the worst experience I had ever with using mobile phones and i would never buy any apple product again, since i had it i had nothing but trouble it s been relaced two times up to now and every time I faced with new issue once the touch screen didn't work and again it s connecting and disconnecting from wifi it s just a kind of rubbish paying too much and then wasting time in apple store for fixing their problems , please don t waste your money and time
My voicemail is full. I dont know how to erase ans start new. could someone help me?; My voicemail is full. I dont know how to erase ans start new. could someone help me?
joedirt, 31 Jul 2016How will you transfer a photo to computer to iphone am using 16gb iphone 6 thankyouplug in your phone with the charging cable,there should be a new folder (device) in your computer device things,open it,copy the photo you need and put it in your phone's folder you want; plug in your phone with the charging cable,there should be a new folder (device) in your computer device things,open it,copy the photo you need and put it in your phone's folder you want
good information thankyou; good information thankyou
How will you transfer a photo to computer to iphone am using 16gb iphone 6 thankyou; How will you transfer a photo to computer to iphone am using 16gb iphone 6 thankyou
which is most recommended iphone 6 or A5 2016?; which is most recommended iphone 6 or A5 2016?
SHUBHAM PAL, 27 Jul 2016did you like your i phone 6,how you transfer your data to another phone.would you face any pro... moreYes all app is free; Yes all app is free
Rajen, 22 Jul 2016APPLE is WORST in INDIA: iam using Iphone 6 from last 1 year.After 1 year my display was not ... moreBe careful for not to buy refurbished or fake iphone.; Be careful for not to buy refurbished or fake iphone.
Vanvan, 24 Jul 2016That means u bought the refurbish one.there are a lot of refurbished iphone 6 now,always buy a... moredid you like your i phone 6,how you transfer your data to another phone.would you face any problem to transfer data,the all apps are free in your app store.; did you like your i phone 6,how you transfer your data to another phone.would you face any problem to transfer data,the all apps are free in your app store.
Anonymous, 23 Jul 2016You can take so many pictures with so many GB. I was so excited. Too bad again today I can't t... morei am using a 16gb iphone 6... i have no problem transferring my photos to my laptop...i can just copy and paste directly to my pc without itunes....note i am using windows 10; i am using a 16gb iphone 6... i have no problem transferring my photos to my laptop...i can just copy and paste directly to my pc without itunes....note i am using windows 10
Tabiur, 16 Jul 2016I bought iPhone 6 64 GB from Dubai 8 month before now my phone screen showing only i tune logo... moreThat means u bought the refurbish one.there are a lot of refurbished iphone 6 now,always buy apple from official retail store and make sure the guarantee is not activated check selfsolve.apple.com your serial number before u buy; That means u bought the refurbish one.there are a lot of refurbished iphone 6 now,always buy apple from official retail store and make sure the guarantee is not activated check selfsolve.apple.com your serial number before u buy
You can take so many pictures with so many GB. I was so excited. Too bad again today I can't transfer them to my computer, to my Macbook computer. I've used Apple everything for at least ten years. CEO Cook's idea is Ecosystem of Apple devices? It's working. I'm not going to buy an Apple phone again, I'm big time annoyed it wont share its pictures with my computer, a problem that has existed for three months now, 's maybe I won't buy the Macbook again. After twenty years Cook has succeeded in chasing me away.; You can take so many pictures with so many GB. I was so excited. Too bad again today I can't transfer them to my computer, to my Macbook computer. I've used Apple everything for at least ten years. CEO Cook's idea is Ecosystem of Apple devices? It's working. I'm not going to buy an Apple phone again, I'm big time annoyed it wont share its pictures with my computer, a problem that has existed for three months now, 's maybe I won't buy the Macbook again. After twenty years Cook has succeeded in chasing me away.
Aisha , 20 Jul 2016Hi can anyone advice me why my mobile no ringing tone as from 18hr by itself . Is there any wa... moreThere is a small button on the top left side of the phone. That is a silent button. U should move that button to remove your phone from silent mode so then the ringtone can be rung again.; There is a small button on the top left side of the phone. That is a silent button. U should move that button to remove your phone from silent mode so then the ringtone can be rung again.
APPLE is WORST in INDIA:
 iam using Iphone 6 from last 1 year.After 1 year my display was not working suddenly and home button color also changed from black to light green looks like something happen and after diagnostic test they said microphone and speaker are also not working .In service center they said i have to pay 23 K for new mobile.Whats the solution for this ?
 All these happend after warranty .So what i am saying that APPLE is WORST in India.In other countries we can replace with low cost.; APPLE is WORST in INDIA:; iam using Iphone 6 from last 1 year.After 1 year my display was not working suddenly and home button color also changed from black to light green looks like something happen and after diagnostic test they said microphone and speaker are also not working .In service center they said i have to pay 23 K for new mobile.Whats the solution for this ?; All these happend after warranty .So what i am saying that APPLE is WORST in India.In other countries we can replace with low cost.
I don't trust info from anonymous commenters.; I don't trust info from anonymous commenters.
dejavuuu, 02 Jul 2016iphone se or iphone 6? ip6 such a pricey if u want big phones then ip6 but if u want better specs and camera and cheaper then SE; if u want big phones then ip6 but if u want better specs and camera and cheaper then SE
Hi can anyone advice me why my mobile no ringing tone as from 18hr by itself . Is there any way how to regulate this to normal ?; Hi can anyone advice me why my mobile no ringing tone as from 18hr by itself . Is there any way how to regulate this to normal ?
My son has a IPhone 6 it is the worst mobile phone. It is piece of ****. This phone does not ring ever only vibrates. The keys are not user friendly at all. Took itt to Apple Store was it put on a 3 Hour Wait list for them to do nothing. I nor my son will never purchase any apple products again. Don't believe the hype phone is not worth the money.; My son has a IPhone 6 it is the worst mobile phone. It is piece of ****. This phone does not ring ever only vibrates. The keys are not user friendly at all. Took itt to Apple Store was it put on a 3 Hour Wait list for them to do nothing. I nor my son will never purchase any apple products again. Don't believe the hype phone is not worth the money.
Fzl, 16 Jul 2016Iphone 6 support otg or notNo; No
i like it... soo much ....... awsm mobiles and all d apps r supportng bettr scren resoultion and 4k also supporting luv u dis one; i like it... soo much ....... awsm mobiles and all d apps r supportng bettr scren resoultion and 4k also supporting luv u dis one
Does the below features available and works fine in iphone 6?
 # Photo editing app (Pics Art...)
 # Good quality free games 
 # Offline maps 
 # Battery lasting 
 # Front and rear cam in both light and dark 
 
 Just tell me does these points works fine; Does the below features available and works fine in iphone 6?; # Photo editing app (Pics Art...); # Good quality free games; # Offline maps; # Battery lasting; # Front and rear cam in both light and dark; Just tell me does these points works fine
in chennai there is no stock of iphone 6..
 does apple stop producing iphone 6?; in chennai there is no stock of iphone 6..; does apple stop producing iphone 6?
Whats the battery life like on this device?; Whats the battery life like on this device?
Rajat Sharma, 16 Jul 2016So true. You cant even excess your files. Nd worst part is you cant even download songs from b... morethere is apps thats can do it on the app store (download songs) :); there is apps thats can do it on the app store (download songs) :)
Iphone 6 support otg or not; Iphone 6 support otg or not
Rajat Sharma, 16 Jul 2016So true. You cant even excess your files. Nd worst part is you cant even download songs from b... moreI am also this same situation. I missmy android; I am also this same situation. I missmy android
Anonymous, 12 Jul 2016First time owning an iPhone. Miss my android! Everything you do is painfully. Want to add a ri... moreSo true. You cant even excess your files. Nd worst part is you cant even download songs from browser.; So true. You cant even excess your files. Nd worst part is you cant even download songs from browser.
I bought iPhone 6 64 GB from Dubai 8 month before now my phone screen showing only i tune logo then i go to Apple care the keep my phone for 2/3 days they called me and tell me to pay 100 SAR and take the iPhone and they didnot repair my phone i asked them why they told me its already open somewhere else or you bought second hand phone from dubai.
 Now what i will do please friend suggest me.; I bought iPhone 6 64 GB from Dubai 8 month before now my phone screen showing only i tune logo then i go to Apple care the keep my phone for 2/3 days they called me and tell me to pay 100 SAR and take the iPhone and they didnot repair my phone i asked them why they told me its already open somewhere else or you bought second hand phone from dubai.; Now what i will do please friend suggest me.
iPhone SE or iPhone 6? Helpppp; iPhone SE or iPhone 6? Helpppp
Anonymous, 13 Jul 2016send your number will let u knowi dont know; i dont know
Anonymous, 13 Jul 2016Agreed, i am a former user of iphone 5s . That was the worst that ever happened to me. Ios is ... moreiPhone 6 sucks! The screen freezes all the time and just sending a simple text becomes a frustrating experience.; iPhone 6 sucks! The screen freezes all the time and just sending a simple text becomes a frustrating experience.
neelam, 09 Jul 2016I am using iphone 6 and while downloading free apps I am redirected to payment page for making... moresend your number will let u know; send your number will let u know
just.kidd.ink, 09 Jul 2016Iphone is boring. I was on my 3G, 3Gs, 4, 4S, 5, and the last was 5S. But, I must admit that t... moreAgreed, i am a former user of iphone 5s . That was the worst that ever happened to me. Ios is boring , overpriced, overrated. Now i am back to android and enjoy the long battery life and the freedom of android.; Agreed, i am a former user of iphone 5s . That was the worst that ever happened to me. Ios is boring , overpriced, overrated. Now i am back to android and enjoy the long battery life and the freedom of android.
First time owning an iPhone. Miss my android! Everything you do is painfully. Want to add a ring tone? Np, just download an app, create the tone, find a pc, install iTunes, figure out how to set up the "tones" tab, sync back to your iPhone (hope not to screw up your music), got to your iPhone and find the tone. Freaking simple... Never mind if you need more storage, then just buy a new phone! What a pod. Can't imagine why anyone would buy a second one.; First time owning an iPhone. Miss my android! Everything you do is painfully. Want to add a ring tone? Np, just download an app, create the tone, find a pc, install iTunes, figure out how to set up the "tones" tab, sync back to your iPhone (hope not to screw up your music), got to your iPhone and find the tone. Freaking simple... Never mind if you need more storage, then just buy a new phone! What a pod. Can't imagine why anyone would buy a second one.
Sam, 10 Jul 2016Hello guys I am using iPhone 6.. Few days back I updated my IOS to 9.3.2 and after the update ... morewhy not call applecare?; why not call applecare?
Sam , 10 Jul 2016I have tried resetting my phone but it still can't make or receive calls... Hahahahaha; Hahahahaha
Sam, 10 Jul 2016Hello guys I am using iPhone 6.. Few days back I updated my IOS to 9.3.2 and after the update ... moreI have tried resetting my phone but it still can't make or receive calls...; I have tried resetting my phone but it still can't make or receive calls...
Hello guys I am using iPhone 6.. Few days back I updated my IOS to 9.3.2 and after the update I can't make or receive calls.. Please help..; Hello guys I am using iPhone 6.. Few days back I updated my IOS to 9.3.2 and after the update I can't make or receive calls.. Please help..
IPhone 6 or note 5; IPhone 6 or note 5
I am using iphone 6 and while downloading free apps I am redirected to payment page for making payment for downloading the app which is actually free of cost. Can anybody please tell me why is this happening and how can I get it resolved?; I am using iphone 6 and while downloading free apps I am redirected to payment page for making payment for downloading the app which is actually free of cost. Can anybody please tell me why is this happening and how can I get it resolved?
Iphone is boring. I was on my 3G, 3Gs, 4, 4S, 5, and the last was 5S. But, I must admit that there is no big changes on iphone. From time to time, iphone just looks the same. Same old same old. And now I am an android user.; Iphone is boring. I was on my 3G, 3Gs, 4, 4S, 5, and the last was 5S. But, I must admit that there is no big changes on iphone. From time to time, iphone just looks the same. Same old same old. And now I am an android user.
Nalgas uhh, 04 Jul 2016Have you ever thought what is apple released a edge phone, wouldn't that be great?Word on the street is that Apple has turned to Samsung to produce Amoled displays for its forthcoming range of iPhones. Now, I stand to be corrected, but I think the curve is only achievable with Amoled technology. With that in mind, if the rumors of Apple's plan to ditch LCDs in favor of LEDs turn out to be true, then It seems conceivable that Apple might experiment with it down the road. 
 
 An apple device with a curved display would be a pretty nice phone- going by Apple's standards. I'm utterly enamored with the curve design of the s7 edge, although I think the curves are pretty redundant in terms of functionality within the OS- just my opinion. It only makes it look better. Who knows, maybe Apple might make better use of it, hypothetically speaking.; Word on the street is that Apple has turned to Samsung to produce Amoled displays for its forthcoming range of iPhones. Now, I stand to be corrected, but I think the curve is only achievable with Amoled technology. With that in mind, if the rumors of Apple's plan to ditch LCDs in favor of LEDs turn out to be true, then It seems conceivable that Apple might experiment with it down the road.; An apple device with a curved display would be a pretty nice phone- going by Apple's standards. I'm utterly enamored with the curve design of the s7 edge, although I think the curves are pretty redundant in terms of functionality within the OS- just my opinion. It only makes it look better. Who knows, maybe Apple might make better use of it, hypothetically speaking.
Anonymous, 06 Jul 2016The screen glass is bad quality so prone to scratches big ones and 100's web like tiny scratches. That's an observation I can't dispute as I just don't use my phones without a screen protector. I urge you to always invest in a screen protector (preferably a tempered glass screen protector) whenever you get a new phone.; That's an observation I can't dispute as I just don't use my phones without a screen protector. I urge you to always invest in a screen protector (preferably a tempered glass screen protector) whenever you get a new phone.
ThePhoneDude, 03 Jul 2016I honestly don't understand how many can say this phone is subpar. If you must know, I had a 1... moreThe screen glass is bad quality so prone to scratches big ones and 100's web like tiny scratches.; The screen glass is bad quality so prone to scratches big ones and 100's web like tiny scratches.
Have you ever thought what is apple released a edge phone, wouldn't that be great?; Have you ever thought what is apple released a edge phone, wouldn't that be great?
I honestly don't understand how many can say this phone is subpar. If you must know, I had a 16gb plus sized version of this phone but the limited memory space necessitated a change and I opted for a 64gb iPhone 6. 
 
 I have been using this phone for about 2 months now, and I used my 6plus prior to this for a little over a year. It's a very consistent phone; consistent in the sense that it does everything bug and lag free all of the time. The same can't be said about many android alternatives. Moreover, the phone is still capable amidst the 
 more recent smartphones, including the 6s - if you look past the few gimmicks like 3D Touch and Live Photos. It goes without saying, the 6s is a more powerful device but the 6 is no slouch either, even after almost two years from its release. The camera is on point, display is on point, although I prefer the 1080p on the 6plus, design is impeccable. This phone is a beaut!
 
 I'm just one happy user. Apple made a gem with this, and now they've got everyone wondering how they could possibly improve on the design, as well as the initial reception of acclamation the 6 was met with- the 6s was majorly recycled- with the imminent announcement of the iPhone 7.; I honestly don't understand how many can say this phone is subpar. If you must know, I had a 16gb plus sized version of this phone but the limited memory space necessitated a change and I opted for a 64gb iPhone 6.; I have been using this phone for about 2 months now, and I used my 6plus prior to this for a little over a year. It's a very consistent phone; consistent in the sense that it does everything bug and lag free all of the time. The same can't be said about many android alternatives. Moreover, the phone is still capable amidst the; more recent smartphones, including the 6s - if you look past the few gimmicks like 3D Touch and Live Photos. It goes without saying, the 6s is a more powerful device but the 6 is no slouch either, even after almost two years from its release. The camera is on point, display is on point, although I prefer the 1080p on the 6plus, design is impeccable. This phone is a beaut!; I'm just one happy user. Apple made a gem with this, and now they've got everyone wondering how they could possibly improve on the design, as well as the initial reception of acclamation the 6 was met with- the 6s was majorly recycled- with the imminent announcement of the iPhone 7.
iphone se or iphone 6? ip6 such a pricey; iphone se or iphone 6? ip6 such a pricey
Nat, 28 Jun 2016This is by far the worst phone I have ever purchased. It constantly closes apps, refreshes saf... moreI think u buy the refurbished one..my iphone 6 got no problem,iam a heavy user,i have all instan messaging and manage online shop eeverything on my iphone 6,post an advertise,upload image no problem,no glitch,no error.or u have a defect one.iphone is flawless u know; I think u buy the refurbished one..my iphone 6 got no problem,iam a heavy user,i have all instan messaging and manage online shop eeverything on my iphone 6,post an advertise,upload image no problem,no glitch,no error.or u have a defect one.iphone is flawless u know
Nat, 28 Jun 2016This is by far the worst phone I have ever purchased. It constantly closes apps, refreshes saf... moreMy screen is covered in micro scratches , ion glass its rubbish and I am not alone its disgusting at this price.; My screen is covered in micro scratches , ion glass its rubbish and I am not alone its disgusting at this price.
Lalit, 29 Jun 2016When will iOS 10 beta 2 will be come out as I m using beta 1 it's too much leggy & apps cr... moreAround mid-july public beta will be available. You should'nt have updated. Try downgrading to 9.3.2; Around mid-july public beta will be available. You should'nt have updated. Try downgrading to 9.3.2
iPhone 5s or iPhone 6? Is it worth it to upgrade?; iPhone 5s or iPhone 6? Is it worth it to upgrade?
Samsung a7 2016 is good or iphone 6; Samsung a7 2016 is good or iphone 6
When will iOS 10 beta 2 will be come out as I m using beta 1 it's too much leggy & apps crashing always.
 TIA; When will iOS 10 beta 2 will be come out as I m using beta 1 it's too much leggy & apps crashing always.; TIA
That's amazing; That's amazing
This is by far the worst phone I have ever purchased. It constantly closes apps, refreshes safari webpages to where it gets frustrating even trying to use it, and now I just tried to update it, and it froze and now is it "restore" mode, this has happened twice now! I shouldn't have to run into so many errors with one phone especially when I try to update it in hopes that it will be fixed, and it crashes AGAIN!!! I will NEVER buy another iPhone or apple product again. Stick with Android, it doesn't have issues like this.; This is by far the worst phone I have ever purchased. It constantly closes apps, refreshes safari webpages to where it gets frustrating even trying to use it, and now I just tried to update it, and it froze and now is it "restore" mode, this has happened twice now! I shouldn't have to run into so many errors with one phone especially when I try to update it in hopes that it will be fixed, and it crashes AGAIN!!! I will NEVER buy another iPhone or apple product again. Stick with Android, it doesn't have issues like this.
A good Security system has a flexible and optimized surveillance system that is light and easily accessible. Strantin ip camera software uses the latest technology to give you the tools you need to protect and prevent.; A good Security system has a flexible and optimized surveillance system that is light and easily accessible. Strantin ip camera software uses the latest technology to give you the tools you need to protect and prevent.
Iamdumb, 24 Jun 2016Iphone 6 or samsung s6 or edge? which one is betteri phone 6; i phone 6
Iamdumb, 24 Jun 2016Iphone 6 or samsung s6 or edge? which one is betteriphone 6; iphone 6
Iamdumb, 24 Jun 2016Iphone 6 or samsung s6 or edge? which one is betterI would go for a samsung but not samsung s6, so s5 or s7 i would say, but it depends on your needs...; I would go for a samsung but not samsung s6, so s5 or s7 i would say, but it depends on your needs...
Iamdumb, 24 Jun 2016Iphone 6 or samsung s6 or edge? which one is betterS6 Is far more better.I have bought IPhone and now I am very upset by its battery timing and camera; S6 Is far more better.I have bought IPhone and now I am very upset by its battery timing and camera
Amy023, 23 Jun 2016I had a blue iPhone 5c for two years and in those two years, I almost never had a single probl... moreCan u help me; Can u help me
Iphone 6 or samsung s6 or edge? which one is better; Iphone 6 or samsung s6 or edge? which one is better
battery life too less and lack of updates ..the phones good in rest of the fields; battery life too less and lack of updates ..the phones good in rest of the fields
Beny, 18 Jun 2016Hi ppl, i am new to iOS - i'm going to buy iphone 6 64gb one - plz guide me shall i go for it ... moreApple iPhone 6 is good phone than other but you have to go to htc one m9+; Apple iPhone 6 is good phone than other but you have to go to htc one m9+
Amy023, 23 Jun 2016I had a blue iPhone 5c for two years and in those two years, I almost never had a single probl... moreAndroid is made to work but not to work good contrariwise iOS. Apple happens to make both hardware and software for each other.; Android is made to work but not to work good contrariwise iOS. Apple happens to make both hardware and software for each other.
I had a blue iPhone 5c for two years and in those two years, I almost never had a single problem with it with the exception that it had to go in for a repair once because it wouldn't switch on but I think it's just because the battery was just extremely flat and my charger didn't want to make a good contact with the charging block. I now own a Samsung Galaxy S7, I have only had it for two weeks but I am already getting rid of it to go back to iPhone and back onto the IOS operating system because I like it so much so this is just my opinion but I think iPhone and the IOS operating system are way more unique than the generic Android operating system. I would strongly recommend anyone to get an iPhone if money is not an issue and you are looking for a strong, solid phone that won't give you any problems unless handled incorrectly.; I had a blue iPhone 5c for two years and in those two years, I almost never had a single problem with it with the exception that it had to go in for a repair once because it wouldn't switch on but I think it's just because the battery was just extremely flat and my charger didn't want to make a good contact with the charging block. I now own a Samsung Galaxy S7, I have only had it for two weeks but I am already getting rid of it to go back to iPhone and back onto the IOS operating system because I like it so much so this is just my opinion but I think iPhone and the IOS operating system are way more unique than the generic Android operating system. I would strongly recommend anyone to get an iPhone if money is not an issue and you are looking for a strong, solid phone that won't give you any problems unless handled incorrectly.
Anonymous, 22 Jun 2016With the next iPhone not much different to 6s and 6s not much different to 6 may as well save ... moreThat's what I did. 
 Just recently switched from Android to iOS, Samsung Galaxy S6 to iPhone 6. 
 6 is more than and good enough for my day to day usage.
 Just though of trying out iOS, plus I'm not a specs hungry user. Unlike people who always likes to compare iOS and Android in terms of specs, which is a no brainer.
 So far so good, pretty much user friendly UI and user experience.; That's what I did.; Just recently switched from Android to iOS, Samsung Galaxy S6 to iPhone 6.; 6 is more than and good enough for my day to day usage.; Just though of trying out iOS, plus I'm not a specs hungry user. Unlike people who always likes to compare iOS and Android in terms of specs, which is a no brainer.; So far so good, pretty much user friendly UI and user experience.
With the next iPhone not much different to 6s and 6s not much different to 6 may as well save loads money and buy 6.; With the next iPhone not much different to 6s and 6s not much different to 6 may as well save loads money and buy 6.
Dear guys
 I have been noticed with some serious touch problem with my iphone 6 64 gb. Automatic menu opening and automatic scrolling and even sometimes no response from screen 
 I replaced my phone but still 
 I hate this phone; Dear guys; I have been noticed with some serious touch problem with my iphone 6 64 gb. Automatic menu opening and automatic scrolling and even sometimes no response from screen; I replaced my phone but still; I hate this phone
Kutya, 02 Jun 2016If you mentioned sari the first time I can forgive you but you mentioned it the second time in... moreR8; R8
Shan, 12 Jun 2016I want to buy iphone 6. What is the difference between iphone 6 and 6s ? Is the iphone 6 camer... moreHi, I just got the 6 a few days ago, I think that the camera quality is really good and you can shoot 1080p at 60 frames, I even uploaded a few videos on my pc and the filming quality is simply amazing on this 8 megapixel camera, photos are great too. If you want more, watch this video. 
 https://youtu.be/61TAqY03xwk?t=5m46s; Hi, I just got the 6 a few days ago, I think that the camera quality is really good and you can shoot 1080p at 60 frames, I even uploaded a few videos on my pc and the filming quality is simply amazing on this 8 megapixel camera, photos are great too. If you want more, watch this video.
Anonymous, 20 Feb 2016no Why pls ?; Why pls ?
Derey, 08 Jun 2016Hi folks if not iphone 6 what other Android phones can stand near to it? If you wanna save some serious money get xiaomi mi 5 it's a beast that costs 370$ for the 64gb version and the accessories that xiaomi make are dirt cheap and have good quality; If you wanna save some serious money get xiaomi mi 5 it's a beast that costs 370$ for the 64gb version and the accessories that xiaomi make are dirt cheap and have good quality
its gooooooooooddddddd..cam..battery normal use its ok..; its gooooooooooddddddd..cam..battery normal use its ok..
mikemcg93, 15 Jun 2016iPhone 6 Stats: Display: 4.7" 1334x750 pixel resolution Battery: 1800Mah Camera : 8MP (rear... moreDont compare specs, iOS on iPhone is super optimized. Till last year iPhone had only 1 GB RAM and yet all apps were running well. Unlike in Android more RAM, CPU is required for better experience. Apple devices sell well not because of best hardware specs but because of user experience and ease of use. Even in Android world you will find best specs but poor user experience phone. So having best specs really doesnt mean best user experience.; Dont compare specs, iOS on iPhone is super optimized. Till last year iPhone had only 1 GB RAM and yet all apps were running well. Unlike in Android more RAM, CPU is required for better experience. Apple devices sell well not because of best hardware specs but because of user experience and ease of use. Even in Android world you will find best specs but poor user experience phone. So having best specs really doesnt mean best user experience.
Hi ppl, i am new to iOS - i'm going to buy iphone 6 64gb one - plz guide me shall i go for it or to go for some other phones; Hi ppl, i am new to iOS - i'm going to buy iphone 6 64gb one - plz guide me shall i go for it or to go for some other phones
Audi, 09 Jun 2016I'm using I phone 6..... It is really an awesome phone i have ever found...... The quality of... moreWat about battery life? 6s; Wat about battery life? 6s
Shan, 12 Jun 2016I want to buy iphone 6. What is the difference between iphone 6 and 6s ? Is the iphone 6 camer... moreIPhone 6 is iphone 5s but shape like 6, but iphone 6s is almost different in everything, in camera, chipset, ram, battery life.; IPhone 6 is iphone 5s but shape like 6, but iphone 6s is almost different in everything, in camera, chipset, ram, battery life.
iPhone 6 Stats:
 Display: 4.7" 1334x750 pixel resolution
 Battery: 1800Mah
 Camera : 8MP (rear) 1.2MP (front)
 RAM: 1GB
 
 Hauwei Mate 8 Stats:
 Display 6" Full HD 1920x1080 pixel resolution
 Battery: 4000MaH
 Camera: 16MP (rear) 8MP (front)
 RAM: 4GB
 2 Sim Slots; iPhone 6 Stats:; Display: 4.7" 1334x750 pixel resolution; Battery: 1800Mah; Camera : 8MP (rear) 1.2MP (front); RAM: 1GB; Hauwei Mate 8 Stats:; Display 6" Full HD 1920x1080 pixel resolution; Battery: 4000MaH; Camera: 16MP (rear) 8MP (front); RAM: 4GB; 2 Sim Slots
Audi, 09 Jun 2016I'm using I phone 6..... It is really an awesome phone i have ever found...... The quality of... moreI'm using I phone 6..... It is really an awesome phone i have ever found......
 The quality of the phone is really nice, camera and videoz are cool
 Slow-mo option is an interesting thing in this phone.
 Speaker are more natural than android
 Display is very large and clear
 Over-all it's very handy phone..
 
 The iPhone 6 is not awesome. There are much better phones out there made my Huawei and other chinese brands which are also cheaper. The hype over Apple is mind numbing and boring. It's like we're told its great and everyone just seems to believe it lol.; I'm using I phone 6..... It is really an awesome phone i have ever found......; The quality of the phone is really nice, camera and videoz are cool; Slow-mo option is an interesting thing in this phone.; Speaker are more natural than android; Display is very large and clear; Over-all it's very handy phone..; The iPhone 6 is not awesome. There are much better phones out there made my Huawei and other chinese brands which are also cheaper. The hype over Apple is mind numbing and boring. It's like we're told its great and everyone just seems to believe it lol.
Shan, 12 Jun 2016I want to buy iphone 6. What is the difference between iphone 6 and 6s ? Is the iphone 6 camer... moreGet a Huawei Mate 8, much better phones and cheaper too. Compare the specs and you will see how much better the Huawei Mate 8 is, in comparison to the iPhone 6.; Get a Huawei Mate 8, much better phones and cheaper too. Compare the specs and you will see how much better the Huawei Mate 8 is, in comparison to the iPhone 6.
Shan, 12 Jun 2016I want to buy iphone 6. What is the difference between iphone 6 and 6s ? Is the iphone 6 camer... moreThe most important thing is 6s faster processor and better camera. But homestly, I have a 6 and I dont feel like I need to upgrade at all, its perfect. If you want to save yourself a few bucks go for the 6 without a doubt.; The most important thing is 6s faster processor and better camera. But homestly, I have a 6 and I dont feel like I need to upgrade at all, its perfect. If you want to save yourself a few bucks go for the 6 without a doubt.
Shan, 12 Jun 2016I want to buy iphone 6. What is the difference between iphone 6 and 6s ? Is the iphone 6 camer... moreyes it is my friend.; yes it is my friend.
Hey guys pls help me which one is better iPhone 5s r iPhone 6 because nothing change except the screen size and the software !! Pls suggest me that which one is better; Hey guys pls help me which one is better iPhone 5s r iPhone 6 because nothing change except the screen size and the software !! Pls suggest me that which one is better
I want to buy iphone 6. What is the difference between iphone 6 and 6s ? Is the iphone 6 camera had bad quality? Suggest me friends please; I want to buy iphone 6. What is the difference between iphone 6 and 6s ? Is the iphone 6 camera had bad quality? Suggest me friends please
nagendra, 05 Jun 2016My doubt is Will it supports the OTG pen drive to thisya it supports otg but u must dowlnoad app frm appstore named ifiles n u can access it over pendrive but the otg cable is quite costly n u have to spend around 600-650 rs n purchase it online if not available in normal retailers; ya it supports otg but u must dowlnoad app frm appstore named ifiles n u can access it over pendrive but the otg cable is quite costly n u have to spend around 600-650 rs n purchase it online if not available in normal retailers
worst battery backup; worst battery backup
Anonymous, 09 Jun 2016I regret switching to an iPhone every day. It's not the out dated processor or the camera that... moreI totally agree. Worst thing ever. I would even take my blackberry of years ago over this phone. All the hype. Always advertising something. All those whistles. And no battery to back up using them. Too many steps to do one thing. On the blackberry wanted to save something Just click save for that particular item. 
 
 Being tiring to change password. Because when put in stated not valid. So far tonight. I have chafed it 6 times. And comes back each time. Not valid. 
 
 I could go on and on. As they say. Be careful of what u wish for Well this is applied to this phone. Hate strong word. But it is what is it is. Horrible; I totally agree. Worst thing ever. I would even take my blackberry of years ago over this phone. All the hype. Always advertising something. All those whistles. And no battery to back up using them. Too many steps to do one thing. On the blackberry wanted to save something Just click save for that particular item.; Being tiring to change password. Because when put in stated not valid. So far tonight. I have chafed it 6 times. And comes back each time. Not valid.; I could go on and on. As they say. Be careful of what u wish for Well this is applied to this phone. Hate strong word. But it is what is it is. Horrible
of course the new samsung s7; of course the new samsung s7
I'm using I phone 6..... It is really an awesome phone i have ever found......
 The quality of the phone is really nice, camera and videoz are cool
 Slow-mo option is an interesting thing in this phone.
 Speaker are more natural than android
 Display is very large and clear
 Over-all it's very handy phone..; I'm using I phone 6..... It is really an awesome phone i have ever found......; The quality of the phone is really nice, camera and videoz are cool; Slow-mo option is an interesting thing in this phone.; Speaker are more natural than android; Display is very large and clear; Over-all it's very handy phone..
I regret switching to an iPhone every day. It's not the out dated processor or the camera that is so bad- it's iOS. It's incredibly buggy and annoying. Chances are, if you have snapchat open with a couple other apps than your phone will crash and lag a lot. While that's annoying, it's not nearly as bad as the pestering nonifications about the new iOS update that came out. Every day if asks you to upgrade and if you say no it asks you if you're sure. This happens every 24 hours. This may sound not so bad but when you're texting someone and it happens every damn day it gets really frustrating and annoying. Overall I would never recommend and iPhone to anyone ever.; I regret switching to an iPhone every day. It's not the out dated processor or the camera that is so bad- it's iOS. It's incredibly buggy and annoying. Chances are, if you have snapchat open with a couple other apps than your phone will crash and lag a lot. While that's annoying, it's not nearly as bad as the pestering nonifications about the new iOS update that came out. Every day if asks you to upgrade and if you say no it asks you if you're sure. This happens every 24 hours. This may sound not so bad but when you're texting someone and it happens every damn day it gets really frustrating and annoying. Overall I would never recommend and iPhone to anyone ever.
Hi folks if not iphone 6 what other Android phones can stand near to it?; Hi folks if not iphone 6 what other Android phones can stand near to it?
Buella , 01 Jun 2016Hi friends, I was an Android user, planning to buy this iphone 6 - 64GB varainat. Plz clari... moreYes the battery backup is enough for one day 
 Both front and rear cameras are way better than android phones 
 Yes you can install apps like photo editing (pics art ) from app store
 Speakers give more natural sound than other android phones 
 if you love base more apple headphones provided within the box will not be good for you; Yes the battery backup is enough for one day; Both front and rear cameras are way better than android phones; Yes you can install apps like photo editing (pics art ) from app store; Speakers give more natural sound than other android phones; if you love base more apple headphones provided within the box will not be good for you
the biggest drawback is base model 16gb.; the biggest drawback is base model 16gb.
SriNithiSelwyn, 15 May 2016Hi, I am currently using iPhone 5c . I want to upgrade myself to a higher level. So I am plann... morebuy iphone 5s super camera very fast performance and batery performance also too good buy it; buy iphone 5s super camera very fast performance and batery performance also too good buy it
Grace full phone. Once used, always try.; Grace full phone. Once used, always try.
Very Grace full phone. Once used, always try.; Very Grace full phone. Once used, always try.
hemant, 05 Jun 2016hey guys!! Im going to buy phone which one is better samsung galaxy A5(2016) or iphone 6?? android for overall customization and phone dev 
 iphone for performance and hardware; android for overall customization and phone dev; iphone for performance and hardware
hi . i want buy a new phone . so i have a few phone in my mind . sony xperia m5, huawei p9, oppo f1 plus, iphone 6, xiaomi mi5, samsung galaxy a7 2016 ... overall which one is the best?; hi . i want buy a new phone . so i have a few phone in my mind . sony xperia m5, huawei p9, oppo f1 plus, iphone 6, xiaomi mi5, samsung galaxy a7 2016 ... overall which one is the best?
My doubt is Will it supports the OTG pen drive to this; My doubt is Will it supports the OTG pen drive to this
hey guys!! Im going to buy phone which one is better samsung galaxy A5(2016) or iphone 6??; hey guys!! Im going to buy phone which one is better samsung galaxy A5(2016) or iphone 6??
its nice am using it but it has one problem that apps sometimes not be dowload with many space also :] but good phone; its nice am using it but it has one problem that apps sometimes not be dowload with many space also :] but good phone
Zeehan, 03 Jun 2016I have an iPhone 6 128gb. I have a storage of 118gb but, my friend have 114gb only.. Is it happens? Yes, he stored data on it; Yes, he stored data on it
Hey guys, i use ip6 64gb and buy from Switch. I just used 1 year 2 month my ip6 freeze screen. I sent to Switch back for repairing. Them charge me rm100 for repair and service. Unfortunately, I just used 2 day only and my ip6 freeze screen again. What should I do? I don't want pay more again.; Hey guys, i use ip6 64gb and buy from Switch. I just used 1 year 2 month my ip6 freeze screen. I sent to Switch back for repairing. Them charge me rm100 for repair and service. Unfortunately, I just used 2 day only and my ip6 freeze screen again. What should I do? I don't want pay more again.
hearty, 31 May 2016there is no such thing as iphone 6+... and it's SIRI not SARI..... I don't think you own one.. LOL:)No there is an iPhone 6+; No there is an iPhone 6+
I have an iPhone 6 128gb. I have a storage of 118gb but, my friend have 114gb only.. Is it happens?; I have an iPhone 6 128gb. I have a storage of 118gb but, my friend have 114gb only.. Is it happens?
I have an iPhone 6 128gb. I have a storage of 118gb but, my friend have 114gb only.. Is it happens?; I have an iPhone 6 128gb. I have a storage of 118gb but, my friend have 114gb only.. Is it happens?
My iphone 6 doesn't have imovie and all apps pre installed even after it is 64 gb. Anyone can tell what can I do rather buying them; My iphone 6 doesn't have imovie and all apps pre installed even after it is 64 gb. Anyone can tell what can I do rather buying them
RawManRaines, 30 May 2016The iphone 6+ is the worst product ever owned! Not only does it have the worst and highest rad... moreIf you mentioned sari the first time I can forgive you but you mentioned it the second time instead of Siri the correct one it's too obvious that you're just a Samsung fan so don't fool US thank you; If you mentioned sari the first time I can forgive you but you mentioned it the second time instead of Siri the correct one it's too obvious that you're just a Samsung fan so don't fool US thank you
Buella , 01 Jun 2016Hi friends, I was an Android user, planning to buy this iphone 6 - 64GB varainat. Plz clari... moreIam using iphone 6
 All apps&games available apple
 Good sound and earphones; Iam using iphone 6; All apps&games available apple; Good sound and earphones
Hi friends,
 I was an Android user, planning to buy this iphone 6 - 64GB varainat. 
 Plz clarify my doubts. (a) Will the battery lasts for a whole day (b) Is the both front and rear camera are good ? (c) Is there any applicaions like PicsArt(photo editing), True Caller, Test editor, xl, Pdf reader, Offline maps and some good clarity games ? (d) How is the sound in headset and speakers? (e) Is it water resistant? 
 help me plz .... thank yu friends.; Hi friends,; I was an Android user, planning to buy this iphone 6 - 64GB varainat.; Plz clarify my doubts. (a) Will the battery lasts for a whole day (b) Is the both front and rear camera are good ? (c) Is there any applicaions like PicsArt(photo editing), True Caller, Test editor, xl, Pdf reader, Offline maps and some good clarity games ? (d) How is the sound in headset and speakers? (e) Is it water resistant?; help me plz .... thank yu friends.
RawManRaines, 30 May 2016The iphone 6+ is the worst product ever owned! Not only does it have the worst and highest rad... morethere is no such thing as iphone 6+... and it's SIRI not SARI..... I don't think you own one.. LOL:); there is no such thing as iphone 6+... and it's SIRI not SARI..... I don't think you own one.. LOL:)
RawManRaines, 30 May 2016The iphone 6+ is the worst product ever owned! Not only does it have the worst and highest rad... moreit's siri not sari.... hahaha lol :); it's siri not sari.... hahaha lol :)
The iphone 6+ is the worst product ever owned! Not only does it have the worst and highest radiation output, sari should have a name change to sorry - as it says sorry more than any other phrase - 
 Apple keeps putting out garbage I know because I have been a fan for a long time! No more! 
 my next phone will be a Samsung which has the lowest radiation output on the market. 
 
 Also I have a macbook pro my 4th mac and again thee WORST - I have had more service work done on it than any of my past models - 
 You'll notice the Apple Stores are nowhere as busy as they used to be - for good reason they have gone way downhill and their products are made in china too! One bad thing after the other! 
 The good thing is they have made me want to do way more research and ask way more questions before I buy anything any more - Quality and Customer Service are King !!! 
 Hope this helps you not to make the same mistakes as I have - I also hope Apple will fix sari as their voice system is REALLY BAD!!!; The iphone 6+ is the worst product ever owned! Not only does it have the worst and highest radiation output, sari should have a name change to sorry - as it says sorry more than any other phrase -; Apple keeps putting out garbage I know because I have been a fan for a long time! No more!; my next phone will be a Samsung which has the lowest radiation output on the market.; Also I have a macbook pro my 4th mac and again thee WORST - I have had more service work done on it than any of my past models -; You'll notice the Apple Stores are nowhere as busy as they used to be - for good reason they have gone way downhill and their products are made in china too! One bad thing after the other!; The good thing is they have made me want to do way more research and ask way more questions before I buy anything any more - Quality and Customer Service are King !!!; Hope this helps you not to make the same mistakes as I have - I also hope Apple will fix sari as their voice system is REALLY BAD!!!
SriNithiSelwyn, 15 May 2016Hi, I am currently using iPhone 5c . I want to upgrade myself to a higher level. So I am plann... moreGo for iPhone 6 for clarity and big screen. It's totally waste of money for 6s. Only difference better camera and 3D touch .; Go for iPhone 6 for clarity and big screen. It's totally waste of money for 6s. Only difference better camera and 3D touch .
jasko, 24 May 2016I have mine currently on iOS 9.2.1, what do you guys think should i update it to 9.3.2 and is ... more9.3.1 and above got a cool function named Wifi Calling on setting.; 9.3.1 and above got a cool function named Wifi Calling on setting.
Anonymous, 22 May 2016Horrid. I bought an i6 and received voicemails the next day and then had voicemails but kept a... morecall your service provider and ask for your voicemail passcode or password. usually it's the last four digits of your phone number, but to make sure you could verify it with your service provider. If they don't have the information, ask them to reset your voicemail passcode.....; call your service provider and ask for your voicemail passcode or password. usually it's the last four digits of your phone number, but to make sure you could verify it with your service provider. If they don't have the information, ask them to reset your voicemail passcode.....
TechMech, 19 May 2016The Iphone 6 is quite over rated. It has simple benefits that please the community. The dogma ... moreLOL!!!! An Apple a day keeps the doctor AWAY.. hhhahaha; LOL!!!! An Apple a day keeps the doctor AWAY.. hhhahaha
Charley, 20 May 2016If not iphone 6 /6s which option to go ???If size not an issue iPhone SE; If size not an issue iPhone SE
I have mine currently on iOS 9.2.1, what do you guys think should i update it to 9.3.2 and is it worth it?; I have mine currently on iOS 9.2.1, what do you guys think should i update it to 9.3.2 and is it worth it?
My fone is getting froze more often did resetting and also restoring can some body help me; My fone is getting froze more often did resetting and also restoring can some body help me
SriNithiSelwyn, 15 May 2016Hi, I am currently using iPhone 5c . I want to upgrade myself to a higher level. So I am plann... morego iPhone 6 good battery life & good camera.; go iPhone 6 good battery life & good camera.
Latest update on Apple IOS - COMPLETELY deletes all information stored in the calendar and events. This has happened twice today. Apple, please do a little more test bed work before you release such rubbish. FIXES I dont think so....???; Latest update on Apple IOS - COMPLETELY deletes all information stored in the calendar and events. This has happened twice today. Apple, please do a little more test bed work before you release such rubbish. FIXES I dont think so....???
what is icloud?? if I buy used iPhone(second hand) then can I delete old owners icloud ID and passcode and set up my own icloud id n passcode ? 
 
 n is it same with Apple id and passcode ? 
 
 plz give me brief information as I hv no idea about icloud and ios . 
 
 thank you in advance; what is icloud?? if I buy used iPhone(second hand) then can I delete old owners icloud ID and passcode and set up my own icloud id n passcode ?; n is it same with Apple id and passcode ?; plz give me brief information as I hv no idea about icloud and ios .; thank you in advance
Horrid. I bought an i6 and received voicemails the next day and then had voicemails but kept asking for a passcode where before I did not have to have a passcode. Was transferred to four ppl and the last one said it was best to go back to the store to get problem fixed. I did not do anything to the phone so why was it all of sudden asking for a passcode and no one could fix this problem? Very disappointed; Horrid. I bought an i6 and received voicemails the next day and then had voicemails but kept asking for a passcode where before I did not have to have a passcode. Was transferred to four ppl and the last one said it was best to go back to the store to get problem fixed. I did not do anything to the phone so why was it all of sudden asking for a passcode and no one could fix this problem? Very disappointed
SYIRA92, 19 May 2016i want to complaint. why my iphone6 the screen suddenly cant touch. im very disappointed with... moreSay iPhone6 one more time i dont think anyone knows what phone you have! Is it the iPhone6?; Say iPhone6 one more time i dont think anyone knows what phone you have! Is it the iPhone6?
Charley, 20 May 2016If not iphone 6 /6s which option to go ???iphone 6s+; iphone 6s+
TechMech, 19 May 2016The Iphone 6 is quite over rated. It has simple benefits that please the community. The dogma ... moreLol im 16; Lol im 16
If not iphone 6 /6s which option to go ???; If not iphone 6 /6s which option to go ???
John Dee , 19 May 2016Been waiting an update to fix the bugs and it arrived just days ago. And so i did an update to... moreHey john dee since you are a filipino and i trust filipino so it trust your word to update my i6 to latest OS but how come i cannot heat sounds or music sound to my game shadow fight 2 before its not like this NOW ive to use a headset just to the sound. Do you experience the same huh john dee?; Hey john dee since you are a filipino and i trust filipino so it trust your word to update my i6 to latest OS but how come i cannot heat sounds or music sound to my game shadow fight 2 before its not like this NOW ive to use a headset just to the sound. Do you experience the same huh john dee?
The Iphone 6 is quite over rated. It has simple benefits that please the community. The dogma that Apple always makes amazing phones is untrue. The battery dies too quickly, The camera is lacking in MP. I am a proud HTC fan and as i can see from some previous comments, Apple users are generally teens. I admit, its very VERY practical and i dont blame those who buy it for that. But if you want something different, (sadly the new HTC one 10 or whatever its new flagship is called, looks way too much like an iphone and they ditched the round back) id say the new nexus, HTC, and samsung phones are definitely for you. 6/10 to the iphone 6; The Iphone 6 is quite over rated. It has simple benefits that please the community. The dogma that Apple always makes amazing phones is untrue. The battery dies too quickly, The camera is lacking in MP. I am a proud HTC fan and as i can see from some previous comments, Apple users are generally teens. I admit, its very VERY practical and i dont blame those who buy it for that. But if you want something different, (sadly the new HTC one 10 or whatever its new flagship is called, looks way too much like an iphone and they ditched the round back) id say the new nexus, HTC, and samsung phones are definitely for you. 6/10 to the iphone 6
i want to complaint. why my iphone6 the screen suddenly cant touch. im very disappointed with this brand (iphone6) bcoz this is my 1st time used iphone6 and now the screen cant touch. even somebody call me also cant touch to pickup the phone. im soooo disappointed with iphone 6!; i want to complaint. why my iphone6 the screen suddenly cant touch. im very disappointed with this brand (iphone6) bcoz this is my 1st time used iphone6 and now the screen cant touch. even somebody call me also cant touch to pickup the phone. im soooo disappointed with iphone 6!
I like it a lot, although it still tends to overheat a lot like the iPhone 4. Also wish the battery life was longer. Feels like im just using a iPhone 5s.; I like it a lot, although it still tends to overheat a lot like the iPhone 4. Also wish the battery life was longer. Feels like im just using a iPhone 5s.
Iphone 6 or iphone 5s?; Iphone 6 or iphone 5s?
You are wrong. I am poor but I love I-phone. I have no I-phone yet. I-phone is good for doing some tricks.; You are wrong. I am poor but I love I-phone. I have no I-phone yet. I-phone is good for doing some tricks.
Been waiting an update to fix the bugs and it arrived just days ago. And so i did an update to 9.3.2 to my iphone 6. I can tell you now go on update your units my battery from 9.3.1 was suck but now it back to the 'brand new' estate it was fixed. The heat bug was also fixed. Now my iphone 6 is at good as a brand new one. Thanks to the latest version of iOS. Mabuhay!!!!; Been waiting an update to fix the bugs and it arrived just days ago. And so i did an update to 9.3.2 to my iphone 6. I can tell you now go on update your units my battery from 9.3.1 was suck but now it back to the 'brand new' estate it was fixed. The heat bug was also fixed. Now my iphone 6 is at good as a brand new one. Thanks to the latest version of iOS. Mabuhay!!!!
The iPhone is definitely the best phone in the world , many people who are poor and can not buy one hate it, but when they will have one love , android sucks; The iPhone is definitely the best phone in the world , many people who are poor and can not buy one hate it, but when they will have one love , android sucks
Anonymous, 16 May 2016iPhone 6 is a laggy peice of crap, Safari uses 90% of your battery and it won't even last a da... moreI'm having the same issues right now. I went to the Apple Store and after 90 minutes during which time they were: 1 . Going to replace the phone, 2. Going to repair it in-house and finally, 3. send it to depot for repair. Used to be they could do these repairs in-house but now we have to be subjected to sending the phone out and dealing with a piece of crap loaner while Apple saves money on repairs. The high cost of their products as been off-set by great service . . . . that is no longer the case and they are no better than Samsung or Android.; I'm having the same issues right now. I went to the Apple Store and after 90 minutes during which time they were: 1 . Going to replace the phone, 2. Going to repair it in-house and finally, 3. send it to depot for repair. Used to be they could do these repairs in-house but now we have to be subjected to sending the phone out and dealing with a piece of crap loaner while Apple saves money on repairs. The high cost of their products as been off-set by great service . . . . that is no longer the case and they are no better than Samsung or Android.
iphone is the best nf; iphone is the best nf
SriNithiSelwyn, 15 May 2016Hi, I am currently using iPhone 5c . I want to upgrade myself to a higher level. So I am plann... moreif you dont care about screen size, then go ip se, fresh spec and good bttery backup but old design.. the price also different between ip6 and se.. dont take ip5s, too old spec.. if dont have too much money then go ip 5s :); if you dont care about screen size, then go ip se, fresh spec and good bttery backup but old design.. the price also different between ip6 and se.. dont take ip5s, too old spec.. if dont have too much money then go ip 5s :)
Anonymous, 16 May 2016iPhone 6 is a laggy peice of crap, Safari uses 90% of your battery and it won't even last a da... moredownload ipsw of your phone, then restore it using itunes, hope it will go fine; download ipsw of your phone, then restore it using itunes, hope it will go fine
Anonymous, 16 May 2016iPhone 6 is a laggy peice of crap, Safari uses 90% of your battery and it won't even last a da... moredude the iphone is the better phone ever built, you never gonna have any problem, this guy is a hater; dude the iphone is the better phone ever built, you never gonna have any problem, this guy is a hater
Charley, 12 May 2016Hi folks, I like to buy this phone - plz clear my following queries. #1 I'm hardcore music fr... moreiPhone 6 is a laggy peice of crap, Safari uses 90% of your battery and it won't even last a day on a full charge, even with no apps open the phone still lags and freezes sometimes, I am certain the phone is constantly running background processes that use up data even when all apps are closed. Don't waste your money on an iPhone buy any android phone it will be better in almost every aspect.; iPhone 6 is a laggy peice of crap, Safari uses 90% of your battery and it won't even last a day on a full charge, even with no apps open the phone still lags and freezes sometimes, I am certain the phone is constantly running background processes that use up data even when all apps are closed. Don't waste your money on an iPhone buy any android phone it will be better in almost every aspect.
SriNithiSelwyn, 15 May 2016Hi, I am currently using iPhone 5c . I want to upgrade myself to a higher level. So I am plann... moredude just move on to 6s.whatever the smartphone you own you will probably hold the battery for a whole day.anyway 6s camera is not crap.best front cam in the flags imo.what I find is that 3d touch is totally useless.or u should be better off with an iPhone 6.i am currently using iPhone 6 and I can say it is a pretty balanced phone.nice 8mp shooter.slomos.u got every thing except 12mp rear,5mp front,3d touch and newer chipset for lower price or just go for se; dude just move on to 6s.whatever the smartphone you own you will probably hold the battery for a whole day.anyway 6s camera is not crap.best front cam in the flags imo.what I find is that 3d touch is totally useless.or u should be better off with an iPhone 6.i am currently using iPhone 6 and I can say it is a pretty balanced phone.nice 8mp shooter.slomos.u got every thing except 12mp rear,5mp front,3d touch and newer chipset for lower price or just go for se
Hi, I am currently using iPhone 5c . I want to upgrade myself to a higher level. So I am planning to buy 6s. But reviews tell that battery is weak and camera is a crap in 6s and 6. But both camera and battery back up is better in 5s. I am totally confused. So please somebody guide me which mobile to buy whether 6s , 6 or 5s. Pls, who all read this message guide me whether 6s is nice or 6 is good or 5s is good in the camera and battery department. Please I am waiting for a valuable answer. Pls guide me through the right path with your valuable guidance please; Hi, I am currently using iPhone 5c . I want to upgrade myself to a higher level. So I am planning to buy 6s. But reviews tell that battery is weak and camera is a crap in 6s and 6. But both camera and battery back up is better in 5s. I am totally confused. So please somebody guide me which mobile to buy whether 6s , 6 or 5s. Pls, who all read this message guide me whether 6s is nice or 6 is good or 5s is good in the camera and battery department. Please I am waiting for a valuable answer. Pls guide me through the right path with your valuable guidance please
HackGod MP, 07 May 2016apple is third class company in world and service is 0 support is 0 Agreeeee; Agreeeee
Bishow khadka, 10 May 2016Before 1 month ago I change my iPhone 6 screen, but now there is probelm in iOS update and fin... moreyou can buy Android smarthphone because iphone sucks alot; you can buy Android smarthphone because iphone sucks alot
Anonymous, 12 May 2016i phone is bettertry nexus 5x; try nexus 5x
Charley, 12 May 2016Hi folks, I like to buy this phone - plz clear my following queries. #1 I'm hardcore music fr... moreIf you dont have financial constraints , then iphone is good on whatever points you have raised. I am using it for last one year ,, everything is good from gaming,music, battery, call quality, no overheating to after sales service.; If you dont have financial constraints , then iphone is good on whatever points you have raised. I am using it for last one year ,, everything is good from gaming,music, battery, call quality, no overheating to after sales service.
Bishow khadka, 10 May 2016Before 1 month ago I change my iPhone 6 screen, but now there is probelm in iOS update and fin... moreYour screen wasnt replaced with another true apple display. Your scanner will not work without one.; Your screen wasnt replaced with another true apple display. Your scanner will not work without one.
When you have to option to get iPhone then you don't have to see any specifications. Just buy it; When you have to option to get iPhone then you don't have to see any specifications. Just buy it
Hi folks, I like to buy this phone - plz clear my following queries.
 #1 I'm hardcore music freak I listen music all the time - Will this battery holds for full day 
 #2 How is the front & rear camera quality in light and dark 
 #3 Any heat or lagging issues 
 #4 How is safari browser for surfing through in net - does it supports like chrome 
 #5 Any fun/racing games avail (free version full game not paid ones) - and how is it in iphone & the Gamevice controllers / any other controllers working fine
 
 awaiting for the response...
 (users reviews plz)
 
 Thanks in advance!; Hi folks, I like to buy this phone - plz clear my following queries.; #1 I'm hardcore music freak I listen music all the time - Will this battery holds for full day; #2 How is the front & rear camera quality in light and dark; #3 Any heat or lagging issues; #4 How is safari browser for surfing through in net - does it supports like chrome; #5 Any fun/racing games avail (free version full game not paid ones) - and how is it in iphone & the Gamevice controllers / any other controllers working fine; awaiting for the response...; (users reviews plz); Thanks in advance!
giso, 08 May 2016Which phone is better IPhone 6 or 6s or HTC m9+ ?? i think the performance 6s is a better and... morei phone is better; i phone is better
Before 1 month ago I change my iPhone 6 screen, but now there is probelm in iOS update and finger print lock. What should I do?; Before 1 month ago I change my iPhone 6 screen, but now there is probelm in iOS update and finger print lock. What should I do?
Dante, 23 Apr 2016Thanks! SauloFromTarsus! I will go for it and will be buying in few days :)Let me know how it turns out for you :); Let me know how it turns out for you :)
Which phone is better IPhone 6 or 6s or HTC m9+ ??
 i think the performance 6s is a better and i wanna use iphone but it's very expensive for me
 so im thinking about 6 or m9+
 really i'm very confused
 HTC with high performance or iphone 6 ?; Which phone is better IPhone 6 or 6s or HTC m9+ ??; i think the performance 6s is a better and i wanna use iphone but it's very expensive for me; so im thinking about 6 or m9+; really i'm very confused; HTC with high performance or iphone 6 ?
Jay, 02 May 2016Hello guys, i'm planning to buy my first iphone. I'm in dilemma to choose between iphone se or... moreIf u want performance type... u shud choose se because its Ram is 2gb same as 6s compared to 6..
 But, if u still want to choose screen size, u can go for 6; If u want performance type... u shud choose se because its Ram is 2gb same as 6s compared to 6..; But, if u still want to choose screen size, u can go for 6
Fez, 08 May 2016Iphone 6 or iphone 6+? Which one is more better. I'm going to buy my first iphone If u want a normal sized phone... u shud choose 6 but,if u want a better screen size and bigger size battery.. u shud choose 6+..but for me... I would rather buy 6s; If u want a normal sized phone... u shud choose 6 but,if u want a better screen size and bigger size battery.. u shud choose 6+..but for me... I would rather buy 6s
Heating problem with moderate use and with constant closing of running apps using 1 Tap boost.. please help; Heating problem with moderate use and with constant closing of running apps using 1 Tap boost.. please help
Fez, 08 May 2016Iphone 6 or iphone 6+? Which one is more better. I'm going to buy my first iphone iphone 6 my friend has an iphone 6+ and its so big it hurts her hand!; iphone 6 my friend has an iphone 6+ and its so big it hurts her hand!
Iphone 6 or iphone 6+? Which one is more better. I'm going to buy my first iphone; Iphone 6 or iphone 6+? Which one is more better. I'm going to buy my first iphone
I am on my third iPhone 6 and my contract isn' t up until Nov. The warranty on this last phone ended in Dec. Now I have my third iphone6 not working.; I am on my third iPhone 6 and my contract isn' t up until Nov. The warranty on this last phone ended in Dec. Now I have my third iphone6 not working.
apple is third class company in world and service is 0 support is 0; apple is third class company in world and service is 0 support is 0
jasko, 05 May 2016I just got my iPhone 6 few days ago and I am very satisfied with the perfomance and quality, j... morei have updated it to 9.3.1, did a hard reboot (hold sleep+home button) and have no lag.; i have updated it to 9.3.1, did a hard reboot (hold sleep+home button) and have no lag.
anandh, 23 Apr 2016Hi friends I'm going to buy iphone 6 today. I'm using samsung galaxy S2 past 5 years, I'm go... moreI 6; I 6
Jay, 02 May 2016Hello guys, i'm planning to buy my first iphone. I'm in dilemma to choose between iphone se or... moreI just got my iPhone 6 few days ago and I am very satisfied with the perfomance and quality, just dont update it to iOS 9.3.1 cause everybody says it becomes laggy on it :); I just got my iPhone 6 few days ago and I am very satisfied with the perfomance and quality, just dont update it to iOS 9.3.1 cause everybody says it becomes laggy on it :)
Anonymous, 02 May 2016Which phone is better iphone 6s,iphone 6, samsung s6 or samsung s7?Obviously the samsung galaxy s7. Much better camera and display quality. And looks alsonice; Obviously the samsung galaxy s7. Much better camera and display quality. And looks alsonice
I am unable to purchase anything from AppStore through VISA or MASTER CARD now a days. Initially 10 month back it was working with my VISA but now a days some error is there like YOUR CARD PAYMENT METHOD IS DECLINED PLEASE USE ANOTHER CARD. I have trying many cards, every cards shows same error. Is anyone facing same issue. Please reply with solution
 THANKS IN ADVANCE; I am unable to purchase anything from AppStore through VISA or MASTER CARD now a days. Initially 10 month back it was working with my VISA but now a days some error is there like YOUR CARD PAYMENT METHOD IS DECLINED PLEASE USE ANOTHER CARD. I have trying many cards, every cards shows same error. Is anyone facing same issue. Please reply with solution; THANKS IN ADVANCE
i been using my iphone for a year now. the only problem i face is battery life. batery life only last for a day even without using it for heavy gaming or online. and worst after update ios to 9.3.1 its really laggy...; i been using my iphone for a year now. the only problem i face is battery life. batery life only last for a day even without using it for heavy gaming or online. and worst after update ios to 9.3.1 its really laggy...
worst system spec pls look 4 k4 note lenovo; worst system spec pls look 4 k4 note lenovo
i think ip6 is best phone, but for secondary camera isn't maximal.; i think ip6 is best phone, but for secondary camera isn't maximal.
Manny PH, 02 May 2016I don't get it, before I can use my iPhone 6 so well to games like my favorite shadow fight 2 ... morethis handset very poor systm; this handset very poor systm
Which phone is better iphone 6s,iphone 6, samsung s6 or samsung s7?; Which phone is better iphone 6s,iphone 6, samsung s6 or samsung s7?
I don't get it, before I can use my iPhone 6 so well to games like my favorite shadow fight 2 but now after the OS update to 9.3.1 my favorite game was lagging (slowing moves like crazy) and crashing when playing. Is anybody experience the same ? (Maybe you're saying NO because you're not playing my game perhaps). Please Apple please pay attention to my inquiry. I am an addict to this game and I am already in the final level or stage , I cannot afford to lose this game till end. Do your action please!; I don't get it, before I can use my iPhone 6 so well to games like my favorite shadow fight 2 but now after the OS update to 9.3.1 my favorite game was lagging (slowing moves like crazy) and crashing when playing. Is anybody experience the same ? (Maybe you're saying NO because you're not playing my game perhaps). Please Apple please pay attention to my inquiry. I am an addict to this game and I am already in the final level or stage , I cannot afford to lose this game till end. Do your action please!
Hello guys, i'm planning to buy my first iphone. I'm in dilemma to choose between iphone se or iphone 6. Iphone 6s is quite overprice for me.iphone se seems to tempt me a bit, but i need bigger screen....so how about iphone 6 perfomances??; Hello guys, i'm planning to buy my first iphone. I'm in dilemma to choose between iphone se or iphone 6. Iphone 6s is quite overprice for me.iphone se seems to tempt me a bit, but i need bigger screen....so how about iphone 6 perfomances??
Awudu, 30 Apr 2016Apple products are the best, they offer better upgrades and support than android.. Excellent b... moreBecause those companies that make android phones have also alot of diffrent tech-ish things to concetrate on. For example take sony, it has cameras, tv's radios,speakers, etc. Apple doesnt have that many products to works on.; Because those companies that make android phones have also alot of diffrent tech-ish things to concetrate on. For example take sony, it has cameras, tv's radios,speakers, etc. Apple doesnt have that many products to works on.
Apple products are the best, they offer better upgrades and support than android.. Excellent build quality.. You can get software update from old iPhone to the latest.. With android it's not the same.. Only few android phones get latest software update..; Apple products are the best, they offer better upgrades and support than android.. Excellent build quality.. You can get software update from old iPhone to the latest.. With android it's not the same.. Only few android phones get latest software update..
I think the only drawback in iphone 6 is the front facing camera of 1.2 mp. If it comes with front facing 5mp cam then it will sell more that iphone 6s.; I think the only drawback in iphone 6 is the front facing camera of 1.2 mp. If it comes with front facing 5mp cam then it will sell more that iphone 6s.
i purchased i phone 6 (64gb) silver colour .. AWSOME PERFORMANCE. batterybackup is good. can go for it.. Dont trust rumors.. go for phone 6; i purchased i phone 6 (64gb) silver colour .. AWSOME PERFORMANCE. batterybackup is good. can go for it.. Dont trust rumors.. go for phone 6
Saif, 22 Apr 2016Hi guys... I am using iphone 4s 32gb... Now I am planning to buy a new phone... But i am confu... moreIphone 6; Iphone 6
yashrajcooldude569, 25 Apr 2016which one i have to go for samsung s6 or iphone 6 i am using s5 currently i wanna to upgrade m... moreGo for Samsung Galaxy s6. Better camera and better display.; Go for Samsung Galaxy s6. Better camera and better display.
Anomynous, 04 Apr 2016Hang when you click links? The 9.3.1 update at around 25MB takes care of that, go to settings ... morePress home button + power button it should restart your iphone 6, it does hang after some updates btw in the long iphone 6 is better than 6s; Press home button + power button it should restart your iphone 6, it does hang after some updates btw in the long iphone 6 is better than 6s
Avi, 08 Apr 2016After the update my iPhone 6 it was heating and hanging problem Press home button + power button to reset your iphone 6, hmm maybe wifi/internet connection is in fritz?!; Press home button + power button to reset your iphone 6, hmm maybe wifi/internet connection is in fritz?!
Amal, 26 Apr 2016Hi guys , whats u r opinion about , iPhone 6 & 6s , I'm gonna buy one , I'm now using I ph... moreGo for iPhone 6,, I'm using 6s and my brother is using iPhone 6. Battery Backup for iPhone 6 is more and the ringing volume is also more on iPhone 6. You ll b just missing the 3D touch, live photos in iPhone 6. Rest of that you can go for iPhone 6.; Go for iPhone 6,, I'm using 6s and my brother is using iPhone 6. Battery Backup for iPhone 6 is more and the ringing volume is also more on iPhone 6. You ll b just missing the 3D touch, live photos in iPhone 6. Rest of that you can go for iPhone 6.
Hi guys , whats u r opinion about , iPhone 6 & 6s , I'm gonna buy one , I'm now using I phones 4s currently , suggest me phone , who really know about these two phone.; Hi guys , whats u r opinion about , iPhone 6 & 6s , I'm gonna buy one , I'm now using I phones 4s currently , suggest me phone , who really know about these two phone.
yashrajcooldude569, 25 Apr 2016which one i have to go for samsung s6 or iphone 6 i am using s5 currently i wanna to upgrade m... morego for iph-6s now or go for iph-7 after a few months.; go for iph-6s now or go for iph-7 after a few months.
I Love My iPhone 6 #LTE #noregrets; I Love My iPhone 6 #LTE #noregrets
bapun66, 21 Apr 2016Performance is good. But the camera and display quality is not good as samsung galaxy s6. And ... morewhich one i have to go for samsung s6 or iphone 6 i am using s5 currently i wanna to upgrade my phone which one is good for me never use iphone till; which one i have to go for samsung s6 or iphone 6 i am using s5 currently i wanna to upgrade my phone which one is good for me never use iphone till
anandh, 23 Apr 2016Hi friends I'm going to buy iphone 6 today. I'm using samsung galaxy S2 past 5 years, I'm go... moreIphone 6; Iphone 6
Saif, 22 Apr 2016Hi guys... I am using iphone 4s 32gb... Now I am planning to buy a new phone... But i am confu... moreIphone 6; Iphone 6
Saif, 22 Apr 2016Hi guys... I am using iphone 4s 32gb... Now I am planning to buy a new phone... But i am confu... moreyou have to buy iphone 6 dude; you have to buy iphone 6 dude
anandh, 23 Apr 2016Hi friends I'm going to buy iphone 6 today. I'm using samsung galaxy S2 past 5 years, I'm go... more5s is outdated .6 is the perfect phone; 5s is outdated .6 is the perfect phone
anandh, 23 Apr 2016Hi friends I'm going to buy iphone 6 today. I'm using samsung galaxy S2 past 5 years, I'm go... moreyeah, that would be a good choice, of course iphone 6, amazing ever, i've been using apple since the iphone 4s, 5s, and now the 6 i definitely love it, extra hours of battery, good back and front camera; yeah, that would be a good choice, of course iphone 6, amazing ever, i've been using apple since the iphone 4s, 5s, and now the 6 i definitely love it, extra hours of battery, good back and front camera
Hi friends I'm going to buy iphone 6 today.
 I'm using samsung galaxy S2 past 5 years,
 I'm going to use apple first time. 
 So pls suggest me whih is the best choice for me iphone 5s or 6.; Hi friends I'm going to buy iphone 6 today.; I'm using samsung galaxy S2 past 5 years,; I'm going to use apple first time.; So pls suggest me whih is the best choice for me iphone 5s or 6.
SauloFromTarsus, 22 Apr 2016#1 Music streaming connection is always good, just watch your data. Sound quality.. get good h... moreThanks! SauloFromTarsus! 
 I will go for it and will be buying in few days :); Thanks! SauloFromTarsus!; I will go for it and will be buying in few days :)
Hi guys... I am using iphone 4s 32gb... Now I am planning to buy a new phone... But i am confused between iphone se or iphone 6... Please friend's give your opinion's... Which one is good... Thanks in advance...; Hi guys... I am using iphone 4s 32gb... Now I am planning to buy a new phone... But i am confused between iphone se or iphone 6... Please friend's give your opinion's... Which one is good... Thanks in advance...
Dante, 22 Apr 2016Hi guys, I'm not a hardcore power user of smarphones - i like this iphone 6 a lot and i'm pref... more#1 Music streaming connection is always good, just watch your data. Sound quality.. get good headphones for better quality, Apple has good equalizers. 
 
 #2 Honestly Safari browser does the job great. It can handle it all.
 
 #3 Gaming is good on this phone too. it handles graphics well
 
 #4 I have had it since December 2014.. Battery life does fine. Of course I would charge it through the day to keep it alive. It does drain fast due to heavy use like any phone. Also my phone has been active since 2014 so the battery life is not as strong as it was. For gaming I have a habit of connecting the HDMI to my iPhone to the TV to play games.. works great. 
 
 
 Its a great phone and the 64GB version is perfect.; #1 Music streaming connection is always good, just watch your data. Sound quality.. get good headphones for better quality, Apple has good equalizers.; #2 Honestly Safari browser does the job great. It can handle it all.; #3 Gaming is good on this phone too. it handles graphics well; #4 I have had it since December 2014.. Battery life does fine. Of course I would charge it through the day to keep it alive. It does drain fast due to heavy use like any phone. Also my phone has been active since 2014 so the battery life is not as strong as it was. For gaming I have a habit of connecting the HDMI to my iPhone to the TV to play games.. works great.; Its a great phone and the 64GB version is perfect.
Hi guys, I'm not a hardcore power user of smarphones - i like this iphone 6 a lot and i'm preferring to buy 64GB version. Please help me to decide whether it suits me and worth long. 
 
 #1 I use listen more musics/ online musics - so will it be fine - the sound in headphones and the speakers 
 
 #2 I surf internet most often but this safari browser will be good like chrome / is there anyother app like that 
 
 #3 I like to play some good graphic games too 
 
 #4 Is the battery life is good - its only 1800mAh - does it lasts atleast a day 
 Guys please help me shall i go for it ...
 awaiting for the response - thanks friends; Hi guys, I'm not a hardcore power user of smarphones - i like this iphone 6 a lot and i'm preferring to buy 64GB version. Please help me to decide whether it suits me and worth long.; #1 I use listen more musics/ online musics - so will it be fine - the sound in headphones and the speakers; #2 I surf internet most often but this safari browser will be good like chrome / is there anyother app like that; #3 I like to play some good graphic games too; #4 Is the battery life is good - its only 1800mAh - does it lasts atleast a day; Guys please help me shall i go for it ...; awaiting for the response - thanks friends
BenjaminDevil , 19 Apr 2016Hi guys, I've been a android user ever since I own a smartphone. I've tried brands like S... morePerformance is good. But the camera and display quality is not good as samsung galaxy s6. And the battery life is same for both the case; Performance is good. But the camera and display quality is not good as samsung galaxy s6. And the battery life is same for both the case
aatishlath, 20 Apr 2016Is iphone 6 a good choice. ....does it hangsI've been using it for about 5 months and I already surprised by how well this phone manage apps without lag; I've been using it for about 5 months and I already surprised by how well this phone manage apps without lag
nice phone; nice phone
Anonymous, 20 Apr 2016take iphone broIs iphone 6 a good choice. ....does it hangs; Is iphone 6 a good choice. ....does it hangs
i want to buy this; i want to buy this
aatish, 19 Apr 2016Hii guys....I want to buy new phone....is iphone 6 a good choice...or should I go 4 samsung or... moretake iphone bro; take iphone bro
Hi guys,
 those who are looking for apple iPhone 5s and 6, and those who are in a dilemma, just go for apple iPhone 6 considering the good battery back up, good performance and a handy size 4.7" when compared to 5s 4". Even those are willing to use for the 1st time apple product may go for iPhone 6, as this a reliable and the best handset and in the worst case if you sell this device, you will get a fair amount handy. Go for 64gb version if possible,to avoid running out of spaceand you the enjoy the huge storage space in 64gb version.; Hi guys,; those who are looking for apple iPhone 5s and 6, and those who are in a dilemma, just go for apple iPhone 6 considering the good battery back up, good performance and a handy size 4.7" when compared to 5s 4". Even those are willing to use for the 1st time apple product may go for iPhone 6, as this a reliable and the best handset and in the worst case if you sell this device, you will get a fair amount handy. Go for 64gb version if possible,to avoid running out of spaceand you the enjoy the huge storage space in 64gb version.
Hii guys....I want to buy new phone....is iphone 6 a good choice...or should I go 4 samsung or iphone 5s....I want a phone which works very fast and which donot hangs any time...even has a good battery life. ...my 1st choice isis iphone ...I haven't use any of the iPhone model....plzzzz help mee....thank u in advance; Hii guys....I want to buy new phone....is iphone 6 a good choice...or should I go 4 samsung or iphone 5s....I want a phone which works very fast and which donot hangs any time...even has a good battery life. ...my 1st choice isis iphone ...I haven't use any of the iPhone model....plzzzz help mee....thank u in advance
Boyka, 17 Apr 2016Hiii Which phone should i buy 5s or 6 please tellI would suggest iPhone SE (if you want bigger screen 6s).; I would suggest iPhone SE (if you want bigger screen 6s).
Hi guys, 
 I've been a android user ever since I own a smartphone.
 I've tried brands like 
 Samsung(Galaxy Mini)
 Sony(Xperia ZL)
 Huawei Honor 3X
 Asus Zenfone 2
 Xiaomi Redmi Note 
 Xiaomi Redmi Note 2
 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 
 Samsung Galaxy Note 4
 LG G4 
 
 And I'm currently using Samsung Galaxy S6. 
 
 Would wish to try out iOS, but I'm contemplating as to whether should I give iphone 6 a try ? 
 
 Any suggestions? 
 How's the battery life on iPhone 6 as well as the performance ?
 
 Thanks guys!; Hi guys,; I've been a android user ever since I own a smartphone.; I've tried brands like; Samsung(Galaxy Mini); Sony(Xperia ZL); Huawei Honor 3X; Asus Zenfone 2; Xiaomi Redmi Note; Xiaomi Redmi Note 2; Samsung Galaxy Note 3; Samsung Galaxy Note 4; LG G4; And I'm currently using Samsung Galaxy S6.; Would wish to try out iOS, but I'm contemplating as to whether should I give iphone 6 a try ?; Any suggestions?; How's the battery life on iPhone 6 as well as the performance ?; Thanks guys!
Boyka, 17 Apr 2016Hiii Which phone should i buy 5s or 6 please tellBuy the iPhone SE.; Buy the iPhone SE.
Boyka, 17 Apr 2016Hiii Which phone should i buy 5s or 6 please tellof course 6; of course 6
Boyka, 17 Apr 2016Hiii Which phone should i buy 5s or 6 please tellIphone 6; Iphone 6
Hiii 
 Which phone should i buy 5s or 6 please tell; Hiii; Which phone should i buy 5s or 6 please tell
Within a few months started to say searching in top left corner intermittently, really annoying, done resets and seemed fine. Soon resets didn't work so sent it off, Apple said I would have it back within 10 days from phone call. Then got an email saying I was to pay £190 to get it fixed even tho it was in warranty. I obviously said NO WAY and can you please send back phone immediately. They said sorry sir but you will have to wait another 10 days and then will automatically be sent back.
 It's a business phone!
 Apple was once a top company, shame to see it go downhill, neither myself or family will be buying Apple again, as this is only one of many issues I've had with them recently.....; Within a few months started to say searching in top left corner intermittently, really annoying, done resets and seemed fine. Soon resets didn't work so sent it off, Apple said I would have it back within 10 days from phone call. Then got an email saying I was to pay £190 to get it fixed even tho it was in warranty. I obviously said NO WAY and can you please send back phone immediately. They said sorry sir but you will have to wait another 10 days and then will automatically be sent back.; It's a business phone!; Apple was once a top company, shame to see it go downhill, neither myself or family will be buying Apple again, as this is only one of many issues I've had with them recently.....
Karthik , 11 Apr 2016Am using iPhone 6 it's very bad too much hang. I can't make call or do nothing many times. Pho... morei have no such problems on ios 9.2. Everything works fine. Do a hard reboot (press and hold both the Sleep/Wake and Home buttons for at least ten seconds, until you see the Apple logo.) 
 or a Factory Reset.
 
 or maybe you have a faulty device; i have no such problems on ios 9.2. Everything works fine. Do a hard reboot (press and hold both the Sleep/Wake and Home buttons for at least ten seconds, until you see the Apple logo.); or a Factory Reset.; or maybe you have a faulty device
Karthik , 11 Apr 2016Am using iPhone 6 it's very bad too much hang. I can't make call or do nothing many times. Pho... moreYour iphone is original or not?or refurbished set?; Your iphone is original or not?or refurbished set?
Anonymous, 12 Apr 2016My iphone 6 has been hanging since I updated d ios It's really frustrating Wat can i doDo factory reset, if you havent done it alredy.; Do factory reset, if you havent done it alredy.
Cecil, 12 Apr 2016If you are looking for a smartphone with maximum battery hours, better os experience and fun u... moreJust go and try samsung galaxy s7 edge. You will forget the iphone. The display the camera everything is better on samsung galaxy s7 edge.; Just go and try samsung galaxy s7 edge. You will forget the iphone. The display the camera everything is better on samsung galaxy s7 edge.
Cecil, 12 Apr 2016If you are looking for a smartphone with maximum battery hours, better os experience and fun u... moreJust go and try samsung galaxy s7 edge. You will forget the iphone. The display the camera everything is better on samsung galaxy s7 edge.; Just go and try samsung galaxy s7 edge. You will forget the iphone. The display the camera everything is better on samsung galaxy s7 edge.
Anonymous, 13 Apr 2016i can't open a specific whatsapp group in my iphone 6. could you please help to solve Whatsapp always has some problems with iphone. It keeps on refreshing. Unless you refresh you won't get the messages sometime.; Whatsapp always has some problems with iphone. It keeps on refreshing. Unless you refresh you won't get the messages sometime.
Cecil, 12 Apr 2016If you are looking for a smartphone with maximum battery hours, better os experience and fun u... moreNothing wrong with 16GB, lots of people use iPhones for years and has 6-7GB free out of those 16. Its your problem, not theirs. Just because your family has 7 kids and need a starex van it doesnt mean Ferrari has to stop making 2 seat Berlinettas, try to remember that. You, them, not same person, ok?; Nothing wrong with 16GB, lots of people use iPhones for years and has 6-7GB free out of those 16. Its your problem, not theirs. Just because your family has 7 kids and need a starex van it doesnt mean Ferrari has to stop making 2 seat Berlinettas, try to remember that. You, them, not same person, ok?
i can't open a specific whatsapp group in my iphone 6.
 could you please help to solve; i can't open a specific whatsapp group in my iphone 6.; could you please help to solve
If you are looking for a smartphone with maximum battery hours, better os experience and fun use. Take it. Apple iPhone 6 is the best! my first iPhone was iPhone 4 then upgraded to 4s then 5c now 6. I just love it!
 but always go for 64GB version. 
 I'd say its time to stop 16GB, instead do the 32/64/128 GB versions
 I just love it!; If you are looking for a smartphone with maximum battery hours, better os experience and fun use. Take it. Apple iPhone 6 is the best! my first iPhone was iPhone 4 then upgraded to 4s then 5c now 6. I just love it!; but always go for 64GB version.; I'd say its time to stop 16GB, instead do the 32/64/128 GB versions; I just love it!
My iphone 6 has been hanging since I updated d ios
 It's really frustrating 
 Wat can i do; My iphone 6 has been hanging since I updated d ios; It's really frustrating; Wat can i do
Amzad, 11 Apr 20165s batter then 6Really bro it's good; Really bro it's good
Karthik , 11 Apr 2016Am using iPhone 6 it's very bad too much hang. I can't make call or do nothing many times. Pho... more5s batter then 6; 5s batter then 6
Am using iPhone 6 it's very bad too much hang. I can't make call or do nothing many times. Phone freezes all the time. I still have iPhone 5s it's much better than 6; Am using iPhone 6 it's very bad too much hang. I can't make call or do nothing many times. Phone freezes all the time. I still have iPhone 5s it's much better than 6
Ashraf, 09 Apr 2016It's terrible to buy expensive phone without memory slot. If you make a decision to buy 16 GB ... moreSo seem to be a not so called fan of iPhone so you compare it to androif. Man I'm telling you use the iPhone and better reflect your word for word. The 1gb ram is between a 3th/4gb ram competition of your android phone you heard me right that's why I told you to use it and compare. No lags and yet so fast. You better check the CPU. Right now I'm using both android lgg4 and iPhone 6 but lgg4 is as fast as the iPhone 6 I'm happy to have the both items. So man before you complain and compare better check (hands on) by yourself first.; So seem to be a not so called fan of iPhone so you compare it to androif. Man I'm telling you use the iPhone and better reflect your word for word. The 1gb ram is between a 3th/4gb ram competition of your android phone you heard me right that's why I told you to use it and compare. No lags and yet so fast. You better check the CPU. Right now I'm using both android lgg4 and iPhone 6 but lgg4 is as fast as the iPhone 6 I'm happy to have the both items. So man before you complain and compare better check (hands on) by yourself first.
Cynthia, 08 Apr 2016hello,can anyone please help me with choosing between the iPhone 6 & 6s?Battery life is ve... moreyes, its true.; yes, its true.
Boyka, 05 Apr 2016Iphone se or iphone6 plz tell fast iPhone 6 because it has good battery backup with stylish look don't think about RAm. iPhone 6 is good phone I m using this last one year no problem at all; iPhone 6 because it has good battery backup with stylish look don't think about RAm. iPhone 6 is good phone I m using this last one year no problem at all
RVT, 07 Apr 2016Hey guys i'm buying an iphone 6 and i'm currently using airtel sim and I heard in some youtube... moreI have also iPhone 6 since last one year but 2g internet is not working on YouTube else is fine on 2g also; I have also iPhone 6 since last one year but 2g internet is not working on YouTube else is fine on 2g also
Cynthia, 08 Apr 2016Hello,please can anyone help me with choosing between the iPhone 6 & 6s?battery life is ve... moreu ryt Cynthia, am using I phone 6 & the Battery life is too good than 6s. Some of my frnz using 6s. But they use to tell the battery power is not better than 6.; u ryt Cynthia, am using I phone 6 & the Battery life is too good than 6s. Some of my frnz using 6s. But they use to tell the battery power is not better than 6.
It's terrible to buy expensive phone without memory slot. If you make a decision to buy 16 GB phone and then decided to download a lot of programs and take photos ... then you need to through it and get a new one !! 
 Also the 1 GB RAM is so small to operate size consuming programs. Other phones even cheaper have more flexibility to expand memory, faster processor and better camera pixels !!
 The expensive price of i-phone is because of Apple name is printed in the phone; It's terrible to buy expensive phone without memory slot. If you make a decision to buy 16 GB phone and then decided to download a lot of programs and take photos ... then you need to through it and get a new one !!; Also the 1 GB RAM is so small to operate size consuming programs. Other phones even cheaper have more flexibility to expand memory, faster processor and better camera pixels !!; The expensive price of i-phone is because of Apple name is printed in the phone
Cynthia, 08 Apr 2016Hello,please can anyone help me with choosing between the iPhone 6 & 6s?battery life is ve... moredo choose iphone 6s ..which is more refined in terms of quality , battery life etc; do choose iphone 6s ..which is more refined in terms of quality , battery life etc
Boyka, 05 Apr 2016Iphone se or iphone6 plz tell fast 
 
 
 Which phoone faster network speed.?
 I phone SE or I phone 6; Which phoone faster network speed.?; I phone SE or I phone 6
Boyka, 05 Apr 2016Iphone se or iphone6 plz tell fast iPhone 6 can't be used without cover if it slip from your hand screen will break; iPhone 6 can't be used without cover if it slip from your hand screen will break
hello,can anyone please help me with choosing between the iPhone 6 & 6s?Battery life is very important to me & I'm not a gamer but I do use the WiFi a lot!I wanna buy a 6s but I've heard that 6's battery life is much better!Is this true?; hello,can anyone please help me with choosing between the iPhone 6 & 6s?Battery life is very important to me & I'm not a gamer but I do use the WiFi a lot!I wanna buy a 6s but I've heard that 6's battery life is much better!Is this true?
Hello,please can anyone help me with choosing between the iPhone 6 & 6s?battery life is very important for me!& I'm not a gamer,but I do use WiFi a lot.I wanna buy a 6s but I've heard that 6's bettary life is much better.Is this true?; Hello,please can anyone help me with choosing between the iPhone 6 & 6s?battery life is very important for me!& I'm not a gamer,but I do use WiFi a lot.I wanna buy a 6s but I've heard that 6's bettary life is much better.Is this true?
After the update my iPhone 6 it was heating and hanging problem; After the update my iPhone 6 it was heating and hanging problem
RVT, 07 Apr 2016Hey guys i'm buying an iphone 6 and i'm currently using airtel sim and I heard in some youtube... moreexcellent; excellent
RVT, 07 Apr 2016Hey guys i'm buying an iphone 6 and i'm currently using airtel sim and I heard in some youtube... moreGOOD; GOOD
Hey guys i'm buying an iphone 6 and i'm currently using airtel sim and I heard in some youtube review that 2g data doesn't work in iphone 6..so can somebody using an iphone 6 tell me whether 2g data will work on it or not? Thanks in advance!; Hey guys i'm buying an iphone 6 and i'm currently using airtel sim and I heard in some youtube review that 2g data doesn't work in iphone 6..so can somebody using an iphone 6 tell me whether 2g data will work on it or not? Thanks in advance!
why should i get se; why should i get se
GK, 28 Mar 2016Yes i would say considering that i need 1h and 45-50 min from 30 to 100.Ok thanks so no worries about that then.; Ok thanks so no worries about that then.
Anonymous, 06 Apr 2016buy se Iphone 6 is better in everything but se camera is better; Iphone 6 is better in everything but se camera is better
Boyka, 05 Apr 2016Iphone se or iphone6 plz tell fast buy se; buy se
Boyka, 05 Apr 2016Iphone se or iphone6 plz tell fast I'm also deciding which phone to get but if you want a bigger screen get the iPhone 6 if you don't care and want a faster and brand new phone get the iPhone se; I'm also deciding which phone to get but if you want a bigger screen get the iPhone 6 if you don't care and want a faster and brand new phone get the iPhone se
Tiyo Martin, 03 Apr 2016My iPhone 6 I'm waiting for the new update 9.4 I haven't update mine to the new 9.3.1 still at... moreIf I only listen to you not to update but wait the 9.4 I'd won't be sad because now after the update my iP6 fast heat laggy and slow compare to previous one. I cannot even find the new app and use it to fulfill t h e update. Disgusting that's the one word I can express this bad experience. Hope apple listens to this article then make a fast update to 9.4; If I only listen to you not to update but wait the 9.4 I'd won't be sad because now after the update my iP6 fast heat laggy and slow compare to previous one. I cannot even find the new app and use it to fulfill t h e update. Disgusting that's the one word I can express this bad experience. Hope apple listens to this article then make a fast update to 9.4
bapun66, 05 Apr 2016Iphone 6. Coz the screen is too small in iphone seIf your into photography then choose Se; If your into photography then choose Se
bapun66, 05 Apr 2016Lolpls your not heling; pls your not heling
I put in my Medical information on the emergency id and how do i change it or update it; I put in my Medical information on the emergency id and how do i change it or update it
stewert, 05 Apr 2016i bought it and i cant seem to turn on the flashlight. helpLol; Lol
Boyka, 05 Apr 2016Iphone se or iphone6 plz tell fast Iphone 6. Coz the screen is too small in iphone se; Iphone 6. Coz the screen is too small in iphone se
Iphone se or iphone6 plz tell fast; Iphone se or iphone6 plz tell fast
i bought it and i cant seem to turn on the flashlight. help; i bought it and i cant seem to turn on the flashlight. help
heild, 04 Apr 2016i onestly dont agreebuy this thing; buy this thing
mac0x, 19 Feb 2016Hi guys is it a good that I buy an iPhone 6 that is icloud locked ? Please reply soonvery good decision; very good decision
touhou fan, 27 Mar 2016thanks for the battery tip! via iPad Air 290% is a bit high, its best to keep between 40-60% but usually one need up to 80% for practical reasons. And draining and charging full to calibrate should be kept to an absolute minimum, both a drain and full charge cause irreparable degradation of the battery, every time you do either it gets a litte degraded. 
 
 Its the same for electric cars, the battery tech is essentially the same, most people i know who have Tesla Model S has programmed it to stop charging at 80%.; 90% is a bit high, its best to keep between 40-60% but usually one need up to 80% for practical reasons. And draining and charging full to calibrate should be kept to an absolute minimum, both a drain and full charge cause irreparable degradation of the battery, every time you do either it gets a litte degraded.; Its the same for electric cars, the battery tech is essentially the same, most people i know who have Tesla Model S has programmed it to stop charging at 80%.
GK, 28 Mar 2016First of all - rightly -you didnt let your device for a long time uncharged, so you didnt made... moreHe is screwed, any li-ion type battery that is left empty for a long time will self.discharge over time till the voltage is so low that the battery cannot be salvaged and brought back to life, its permanently destroyed. 
 
 People, when storing a phone, before you turn it off make sure its charged to 50-60% (or up to 80% but no more), and after a year (or less) it need to be charged again.; He is screwed, any li-ion type battery that is left empty for a long time will self.discharge over time till the voltage is so low that the battery cannot be salvaged and brought back to life, its permanently destroyed.; People, when storing a phone, before you turn it off make sure its charged to 50-60% (or up to 80% but no more), and after a year (or less) it need to be charged again.
Adan, 01 Apr 2016Its my phone have aproblem its hunging please any updateHang when you click links? The 9.3.1 update at around 25MB takes care of that, go to settings and check for updates, it should already have notified you by now.; Hang when you click links? The 9.3.1 update at around 25MB takes care of that, go to settings and check for updates, it should already have notified you by now.
Tabs, 18 Feb 2016My face is missing using Airtel in India phone purchase from Oman pls help its showing in noti... morei onestly dont agree; i onestly dont agree
Gutted I upgraded from the iPhone 5 to the 6 now I can't watch videos on any media as buffers all the way through and can't use hands free in the car in fact I can't get it to pair with anything via blue tooth anymore and Apple seem uninterested now u have to carry two phones everywhere! Where can I get a refund? I can feel a Samsung coming on!; Gutted I upgraded from the iPhone 5 to the 6 now I can't watch videos on any media as buffers all the way through and can't use hands free in the car in fact I can't get it to pair with anything via blue tooth anymore and Apple seem uninterested now u have to carry two phones everywhere! Where can I get a refund? I can feel a Samsung coming on!
My iPhone 6 I'm waiting for the new update 9.4 I haven't update mine to the new 9.3.1 still at 9.2.1 version no regrets; My iPhone 6 I'm waiting for the new update 9.4 I haven't update mine to the new 9.3.1 still at 9.2.1 version no regrets
Adan, 01 Apr 2016Its my phone have aproblem its hunging please any updateIt has new iOs update today 9.3.1 do it now.; It has new iOs update today 9.3.1 do it now.
I 6 support VoLTE???; I 6 support VoLTE???
How to fix some; How to fix some
Its my phone have aproblem its hunging please any update; Its my phone have aproblem its hunging please any update
anonymous45, 31 Mar 2016I upgrade my iphone 5s to iOs 9.3 it over heats my iphone, fix the problem guys....Just released 9.3.1, update and keep in touch for info; Just released 9.3.1, update and keep in touch for info
I upgrade my iphone 5s to iOs 9.3 it over heats my iphone, fix the problem guys....; I upgrade my iphone 5s to iOs 9.3 it over heats my iphone, fix the problem guys....
Jericho Philippines, 29 Mar 2016Hello there! Is anyone downloaded the new 9.3 os version for iphone 6 (which already availabl... moreIt's not a huge change, they jsut added the night shift (which I use just because I have it now lol it's not really usefull.) and you can now add a finger print lock to your notes. Again, no biggie; It's not a huge change, they jsut added the night shift (which I use just because I have it now lol it's not really usefull.) and you can now add a finger print lock to your notes. Again, no biggie
Jericho Philippines, 29 Mar 2016Hello there! Is anyone downloaded the new 9.3 os version for iphone 6 (which already availabl... moregood on; good on
I love the size. It is just right for me.
 However just a couple of things. Where the earphones plug in. Should move back to the top or at the least to the side. With it at the bottom the wire keeps bending and then breaking. Moving it would solve this.
 As for iTunes and not being able to upload music from my iPod or from CDs is rather upsetting. This needs to be fixed. I like my music that I have already paid for and I don't want to have to use both devices.
 Thank you for the opportunity.; I love the size. It is just right for me.; However just a couple of things. Where the earphones plug in. Should move back to the top or at the least to the side. With it at the bottom the wire keeps bending and then breaking. Moving it would solve this.; As for iTunes and not being able to upload music from my iPod or from CDs is rather upsetting. This needs to be fixed. I like my music that I have already paid for and I don't want to have to use both devices.; Thank you for the opportunity.
Hello there!
 Is anyone downloaded the new 9.3 os version for iphone 6 (which already available now)? So hows your experience can you please details here the pros and cons? Thank you; Hello there!; Is anyone downloaded the new 9.3 os version for iphone 6 (which already available now)? So hows your experience can you please details here the pros and cons? Thank you
wooo... such nice fone....; wooo... such nice fone....
Aadrian, 28 Mar 2016How long does it take to charge the phone from zero to 100%? Compared to my Nokia Lumia 930 it... moreYes i would say considering that i need 1h and 45-50 min from 30 to 100.; Yes i would say considering that i need 1h and 45-50 min from 30 to 100.
How long does it take to charge the phone from zero to 100%? Compared to my Nokia Lumia 930 it takes ages. Is it normal?; How long does it take to charge the phone from zero to 100%? Compared to my Nokia Lumia 930 it takes ages. Is it normal?
RaJiP, 27 Mar 2016I charged my iphone 6 a couple of months ago and didnt use it.Now it doesnt charge at all..DEA... moreFirst of all - rightly -you didnt let your device for a long time uncharged, so you didnt made something wrong, just the opposite would say. Now few tips that could help (maybe some of them you've already tried). 
 - Let the device plugged to the power a little bit more.
 - Make sure that you are using the cable and wall charger that came with your iPhone. If the charger or cable youÂ’re trying to use isnÂ’t Apple certified then that could be your problem right there.
 - Try using a different wall socket, a different cable, and a different charger.
 - Take a look at the connector on your cable and the port on your iPhone. Make sure that theyÂ’re clean and free of dust. You can blow or blast a little compressed air into the port to clean it out.
 - There are reports that if you keep your Lightning cable in a humid or wet environment the connector can get corroded. If itÂ’s wet then you should never plug it in because you could also damage the port on the iPhone. If it looks corroded or thereÂ’s something on the connectors that you canÂ’t remove with a microfiber cloth then itÂ’s worth taking the cable into an Apple Store to show them, they may just give you a replacement.
 - Try resetting your device while itÂ’s plugged into the charger by holding down the Sleep/Wake and Home buttons for 10 seconds or so until the Apple logo appears.
 
 I hope everything goes well; First of all - rightly -you didnt let your device for a long time uncharged, so you didnt made something wrong, just the opposite would say. Now few tips that could help (maybe some of them you've already tried).; - Let the device plugged to the power a little bit more.; - Make sure that you are using the cable and wall charger that came with your iPhone. If the charger or cable youÂ’re trying to use isnÂ’t Apple certified then that could be your problem right there.; - Try using a different wall socket, a different cable, and a different charger.; - Take a look at the connector on your cable and the port on your iPhone. Make sure that theyÂ’re clean and free of dust. You can blow or blast a little compressed air into the port to clean it out.; - There are reports that if you keep your Lightning cable in a humid or wet environment the connector can get corroded. If itÂ’s wet then you should never plug it in because you could also damage the port on the iPhone. If it looks corroded or thereÂ’s something on the connectors that you canÂ’t remove with a microfiber cloth then itÂ’s worth taking the cable into an Apple Store to show them, they may just give you a replacement.; - Try resetting your device while itÂ’s plugged into the charger by holding down the Sleep/Wake and Home buttons for 10 seconds or so until the Apple logo appears.; I hope everything goes well
just iphone; just iphone
appu, 27 Mar 2016Which should I buy iPhone 6 or galaxys s6...???buy the samsung galaxy s6 is more powerful than the iphone 6.
 I give you some advice : put as ios operating system will go so fast; buy the samsung galaxy s6 is more powerful than the iphone 6.; I give you some advice : put as ios operating system will go so fast
appu, 27 Mar 2016Which should I buy iPhone 6 or galaxys s6...???s6; s6
S6 r iphone 6 which is best ?; S6 r iphone 6 which is best ?
Which should I buy iPhone 6 or galaxys s6...???; Which should I buy iPhone 6 or galaxys s6...???
GK, 22 Mar 2016Drain the battery until 20% and the make a full charge 100%. When the device is new - unused -... moreI charged my iphone 6 a couple of months ago and didnt use it.Now it doesnt charge at all..DEAD.Any suggestions?Thanks; I charged my iphone 6 a couple of months ago and didnt use it.Now it doesnt charge at all..DEAD.Any suggestions?Thanks
shaimu, 12 Mar 2016Correct..yes man iphone SE arrrving on 8th April,2016 ...hip hiphurray..ur dream is realised; yes man iphone SE arrrving on 8th April,2016 ...hip hiphurray..ur dream is realised
iPhone is very good, but a pet peeve of mine is the very sophomorish calander. I had a blackberry ten years ago and I could set calendar alerts for "Weekdays"or "Weekends" or for every Monday, Wednesday and Friday. That was ten years ago. iPhone only gives you daily, weekly, monthly and so forth. Such a silly little thing, but Apple can't figure it out, or more than likely, just don't care. Like so many ubersuccessful companies, they make things to sell, not to use!; iPhone is very good, but a pet peeve of mine is the very sophomorish calander. I had a blackberry ten years ago and I could set calendar alerts for "Weekdays"or "Weekends" or for every Monday, Wednesday and Friday. That was ten years ago. iPhone only gives you daily, weekly, monthly and so forth. Such a silly little thing, but Apple can't figure it out, or more than likely, just don't care. Like so many ubersuccessful companies, they make things to sell, not to use!
him, 11 Mar 2016I still love the old shapes of Iphone 5 cant they just make a iphone 7 mini with the size of ... morehere you go.. you got an iphone se with 4" screen and great features; here you go.. you got an iphone se with 4" screen and great features
ni3, 21 Mar 2016calibrate means???Drain the battery until 20% and the make a full charge 100%. When the device is new - unused - the same thing, drain the battery and then full charge (the only difference here is tha t is recommended - for first full charge- to leave plugged to the power the device even if you have reached 100% for a couple of hours more.
 Then try to have your device charged between 40 - 90. Do not charge full the device every day.
 The battery is calibrated after a couple of months (more or less).
 Its also recommended to do a'' full charge (20-100%)'' every 2 weeks, depending on the use. Some people by saying ''calibrate'' intend 20-100% charge, so dont be confused.; Drain the battery until 20% and the make a full charge 100%. When the device is new - unused - the same thing, drain the battery and then full charge (the only difference here is tha t is recommended - for first full charge- to leave plugged to the power the device even if you have reached 100% for a couple of hours more.; Then try to have your device charged between 40 - 90. Do not charge full the device every day.; The battery is calibrated after a couple of months (more or less).; Its also recommended to do a'' full charge (20-100%)'' every 2 weeks, depending on the use. Some people by saying ''calibrate'' intend 20-100% charge, so dont be confused.
Anonymous, 03 Mar 2016If you use social networking apps, internet browsing, music , then it is more than good. out o... morecalibrate means???; calibrate means???
Anonymous, 16 Mar 2016I can not back up my iphone6. Can you advise me on this?Dear, install itune to your pc or laptop there you can find option of backing up your phone in which you can select icloud or computer it will create the backup of your phone in your computer and you can restore the backup by connecting your phone with your pc through itunes; Dear, install itune to your pc or laptop there you can find option of backing up your phone in which you can select icloud or computer it will create the backup of your phone in your computer and you can restore the backup by connecting your phone with your pc through itunes
April, 20 Mar 2016I am.trying to get an Iphone 6 from note 4 and I am a music fanatic and was wondering if jail ... moreyou want to move from note 4 to iphone 6??? Please dont do that. you will regrt oneday.; you want to move from note 4 to iphone 6??? Please dont do that. you will regrt oneday.
I am.trying to get an Iphone 6 from note 4 and I am a music fanatic and was wondering if jail breaking makes downloading music easier. And I was told you can't put and memory card in it? Please tell me I am wrong.; I am.trying to get an Iphone 6 from note 4 and I am a music fanatic and was wondering if jail breaking makes downloading music easier. And I was told you can't put and memory card in it? Please tell me I am wrong.
After been a long term Samsung Galaxy user I swore blind I'd never have a iPhone how wrong was I've had a 4s 5s and now I have a iPhone 6 all within the space of a year I love my iPhone 6 it's so fast even on 3G because 4G isn't available on 3 network yet I can honestly say in my opinion android is crap compared to iPhones I will always be a iPhone user now I'd recommend the iPhone 6 it's a smart sleek super fast phone the LCD is just stunning the phone itself is beautiful I have mine in space grey ideally what I want is a iPhone 6plus soon as I can afford it I will be buying it I'm not saying Samsung Galaxy is rubbish but for me next to iPhones they are way way behind they simply aren't fast enough you seem to get a lot of bugs with android they can lag whereas with iPhone I've never had any issues the battery life is superb too I'd say to anyone looking to buy a iPhone for first time go for it you'll not be disappointed; After been a long term Samsung Galaxy user I swore blind I'd never have a iPhone how wrong was I've had a 4s 5s and now I have a iPhone 6 all within the space of a year I love my iPhone 6 it's so fast even on 3G because 4G isn't available on 3 network yet I can honestly say in my opinion android is crap compared to iPhones I will always be a iPhone user now I'd recommend the iPhone 6 it's a smart sleek super fast phone the LCD is just stunning the phone itself is beautiful I have mine in space grey ideally what I want is a iPhone 6plus soon as I can afford it I will be buying it I'm not saying Samsung Galaxy is rubbish but for me next to iPhones they are way way behind they simply aren't fast enough you seem to get a lot of bugs with android they can lag whereas with iPhone I've never had any issues the battery life is superb too I'd say to anyone looking to buy a iPhone for first time go for it you'll not be disappointed
Joju, 17 Mar 2016Hello sir. You can do all this things with iPhone .. For downloading songs there are lots of a... moreAfter all what did you say is correct. I have both iphone and Android. And one thing is sure that android is not at all restrictive compared to Apple. I can manage everything with my note 4 without using my pc. But to manage data in my iPhone I need to use my pc. Even if a single mail attachment is too complicated to do in iphone. Simply iphone don't have that much freedom. No file manager. You can't save files locally.; After all what did you say is correct. I have both iphone and Android. And one thing is sure that android is not at all restrictive compared to Apple. I can manage everything with my note 4 without using my pc. But to manage data in my iPhone I need to use my pc. Even if a single mail attachment is too complicated to do in iphone. Simply iphone don't have that much freedom. No file manager. You can't save files locally.
bapun66, 09 Mar 2016tell me one thing. can you download songs on it? can you save attachments locally on your phon... moreHello sir. You can do all this things with iPhone .. For downloading songs there are lots of apps available. You can share anything using third party apps.. Now the point is. Please don't compare android with Apple .. Both are entirely different OS. Android is good only in nexus devices .. All other devices has a cheaper android.. Not the stock android.. iOS is pretty much optimised system.. Even with a 16 gb memory ( only 10 gb) available.. You can store lots and lots of apps.. You can frequently back up your data to iCloud . Which is really awesome. Finally iPhones or iPads are not only status symbol. They are a perfect ecosystem which you will love once you fall in the ocean of iOS system
 Thanks bro; Hello sir. You can do all this things with iPhone .. For downloading songs there are lots of apps available. You can share anything using third party apps.. Now the point is. Please don't compare android with Apple .. Both are entirely different OS. Android is good only in nexus devices .. All other devices has a cheaper android.. Not the stock android.. iOS is pretty much optimised system.. Even with a 16 gb memory ( only 10 gb) available.. You can store lots and lots of apps.. You can frequently back up your data to iCloud . Which is really awesome. Finally iPhones or iPads are not only status symbol. They are a perfect ecosystem which you will love once you fall in the ocean of iOS system; Thanks bro
@jim88 try to change ur time zone and set ur time automatically; @jim88 try to change ur time zone and set ur time automatically
I can not back up my iphone6. Can you advise me on this?; I can not back up my iphone6. Can you advise me on this?
hi my iphone6 imeesage is not working please help ??; hi my iphone6 imeesage is not working please help ??
The upcoming iphone size are big thats why 5 or 5s price are lasser because upcoming iphones size 55 or 4.7; The upcoming iphone size are big thats why 5 or 5s price are lasser because upcoming iphones size 55 or 4.7
him, 11 Mar 2016I still love the old shapes of Iphone 5 cant they just make a iphone 7 mini with the size of ... moreCorrect..; Correct..
I still love the old shapes of Iphone 5
 cant they just make a iphone 7 mini with the size of the iphone 5; I still love the old shapes of Iphone 5; cant they just make a iphone 7 mini with the size of the iphone 5
i will buy the smaller iphone 6 on 21 march 2016; i will buy the smaller iphone 6 on 21 march 2016
Aziz Ezzi, 04 Mar 2016I am Using samsung s6 now i want Iphone... So plz give me advice which to take iphone 6 or ip... moreBoth are good iPhone 6 is cheaper and better; Both are good iPhone 6 is cheaper and better
I really don't know what you are talking about. My iphone 6 never lags.; I really don't know what you are talking about. My iphone 6 never lags.
Yes kaleem ahmed you are only difference in shape and chip difference iphone 6 a8 chip and iphone 5s a7 but performance are equal only difference in shape; Yes kaleem ahmed you are only difference in shape and chip difference iphone 6 a8 chip and iphone 5s a7 but performance are equal only difference in shape
Iphone 6 is have so much lags problem...im very disapointed with this aftr 2 monts its create hang so much; Iphone 6 is have so much lags problem...im very disapointed with this aftr 2 monts its create hang so much
Rumman, 06 Mar 2016Iphone 6 is unique and different. .If anyone says it "it's not a good device" He/she original... moretell me one thing. can you download songs on it? can you save attachments locally on your phone? can you send audio songs via whatsapp? can you download more that 100 mb apps via your data pack without wifi? can you adjust the resolution of youtube video while watching on your data pack? can you send files via NFC? Can you charge the device wireless? please ans this questions and compare with android devices. what can it do......Thank you bro.; tell me one thing. can you download songs on it? can you save attachments locally on your phone? can you send audio songs via whatsapp? can you download more that 100 mb apps via your data pack without wifi? can you adjust the resolution of youtube video while watching on your data pack? can you send files via NFC? Can you charge the device wireless? please ans this questions and compare with android devices. what can it do......Thank you bro.
there is no network setting or cellular data setting in my iphone 6. What can i do now?; there is no network setting or cellular data setting in my iphone 6. What can i do now?
the price difference is too high while on quality base there is no much difference b/w iphone 5s and iphone 6 like both having 1 GB ram,8 MP camera both having fingerprint resolution is same just one thing is different which is shape i think; the price difference is too high while on quality base there is no much difference b/w iphone 5s and iphone 6 like both having 1 GB ram,8 MP camera both having fingerprint resolution is same just one thing is different which is shape i think
I Really love to use Apple iPhone 6 & as its brand i like it; I Really love to use Apple iPhone 6 & as its brand i like it
emperor80, 06 Mar 2016Dear users, I have iPhone 6 64 GB and from few days a go a virus attacked my device and all... moreHey are you using Whatsapp ? if yes then update the version. the memory full error because of Whatsapp bug; Hey are you using Whatsapp ? if yes then update the version. the memory full error because of Whatsapp bug
Hey are you using Whatsapp ? if yes then update the version. the memory full error because of Whatsapp bug; Hey are you using Whatsapp ? if yes then update the version. the memory full error because of Whatsapp bug
bapun66, 06 Mar 2016Don't buy iphone. You will regret. There are lots of restrictions. Don't change the samsung. Iphone 6 is unique and different. .If anyone says it "it's not a good device"
 He/she originally abnormal; Iphone 6 is unique and different. .If anyone says it "it's not a good device"; He/she originally abnormal
Sharath, 06 Mar 2016Upgrade yo latest version it is already updated it; it is already updated it
Aziz Ezzi, 04 Mar 2016I am Using samsung s6 now i want Iphone... So plz give me advice which to take iphone 6 or ip... moreDon't buy iphone. You will regret. There are lots of restrictions. Don't change the samsung.; Don't buy iphone. You will regret. There are lots of restrictions. Don't change the samsung.
Dan, 01 Mar 2016My iphone 6 is hanged and showing icon application logos and i can not select any icon. does ... moreUpgrade yo latest version; Upgrade yo latest version
Dear users,
 
 I have iPhone 6 64 GB and from few days a go a virus attacked my device and all the time showed me that the memory is full I formatted the device but it came back again ,the same problem happen to 2 of my friends also 
 any suggestions please; Dear users,; I have iPhone 6 64 GB and from few days a go a virus attacked my device and all the time showed me that the memory is full I formatted the device but it came back again ,the same problem happen to 2 of my friends also; any suggestions please
naz, 04 Mar 2016I lost my iphone 6. I tried tracking through Find my phone using iclouds. Its showing as offli... moreSimple you go and Buy new phone; Simple you go and Buy new phone
Aziz Ezzi, 04 Mar 2016I am Using samsung s6 now i want Iphone... So plz give me advice which to take iphone 6 or ip... morenope; nope
I lost my iphone 6. I tried tracking through Find my phone using iclouds. Its showing as offline. what can i do next? how can i track my mobile? please guide me.; I lost my iphone 6. I tried tracking through Find my phone using iclouds. Its showing as offline. what can i do next? how can i track my mobile? please guide me.
I am Using samsung s6 now i want Iphone...
 So plz give me advice which to take iphone 6 or iphone 6s i doesnt used too much camera...but i heard iphone 6 is better than i phn 6s ..its true?; I am Using samsung s6 now i want Iphone...; So plz give me advice which to take iphone 6 or iphone 6s i doesnt used too much camera...but i heard iphone 6 is better than i phn 6s ..its true?
Plong, 01 Mar 2016hey Bob, i suggest you may disable some apps that you didn't use. here's the step: go to... moreThanks Plong. I have tried your solution. I realised I had already disabled about 90% of the apps there. Are there other solutions to consider?; Thanks Plong. I have tried your solution. I realised I had already disabled about 90% of the apps there. Are there other solutions to consider?
naksa, 01 Mar 2016turn off your antivirus and try it againI don't have an antivirus on my Mac!; I don't have an antivirus on my Mac!
Sam, 02 Mar 2016Hi all, i m not a gaming geek or movie fonder but i want to know is it enough to have iphone 6... moreIf you use social networking apps, internet browsing, music , then it is more than good. out of box close to 9-10 gb available space. About the battery, you need to "calibrate" the battery first to get the maximum of it. I use 3g and wifi all the time, play vids, lot of youtube etcc and it lasts for more than a day .; If you use social networking apps, internet browsing, music , then it is more than good. out of box close to 9-10 gb available space. About the battery, you need to "calibrate" the battery first to get the maximum of it. I use 3g and wifi all the time, play vids, lot of youtube etcc and it lasts for more than a day .
Dan, 01 Mar 2016My iphone 6 is hanged and showing icon application logos and i can not select any icon. does ... moreLet the battery to drain out. it will be fine afterwards.; Let the battery to drain out. it will be fine afterwards.
Hi all, i m not a gaming geek or movie fonder but i want to know is it enough to have iphone 6 16 gb considering all its specifications, i am mainely concerned abt battery, Ram and memory???...Can u plz guys give ur expert opinion as i am new for IOS; Hi all, i m not a gaming geek or movie fonder but i want to know is it enough to have iphone 6 16 gb considering all its specifications, i am mainely concerned abt battery, Ram and memory???...Can u plz guys give ur expert opinion as i am new for IOS
Hi all,
 I have to replace my old Nokia GSM, dispose of iPhone 5 & iPhone 6.
 Wonder if i can transfer ALL my DATA from Nokia N9 to iPhone ?
 And what about Notes.rtf and MSWord files ?
 
 regards,
 paralou; Hi all,; I have to replace my old Nokia GSM, dispose of iPhone 5 & iPhone 6.; Wonder if i can transfer ALL my DATA from Nokia N9 to iPhone ?; And what about Notes.rtf and MSWord files ?; regards,; paralou
My iphone 6 is hanged and showing icon application logos and i can not select any icon. does anyone can help me how to fix this problem in my iphone 6. Thank you in advance..; My iphone 6 is hanged and showing icon application logos and i can not select any icon. does anyone can help me how to fix this problem in my iphone 6. Thank you in advance..
Plong, 01 Mar 2016hey Bob, i suggest you may disable some apps that you didn't use. here's the step: go to... moreThanks Plong. I have tried your solution. I realised I had already disabled about 90% of the apps there. Are there other solutions to consider?; Thanks Plong. I have tried your solution. I realised I had already disabled about 90% of the apps there. Are there other solutions to consider?
SkinnyJeanz, 22 Feb 2016My iPhone isn't working after updating it to the latest version. I tried restoring it and it's... moreturn off your antivirus and try it again; turn off your antivirus and try it again
hamad khalid, 25 Feb 2016samsung and iphone is best phine never came these phones have no laging and no other issues th... moreIPhone don't lag. But Samsung is number one laggy phone dude. Because of bitch touchwiz ui. If android than Sony, HTC, Nexus.; IPhone don't lag. But Samsung is number one laggy phone dude. Because of bitch touchwiz ui. If android than Sony, HTC, Nexus.
this is fendalious phone; this is fendalious phone
Bob, 29 Feb 2016My iphone 6 has been heating terribly over the past two weeks now resulting in the constant dr... morehey Bob,
 
 i suggest you may disable some apps that you didn't use. 
 here's the step:
 go to SETTINGS>GENERAL>BACKGROUND APPS REFRESH>then select some apps that you want to disable. it may help preserve battery life. I tried mine and it worked. :) hope this will help you. thanks; hey Bob,; i suggest you may disable some apps that you didn't use.; here's the step:; go to SETTINGS>GENERAL>BACKGROUND APPS REFRESH>then select some apps that you want to disable. it may help preserve battery life. I tried mine and it worked. :) hope this will help you. thanks
Bob, 29 Feb 2016My iphone 6 has been heating terribly over the past two weeks now resulting in the constant dr... moreyou need to disable some apps that you do not use. 
 turning off apps may help preserve battery life.
 
 go to SETTINGS>GENERAL>BACKGROUND APP REFRESH> then choose what apps you want to disable. i hope this will help you :); you need to disable some apps that you do not use.; turning off apps may help preserve battery life.; go to SETTINGS>GENERAL>BACKGROUND APP REFRESH> then choose what apps you want to disable. i hope this will help you :)
I am livid today as my iPhone 6 completely died today! I had bad luck with my iPhone 5 as it lost all my contacts! When my upgrade came around 6 months ago I made the big mistake to purchase an iPhone 6 and that totally died today. Now I am waiting days to have a refurbished phone delivered. Mind you not a new phone, but someone else's faulty product! Nice customer service! In 1 1/2 years when my contract is due, I will not purchase an Apple product! A six month old phone gets replaced with someone else's uses product! $500 phone and now I get a used phone! Not impressed! I will contact the Better Business Bureau on this unethical way of doing business!; I am livid today as my iPhone 6 completely died today! I had bad luck with my iPhone 5 as it lost all my contacts! When my upgrade came around 6 months ago I made the big mistake to purchase an iPhone 6 and that totally died today. Now I am waiting days to have a refurbished phone delivered. Mind you not a new phone, but someone else's faulty product! Nice customer service! In 1 1/2 years when my contract is due, I will not purchase an Apple product! A six month old phone gets replaced with someone else's uses product! $500 phone and now I get a used phone! Not impressed! I will contact the Better Business Bureau on this unethical way of doing business!
Anonymous, 24 Feb 2016What is your iOS version?I don't really know the Version I was since, I didn't pay attention to that. Do you think you can help. I have done everything to get it work but nothing.; I don't really know the Version I was since, I didn't pay attention to that. Do you think you can help. I have done everything to get it work but nothing.
My iphone 6 has been heating terribly over the past two weeks now resulting in the constant draining of the battery. I closed all apps but the situation persists. Can anyone help me?; My iphone 6 has been heating terribly over the past two weeks now resulting in the constant draining of the battery. I closed all apps but the situation persists. Can anyone help me?
omg this phone is awesome!!!! &#9829;; omg this phone is awesome!!!! &#9829;
samsung and iphone is best phine never came these phones have no laging and no other issues thn other camany phone and really smoothness now i am using iphone i am buy next phones s6 or a5 2016 one of that i am buy my personaly experience i that samsung and apple is is one of the best company never came again never came again these are best phone thanks for those my a5 2016 video quality is very super hd video play i am really enjoy; samsung and iphone is best phine never came these phones have no laging and no other issues thn other camany phone and really smoothness now i am using iphone i am buy next phones s6 or a5 2016 one of that i am buy my personaly experience i that samsung and apple is is one of the best company never came again never came again these are best phone thanks for those my a5 2016 video quality is very super hd video play i am really enjoy
shel, 24 Feb 2016I am torn between the droid x and and iphone 6....my kids say iphone so we can face time. Th... moreThe thing with facetime is that truly shows how apple have managed to manipulate their fanbase. It takes 30 seconds to install Skype on your phone which basically gives you access to video-calling for any device; yet a lot of people think that is only possible with iphones.
 
 I had this phone for almost half a year and I have maybe 2-3 people in my circle of friends who still use iphones unfortunately. I have no problem skyping them from my LG phone (and soon S7 Edge if i can afford it).
 
 Don't make your decision based on facetime; that is just a limited skype basically - an app you can have on any iOS, Android or Windows device. If you think iphones are great, then that's fine, go for it. But if you prefer better camera, battery, customization and ability to connect your phone with other devices (not just iphones), then I would recommend a different make - personally i would suggest high end Samsung or LG...; The thing with facetime is that truly shows how apple have managed to manipulate their fanbase. It takes 30 seconds to install Skype on your phone which basically gives you access to video-calling for any device; yet a lot of people think that is only possible with iphones.; I had this phone for almost half a year and I have maybe 2-3 people in my circle of friends who still use iphones unfortunately. I have no problem skyping them from my LG phone (and soon S7 Edge if i can afford it).; Don't make your decision based on facetime; that is just a limited skype basically - an app you can have on any iOS, Android or Windows device. If you think iphones are great, then that's fine, go for it. But if you prefer better camera, battery, customization and ability to connect your phone with other devices (not just iphones), then I would recommend a different make - personally i would suggest high end Samsung or LG...
p, 24 Feb 2016Buy a better make of smartphones. Not to sound rude, but you can't really buy something from a... morehater detected; hater detected
shel, 24 Feb 2016I am torn between the droid x and and iphone 6....my kids say iphone so we can face time. Th... moreIf you are currently using an android never ever buy an iOS device bkz these devices are not for optimization & multitasking you gonna to feel like imprisoned, now choice is yours 
 Have a nice day; If you are currently using an android never ever buy an iOS device bkz these devices are not for optimization & multitasking you gonna to feel like imprisoned, now choice is yours; Have a nice day
SkinnyJeanz, 22 Feb 2016My iPhone isn't working after updating it to the latest version. I tried restoring it and it's... moreJust take a flight go to area 51 :/; Just take a flight go to area 51 :/
how to to verify whether iphone is 16gb or 64gb before buying; how to to verify whether iphone is 16gb or 64gb before buying
I prefer to use iPhone bec it is pretty, fast and useful. The resell value is also good.; I prefer to use iPhone bec it is pretty, fast and useful. The resell value is also good.
The Audio is intermittent on my phone. I took my phone to The Apple Store at City Center in Las Vegas. The technician duplicated my problem several times. My phone wouldn't always ring, text tone, or play audio for YouTube videos. 
 The technician restored my NEW iPhlone 6 and it still didn't fix the problem. 
 I asked if my Blue tooth be the cause of the problem? He wasn't sure. The technician set me up with a new iPhone 6 and it was working okay by the time I arrived into the parking garage. The phone didn't give me a text tone for about three messages from my wife & my son who's an Apple Geek! 
 I immediately walked back into the Apple Store. My technician was already gone for the day. Yup! You may have guessed, I spent another hour waiting and working with another technician. Total 3.5 hours messing with my iPhone 6 intermittent audio problems. They wouldn't give me another iPhone 6 because it appears it's a software malfunction that hasn't been identified before. The technician told me to post my problem to if there are others with the same problem!
 I believe the Blue Tooth software switch doesn't cleanly select & deselect between the blue tooth component(s) and speaker manual audio output.; The Audio is intermittent on my phone. I took my phone to The Apple Store at City Center in Las Vegas. The technician duplicated my problem several times. My phone wouldn't always ring, text tone, or play audio for YouTube videos.; The technician restored my NEW iPhlone 6 and it still didn't fix the problem.; I asked if my Blue tooth be the cause of the problem? He wasn't sure. The technician set me up with a new iPhone 6 and it was working okay by the time I arrived into the parking garage. The phone didn't give me a text tone for about three messages from my wife & my son who's an Apple Geek!; I immediately walked back into the Apple Store. My technician was already gone for the day. Yup! You may have guessed, I spent another hour waiting and working with another technician. Total 3.5 hours messing with my iPhone 6 intermittent audio problems. They wouldn't give me another iPhone 6 because it appears it's a software malfunction that hasn't been identified before. The technician told me to post my problem to if there are others with the same problem!; I believe the Blue Tooth software switch doesn't cleanly select & deselect between the blue tooth component(s) and speaker manual audio output.
I am torn between the droid x and and iphone 6....my kids say iphone so we can face time.
 The droid x is so big! however its a free upgrde...help and suggestions/thoughts; I am torn between the droid x and and iphone 6....my kids say iphone so we can face time.; The droid x is so big! however its a free upgrde...help and suggestions/thoughts
p, 24 Feb 2016Buy a better make of smartphones. Not to sound rude, but you can't really buy something from a... moremost sold phone?maybe; most sold phone?maybe
SkinnyJeanz, 22 Feb 2016My iPhone isn't working after updating it to the latest version. I tried restoring it and it's... moreWhat is your iOS version?; What is your iOS version?
SkinnyJeanz, 22 Feb 2016My iPhone isn't working after updating it to the latest version. I tried restoring it and it's... moreBuy a better make of smartphones. Not to sound rude, but you can't really buy something from apple and expect quality!? Especially phone-wise; computer-wise they are decent, but phone-wise they are 3-4 years behind the competition. I guess they're ok as far as cheaper-looking phones go...; Buy a better make of smartphones. Not to sound rude, but you can't really buy something from apple and expect quality!? Especially phone-wise; computer-wise they are decent, but phone-wise they are 3-4 years behind the competition. I guess they're ok as far as cheaper-looking phones go...
hahahahahahahaha iphone; hahahahahahahaha iphone
My iPhone isn't working after updating it to the latest version. I tried restoring it and it's giving me Error 56. Any help?; My iPhone isn't working after updating it to the latest version. I tried restoring it and it's giving me Error 56. Any help?
It's a good phone. very nice design and very minimal logs. Specs are also good if you are familiar with how to use them.; It's a good phone. very nice design and very minimal logs. Specs are also good if you are familiar with how to use them.
Zix, 17 Feb 2016I have had iphone 5 for 3 years, and after usage I have realized that Iphone is the biggest ju... moreI am not a Samsung fan even I have one. I have had 3 Samsung phones during the years and ALL of them have problems.
 Touchwiz is shit. It's freezing, rebooting and it has LAG. A lot of lag...even the specs are very good. I don't know about Iphone but I didn't hear people complaining about that.
 
 YES, the prices are huge for all the phones (over 800 USD) but it's the clients fault because they want to renews their items yearly when it's not necessary.
 How many of you are using the phones for more than Facebook, Whats app, Viber, music and MAYBE some games from time to time? 
 
 You don't need a new phone yearly. You don't need Ultra High Res screen while the human eyen cannot see any difference on a 5.00 inch screen....; I am not a Samsung fan even I have one. I have had 3 Samsung phones during the years and ALL of them have problems.; Touchwiz is shit. It's freezing, rebooting and it has LAG. A lot of lag...even the specs are very good. I don't know about Iphone but I didn't hear people complaining about that.; YES, the prices are huge for all the phones (over 800 USD) but it's the clients fault because they want to renews their items yearly when it's not necessary.; How many of you are using the phones for more than Facebook, Whats app, Viber, music and MAYBE some games from time to time?; You don't need a new phone yearly. You don't need Ultra High Res screen while the human eyen cannot see any difference on a 5.00 inch screen....
Anonymous, 20 Feb 2016no Okay thanks; Okay thanks
mac0x, 19 Feb 2016Hi guys is it a good that I buy an iPhone 6 that is icloud locked ? Please reply soonno; no
Hi guys is it a good that I buy an iPhone 6 that is icloud locked ? Please reply soon; Hi guys is it a good that I buy an iPhone 6 that is icloud locked ? Please reply soon
My face is missing using Airtel in India phone purchase from Oman pls help its showing in notificationn in mobile data; My face is missing using Airtel in India phone purchase from Oman pls help its showing in notificationn in mobile data
i had this problem with the same phone i backed it up and then reset and every thing just working fine now; i had this problem with the same phone i backed it up and then reset and every thing just working fine now
price vadhare 6e; price vadhare 6e
Sid, 16 Feb 2016In iphone if I purchase 16gb and my internal memory full then where I move my imp data picture... moreSave your data on pc backup and you can use google photos to save your photos. Your problem will be sorted.; Save your data on pc backup and you can use google photos to save your photos. Your problem will be sorted.
Zix, 17 Feb 2016I have had iphone 5 for 3 years, and after usage I have realized that Iphone is the biggest ju... moreAndroid doesn't have any control on apps. Atleast apple has that and apps work flawless on an iphone. And you are always up to date with new sofware. In case of samsung you will get update after ages. Marshmellow is availabe on nexus 5 for atleast 4 months and s6 just got beta for testers. 
 
 Apple is best.; Android doesn't have any control on apps. Atleast apple has that and apps work flawless on an iphone. And you are always up to date with new sofware. In case of samsung you will get update after ages. Marshmellow is availabe on nexus 5 for atleast 4 months and s6 just got beta for testers.; Apple is best.
Zix, 17 Feb 2016I have had iphone 5 for 3 years, and after usage I have realized that Iphone is the biggest ju... moretotally agree with you; totally agree with you
Zix, 17 Feb 2016I have had iphone 5 for 3 years, and after usage I have realized that Iphone is the biggest ju... moreThen enjoy with your Samsung S6,....................; Then enjoy with your Samsung S6,....................
I have had iphone 5 for 3 years, and after usage I have realized that Iphone is the biggest junk ever made. This is all about marketing and image. Apple does not have a quality not even hardware spec like other phones. The price is simple overpriced and all just because of the name. I have now Samsung S6 and this is at least 3generation better phone then iphone 6. Look at spec and you will notice yourself. Apple store vs Google store, you have to pay on Apple store for things on Google store which is free. You are forced to use apple softoware on pc to do anything. You don't have the control where/how to store your files on iphone ...etc.....so people open up you eyes...; I have had iphone 5 for 3 years, and after usage I have realized that Iphone is the biggest junk ever made. This is all about marketing and image. Apple does not have a quality not even hardware spec like other phones. The price is simple overpriced and all just because of the name. I have now Samsung S6 and this is at least 3generation better phone then iphone 6. Look at spec and you will notice yourself. Apple store vs Google store, you have to pay on Apple store for things on Google store which is free. You are forced to use apple softoware on pc to do anything. You don't have the control where/how to store your files on iphone ...etc.....so people open up you eyes...
Sid, 16 Feb 2016In iphone if I purchase 16gb and my internal memory full then where I move my imp data picture... moreBro u can move ur data to online storese.
 eg cloud etc; Bro u can move ur data to online storese.; eg cloud etc
I Love This Phone Best Phone Experience & very cool working ...eating some more internet data but its ok >>>>Love ir; I Love This Phone Best Phone Experience & very cool working ...eating some more internet data but its ok >>>>Love ir
In iphone if I purchase 16gb and my internal memory full then where I move my imp data pictures video . In cloud or in Gmail.and if I want share this then any option is available or not .plz give me ans then I will purchase this beautiful device otherwise my next choice is samsung galaxy s7 or note 4; In iphone if I purchase 16gb and my internal memory full then where I move my imp data pictures video . In cloud or in Gmail.and if I want share this then any option is available or not .plz give me ans then I will purchase this beautiful device otherwise my next choice is samsung galaxy s7 or note 4
My iphone 6 model number is A1586. Will it CDMA network? I m currently using GSM sim in it. If I insert CDMA sim will it work? Kindly reply if anybody has tried; My iphone 6 model number is A1586. Will it CDMA network? I m currently using GSM sim in it. If I insert CDMA sim will it work? Kindly reply if anybody has tried
i will buy my first iphone and it is gonna be iphone 6, the problem is that i prefere android but i have like something in my feelings that i need an iphone 6... the difference with iphone and androids are that androids can be hacked and get more space in ds card, and that everything is free or most of the things. please tell me it is gonna be a good phone for me ?; i will buy my first iphone and it is gonna be iphone 6, the problem is that i prefere android but i have like something in my feelings that i need an iphone 6... the difference with iphone and androids are that androids can be hacked and get more space in ds card, and that everything is free or most of the things. please tell me it is gonna be a good phone for me ?
i just want to buy this phone It's pretty good phone excellent features
 love 
 this 
 phone; i just want to buy this phone It's pretty good phone excellent features; love; this; phone
This is third class phone. its very complicated to use. no provision to transfer files download music etc. I suggest you to not to buy this phone; This is third class phone. its very complicated to use. no provision to transfer files download music etc. I suggest you to not to buy this phone
Brock Bricky, 04 Feb 2016I have a question about this phone, It is possible to download free music from browser in th... moredownload i file software den u can download any song from any Site easily; download i file software den u can download any song from any Site easily
Would like to find soft earbuds that are a cheaper option than apple brand. Have not found any that fit IPhone 6!; Would like to find soft earbuds that are a cheaper option than apple brand. Have not found any that fit IPhone 6!
I would like to be able to get/download a manual for my iPhone so I could set my settings without going to the phone store. Most can not answer my questions but want to sell me something I do not want.; I would like to be able to get/download a manual for my iPhone so I could set my settings without going to the phone store. Most can not answer my questions but want to sell me something I do not want.
Why Face time not available in my i phone 6?; Why Face time not available in my i phone 6?
camera result awesome best cell ever; camera result awesome best cell ever
After 9.2.1 there is some heating issue how can i fix it; After 9.2.1 there is some heating issue how can i fix it
iphone 6 users, 08 Feb 2016i have iphone 6. Does anyone tell me how to pause video recording while recording.It's not possible.; It's not possible.
How can I notice on the screen if I call someone and am on wait?; How can I notice on the screen if I call someone and am on wait?
Albert, 09 Feb 2016Just buy an Android phone, Iphones are overated and much more complicated on the system than A... moreYeah sadly I'm stuck with this piece of crap until my upgrade but currently looking at a BLU pure XL the specs are amazing compared to the iphone!.; Yeah sadly I'm stuck with this piece of crap until my upgrade but currently looking at a BLU pure XL the specs are amazing compared to the iphone!.
Albert, 09 Feb 2016Just buy an Android phone, Iphones are overated and much more complicated on the system than A... moreyou can use nokia 1110... it is very simple to use and is nicely rated..; you can use nokia 1110... it is very simple to use and is nicely rated..
Just buy an Android phone, Iphones are overated and much more complicated on the system than Android.; Just buy an Android phone, Iphones are overated and much more complicated on the system than Android.
i have iphone 6. Does anyone tell me how to pause video recording while recording.; i have iphone 6. Does anyone tell me how to pause video recording while recording.
What is the free app to download the youtube vedio; What is the free app to download the youtube vedio
Anyone who encountered Error 53, though the phone hasn't been repaired since purchase?; Anyone who encountered Error 53, though the phone hasn't been repaired since purchase?
Bob123, 05 Feb 2016How much storage is available right from the box?12.57gb on ios 9 or above; 12.57gb on ios 9 or above
Brock Bricky, 04 Feb 2016I have a question about this phone, It is possible to download free music from browser in th... moreYes you can ,AppStore has lots of web browsers with downloading capability .eg :mercury browser ,puffin browser.; Yes you can ,AppStore has lots of web browsers with downloading capability .eg :mercury browser ,puffin browser.
How much storage is available right from the box?; How much storage is available right from the box?
gaurav bigg, 04 Feb 2016I dont think so.We have to purchase song through Itune only.Yes it is possible use trustworthy site, download to your compute,r then bring into itunes.; Yes it is possible use trustworthy site, download to your compute,r then bring into itunes.
This best phone; This best phone
thomas, 01 Feb 2016i phone 6 64 GB having Face time?yeah....; yeah....
brigham, 01 Feb 2016I love my iPhone 6 space gray, me too; me too
Smarty , 01 Feb 2016Hey people ? I need a suggestion plz ? Which one to buy HTC ONE E9+ or I phone 6 ? Suggest you... more6; 6
Super Presh, 03 Feb 2016Does it have Led notification light?yes ...setting - general - accessibility then LED flash for alerts...; yes ...setting - general - accessibility then LED flash for alerts...
[deleted post]no.. You can use diff diff apps for songs to get download and play.; no.. You can use diff diff apps for songs to get download and play.
Super Presh, 03 Feb 2016Does it have Led notification light?No; No
I have a question about this phone, 
 It is possible to download free music from browser in this phone?; I have a question about this phone,; It is possible to download free music from browser in this phone?
Anonymous, 02 Feb 2016Does this phone led notification light?Does it have Led notification light?; Does it have Led notification light?
Sid.9001, 31 Jan 2016Thanx for good positive opinion. Now i m using note 2 and i m thinking to buy iphone 6. I m also thinking to buy iphone 6 from 2 yrs I m using note 2 very good performance but this month I have hanging problem when I open flip card or olx app. So finally I m decide to buy iphone 6 thanx for positive thinking; I m also thinking to buy iphone 6 from 2 yrs I m using note 2 very good performance but this month I have hanging problem when I open flip card or olx app. So finally I m decide to buy iphone 6 thanx for positive thinking
Does this phone led notification light?; Does this phone led notification light?
veli, 01 Feb 2016I want to upgrade my contract so I'm confuse between note 5 and Iphone s6...pls advice me with... morehey veli
 If you really need a phone with good specs and ideal battery time, Note 5 must be your choice, because iphone has only a single flaw which is its battery time.Recently I switch from Note 4 to Iphone 6.
 The major difference is it battery time.
 Note 4 gives me about about 1.5 days of battery time with almost all apps running including Bluetooth,Wifi,Mobile Data,on the other hand iphone gives me about 10 to 12 hours of battery time on the same amount of usage, which is totally quite annoying thing.
 I need to charge my Iphone twice a day!
 Go for Note 5!; hey veli; If you really need a phone with good specs and ideal battery time, Note 5 must be your choice, because iphone has only a single flaw which is its battery time.Recently I switch from Note 4 to Iphone 6.; The major difference is it battery time.; Note 4 gives me about about 1.5 days of battery time with almost all apps running including Bluetooth,Wifi,Mobile Data,on the other hand iphone gives me about 10 to 12 hours of battery time on the same amount of usage, which is totally quite annoying thing.; I need to charge my Iphone twice a day!; Go for Note 5!
veli, 01 Feb 2016I want to upgrade my contract so I'm confuse between note 5 and Iphone s6...pls advice me with... moreIf your going to go with anything go Samsung s6; If your going to go with anything go Samsung s6
veli, 01 Feb 2016I want to upgrade my contract so I'm confuse between note 5 and Iphone s6...pls advice me with... morejust as simple as you do in android just...sync with google account
 with that id login in your iphone and with the contacts toggle on; just as simple as you do in android just...sync with google account; with that id login in your iphone and with the contacts toggle on
Dino, 01 Feb 2016I've owned every brand of phone over the years from suit case to now. My Apple iPhone 6 is all... moreLol! Couple months ago I've decided to switch to iOS (was a Motorola user for ages) so I got iPhone 6, it frustrated the jesus outta me!! ... Long story short; 3 days ago, I bought a Motorola Moto E 2nd LTE for only $100, just tryna get rid of iOS, believing or not it's a way faster and more polish than iphone that costs 'bout more than 6 times of that price. Apple is just a hype.; Lol! Couple months ago I've decided to switch to iOS (was a Motorola user for ages) so I got iPhone 6, it frustrated the jesus outta me!! ... Long story short; 3 days ago, I bought a Motorola Moto E 2nd LTE for only $100, just tryna get rid of iOS, believing or not it's a way faster and more polish than iphone that costs 'bout more than 6 times of that price. Apple is just a hype.
I want to upgrade my contract so I'm confuse between note 5 and Iphone s6...pls advice me with one is the best and long life time.; I want to upgrade my contract so I'm confuse between note 5 and Iphone s6...pls advice me with one is the best and long life time.
Hey people ? I need a suggestion plz ? Which one to buy HTC ONE E9+ or I phone 6 ? Suggest your answers plz !; Hey people ? I need a suggestion plz ? Which one to buy HTC ONE E9+ or I phone 6 ? Suggest your answers plz !
I love my iPhone 6 space gray,; I love my iPhone 6 space gray,
I've owned every brand of phone over the years from suit case to now. My Apple iPhone 6 is all the bad things of all the different phone brands in one. But worse. Changing a correctly spelled word to another word that makes what I'm saying make no since is at its worst with it. Can not fix one letter, only the whole word. When I use Siri she doesn't know what I'm saying and accuses me of cussing. Frustrating using it most of the time. I had a Motorola that cost $100 before this one that makes me feel like I've been over charged for a make believe phone. It uses excessive Data to, double what the moto did. I push a letter, it prints the letter next to it and sometimes a letter far from it, but not the one I pushed. This phone is a Christmas gift to me and I think I will be switching back to my moto; I've owned every brand of phone over the years from suit case to now. My Apple iPhone 6 is all the bad things of all the different phone brands in one. But worse. Changing a correctly spelled word to another word that makes what I'm saying make no since is at its worst with it. Can not fix one letter, only the whole word. When I use Siri she doesn't know what I'm saying and accuses me of cussing. Frustrating using it most of the time. I had a Motorola that cost $100 before this one that makes me feel like I've been over charged for a make believe phone. It uses excessive Data to, double what the moto did. I push a letter, it prints the letter next to it and sometimes a letter far from it, but not the one I pushed. This phone is a Christmas gift to me and I think I will be switching back to my moto
is 299 Euro for iphone 6 16gb worth it? With contract; is 299 Euro for iphone 6 16gb worth it? With contract
i phone 6 64 GB having Face time?; i phone 6 64 GB having Face time?
kiyani, 30 Jan 2016IPhone 5s better then iPhone 6 or 6 plus5s is too small to enjoy multimedia.; 5s is too small to enjoy multimedia.
Sharath, 07 Jan 2016I friends I'm from karnataka (India). If you really want super cool mobile with high safty j... moreThanx for good positive opinion. Now i m using note 2 and i m thinking to buy iphone 6.; Thanx for good positive opinion. Now i m using note 2 and i m thinking to buy iphone 6.
Anonymous, 30 Jan 2016Which one better apple 5s, Apple 6, Apple 6s? Plz answer me.6s is the best phone, but the best combination of price and features is the 6.; 6s is the best phone, but the best combination of price and features is the 6.
Anonymous, 30 Jan 2016Which one better apple 5s, Apple 6, Apple 6s? Plz answer me.was this even a question..
 ofc iphone 6; was this even a question..; ofc iphone 6
IPhone 5s better then iPhone 6 or 6 plus; IPhone 5s better then iPhone 6 or 6 plus
price is bit high, but phone performance & all awesome, i am happy to use this iphone.; price is bit high, but phone performance & all awesome, i am happy to use this iphone.
Which one better apple 5s, Apple 6, Apple 6s? Plz answer me.; Which one better apple 5s, Apple 6, Apple 6s? Plz answer me.
i am using sony xperia c3 nw i am planing iphone6 hw is dis guysss.....; i am using sony xperia c3 nw i am planing iphone6 hw is dis guysss.....
iPhone 6 heating up after 9.2.1 update. Any solutions?; iPhone 6 heating up after 9.2.1 update. Any solutions?
KannanR, 26 Jan 2016Iphone 6 getting heat Update Required; Update Required
Moreno9, 28 Jan 2016Please which of these phones is better to use between Sony Xperia Z3 and Iphone 6? Thanks in advanceBoth mob are different form each other ... my opinion is go for android better than ios ...but not for z3 ..galaxy s6 is better in same price; Both mob are different form each other ... my opinion is go for android better than ios ...but not for z3 ..galaxy s6 is better in same price
I'm planning on getting an iPhone 6 and I'm wondering if if I could get the pros and cons. Also , would like to know how to keep the bat lasting si e most of you are complaining of of the bat.; I'm planning on getting an iPhone 6 and I'm wondering if if I could get the pros and cons. Also , would like to know how to keep the bat lasting si e most of you are complaining of of the bat.
Please which of these phones is better to use between Sony Xperia Z3 and Iphone 6? Thanks in advance; Please which of these phones is better to use between Sony Xperia Z3 and Iphone 6? Thanks in advance
Riz, 26 Jan 2016Is this true that there is iphone 6 color silver in the front and the back is gold? Is it original?Colors of iPhone 6 are:
 
 Space Grey = Black front. Grey back.
 Silver = White front. Silver back.
 Gold = White front. Gold black.
 
 Maybe you're talking about the white on the front. Apple never released an iPhone with a silver color on the front.; Colors of iPhone 6 are:; Space Grey = Black front. Grey back.; Silver = White front. Silver back.; Gold = White front. Gold black.; Maybe you're talking about the white on the front. Apple never released an iPhone with a silver color on the front.
Iphone 6 getting heat; Iphone 6 getting heat
Is this true that there is iphone 6 color silver in the front and the back is gold? Is it original?; Is this true that there is iphone 6 color silver in the front and the back is gold? Is it original?
Bad phone. Screen is loose. Brought it to the Genius store they said they fixed it but after a week, same problem. Twice!! Steve Jobs, look at what they are doing to your company!; Bad phone. Screen is loose. Brought it to the Genius store they said they fixed it but after a week, same problem. Twice!! Steve Jobs, look at what they are doing to your company!
Had an iPhone 5s. Before that I was using Zenfone 5. Sold my 5s *reasons*. Back to my Zenfone 5. Now, I'm thinking about buying iPhone 6.
 
 Why iPhone 6, not the 6s?
 Simple. They're the same. Yes I know, I know. Different internals, 3D touch, 12MP/5MP, 2GB RAM. Is it worth it? I don't think so.
 
 Maybe 6s for me was just like "for-the-sake-of-releasing-a-new-phone-every-yea­r". 5s to 6 was a big leap. 6 to 6s was not like that, imo.
 
 Those who are thinking of buying a new phone and torn between an iPhone 6 or 6s, get the former. Then save up until the iPhone 7 or even 7s.; Had an iPhone 5s. Before that I was using Zenfone 5. Sold my 5s *reasons*. Back to my Zenfone 5. Now, I'm thinking about buying iPhone 6.; Why iPhone 6, not the 6s?; Simple. They're the same. Yes I know, I know. Different internals, 3D touch, 12MP/5MP, 2GB RAM. Is it worth it? I don't think so.; Maybe 6s for me was just like "for-the-sake-of-releasing-a-new-phone-every-yea­r". 5s to 6 was a big leap. 6 to 6s was not like that, imo.; Those who are thinking of buying a new phone and torn between an iPhone 6 or 6s, get the former. Then save up until the iPhone 7 or even 7s.
nawawy, 23 Jan 2016i need ur advice guys from the users and expert in iPhone shall i go ahead for iPhone 5s or iP... moreI recommend going with the 6. You'll like the larger screen; I recommend going with the 6. You'll like the larger screen
ali, 23 Jan 2016iphone 5s is better on hardwareMaybe you should stick with the iPhone 6 because it is more up to date. Close to same to the iPhone 5. The price well you decide. But if I were you I'm gonna buy the newer one.; Maybe you should stick with the iPhone 6 because it is more up to date. Close to same to the iPhone 5. The price well you decide. But if I were you I'm gonna buy the newer one.
nawawy, 23 Jan 2016i need ur advice guys from the users and expert in iPhone shall i go ahead for iPhone 5s or iP... moreHi
 Iphone is the great smartphone. The way it is built the way it lands on your hand it truelly is a nice handset. Its weakest area is the battery and memory. I suggest you change your mind and buy yourself the Blackberry Leap. Blackberry Leap is a modified Blackberry Z10.The Leap has a fatter batter(2800 MAH) with two gigabytes memory process all those heavy apps plus the latest Snapdragon processor to quickly access the internet and process just about every duty a computer needs to process. Buy Blackberry Leap it is loaded with latest Blackberry OS and is upgradeable to a higher OS platform. All these for a lesser price and you will be doing everything an Iphone user will be doing; Hi; Iphone is the great smartphone. The way it is built the way it lands on your hand it truelly is a nice handset. Its weakest area is the battery and memory. I suggest you change your mind and buy yourself the Blackberry Leap. Blackberry Leap is a modified Blackberry Z10.The Leap has a fatter batter(2800 MAH) with two gigabytes memory process all those heavy apps plus the latest Snapdragon processor to quickly access the internet and process just about every duty a computer needs to process. Buy Blackberry Leap it is loaded with latest Blackberry OS and is upgradeable to a higher OS platform. All these for a lesser price and you will be doing everything an Iphone user will be doing
nawawy, 23 Jan 2016i need ur advice guys from the users and expert in iPhone shall i go ahead for iPhone 5s or iP... moreiphone 5s is better on hardware; iphone 5s is better on hardware
i need ur advice guys from the users and expert in iPhone shall i go ahead for iPhone 5s or iPhone 6?..thanks; i need ur advice guys from the users and expert in iPhone shall i go ahead for iPhone 5s or iPhone 6?..thanks
I have been android user for 5 years then now using iPhone. User experience, interface, apps are all great and with lesser bugs. Just buy a power bank to compensate the smaller battery.; I have been android user for 5 years then now using iPhone. User experience, interface, apps are all great and with lesser bugs. Just buy a power bank to compensate the smaller battery.
I am an android fan boy since 2.1 eclair version upto 5.0.1 lollipop. But now for the last month I tried i phone 6 silver 16 GB. Before that i am not interested in this device. But after using this I really like to use it. Only the high price is a burden otherwise a beautiful device to own. User friendly.
 Pros>
 1) Good design and easy to hold
 2) simple user interface
 3) touch id gives u high security
 4) Slow motion video is superb
 5) sound quality is awesome
 6) ios 9.0.2 is good update
 
 Cons>
 1) High price in terms of specs
 2) Sharing files with other device is not easy
 3) Cannot download songs from safari web browser
 4) Map and navigation is not good
 5) siri has some limitations in India
 
 Hope this will be helpful if you are planning to change from android to ios or even ios to android
 Thank you; I am an android fan boy since 2.1 eclair version upto 5.0.1 lollipop. But now for the last month I tried i phone 6 silver 16 GB. Before that i am not interested in this device. But after using this I really like to use it. Only the high price is a burden otherwise a beautiful device to own. User friendly.; Pros>; 1) Good design and easy to hold; 2) simple user interface; 3) touch id gives u high security; 4) Slow motion video is superb; 5) sound quality is awesome; 6) ios 9.0.2 is good update; Cons>; 1) High price in terms of specs; 2) Sharing files with other device is not easy; 3) Cannot download songs from safari web browser; 4) Map and navigation is not good; 5) siri has some limitations in India; Hope this will be helpful if you are planning to change from android to ios or even ios to android; Thank you
OMG thanks for the 9.2.1 update bugs are truly fix now my 3G data connection is now as fast as blaze my iPhone 6 is now amazing! Juicekolord! For the coming update 9.3 I'll think about it if I want it to update. For now my iOS is good.; OMG thanks for the 9.2.1 update bugs are truly fix now my 3G data connection is now as fast as blaze my iPhone 6 is now amazing! Juicekolord! For the coming update 9.3 I'll think about it if I want it to update. For now my iOS is good.
super work; super work
CD, 21 Jan 2016One question, one answer. Galaxy S6 or iPhone 6?Nokia 3210; Nokia 3210
CD, 21 Jan 2016One question, one answer. Galaxy S6 or iPhone 6?For a long time satisfaction, must go for iphone 6..but you have to consider the battery performance..; For a long time satisfaction, must go for iphone 6..but you have to consider the battery performance..
dubash, 21 Jan 2016It's a good phone dude. A very beautiful and slim design.Yes, indeed..Agree with you.; Yes, indeed..Agree with you.
rahul , 21 Jan 2016not a good phone ....i request dont buy . there are few issues with the hardware(hey siri) ..... moreIt's a good phone dude. A very beautiful and slim design.; It's a good phone dude. A very beautiful and slim design.
i'm using the iPhone 6 since 3 months. I think, it's the best smartphone with a beautiful design. But battery life is not that good as expected.; i'm using the iPhone 6 since 3 months. I think, it's the best smartphone with a beautiful design. But battery life is not that good as expected.
One question, one answer.
 
 Galaxy S6 or iPhone 6?; One question, one answer.; Galaxy S6 or iPhone 6?
AbuSherjil, 15 Jan 2016I'm a regular user of iphone since 5 yrs. the best model they made till now is the iphone 4s, ... moreHi! I want purches iPhone 6 64gb is it good are not? pleas help me!
 Thanks; Hi! I want purches iPhone 6 64gb is it good are not? pleas help me!; Thanks
not a good phone ....i request dont buy .
 there are few issues with the hardware(hey siri) ....instead of fixing the problem.....they find reasons for not doing so....they do not provide adequate service
 thanks folks beware; not a good phone ....i request dont buy .; there are few issues with the hardware(hey siri) ....instead of fixing the problem.....they find reasons for not doing so....they do not provide adequate service; thanks folks beware
Bought it two days ago..so far so good, I considered the issue of charge back up..The silver one is really sexy, I just love it..Little slippery as well, but I am happy whatever it is..Thanks Apple; Bought it two days ago..so far so good, I considered the issue of charge back up..The silver one is really sexy, I just love it..Little slippery as well, but I am happy whatever it is..Thanks Apple
Othmanovic, 19 Jan 2016It is not issued Jailbreak for ios 9.2 Hi friends ... I am planning to buy iPhone 6 is it good r wat; Hi friends ... I am planning to buy iPhone 6 is it good r wat
Brianwash17, 16 Jan 2016Can someone tell me who Jailbroked their iPhone 6 on iOS 9.2 ,cuz i want to jailbreak mine C... moreIt is not issued Jailbreak for ios 9.2; It is not issued Jailbreak for ios 9.2
Brianwash17, 16 Jan 2016Can someone tell me who Jailbroked their iPhone 6 on iOS 9.2 ,cuz i want to jailbreak mine C... moreyes it can be done at ur nearest mobile store..; yes it can be done at ur nearest mobile store..
Can someone tell me who Jailbroked their iPhone 6 on iOS 9.2 ,cuz i want to jailbreak mine 
 Can anyone tell me if its possible to jailbreak it or nah ?; Can someone tell me who Jailbroked their iPhone 6 on iOS 9.2 ,cuz i want to jailbreak mine; Can anyone tell me if its possible to jailbreak it or nah ?
Post iPhone 5s,the design of of iPhone has gone awry. They look like some China made mobile. They should have stuck to iPhone 5s design.That is a typical apple iPhone design,; Post iPhone 5s,the design of of iPhone has gone awry. They look like some China made mobile. They should have stuck to iPhone 5s design.That is a typical apple iPhone design,
I'm a regular user of iphone since 5 yrs. the best model they made till now is the iphone 4s, regarding the battery and data usage on a sim card. they should bring the price an economy friendly for the users.; I'm a regular user of iphone since 5 yrs. the best model they made till now is the iphone 4s, regarding the battery and data usage on a sim card. they should bring the price an economy friendly for the users.
I recently buy i phone 6 it was good phones there is pros and cons......
 PROS
 1. Compact size
 2. Camera 
 3. Ios 8 which is faster ever
 4. Fingerprint scanner
 5. Gaming performance
 CONS
 1. Battery was not great for heavy user.
 2. Heats up a little bit with extensive gaming.
 3. Screen resoulation.
 4. Doesn't have optical image stablization.
 5. Price little bit high for casual person.; I recently buy i phone 6 it was good phones there is pros and cons......; PROS; 1. Compact size; 2. Camera; 3. Ios 8 which is faster ever; 4. Fingerprint scanner; 5. Gaming performance; CONS; 1. Battery was not great for heavy user.; 2. Heats up a little bit with extensive gaming.; 3. Screen resoulation.; 4. Doesn't have optical image stablization.; 5. Price little bit high for casual person.
Amir, 29 Dec 2015Just wondering . Why people said iphone is better than android ? I'm rather sure that Apple craze is mostly a US only thing. I know a lot of people with iPhones, but I only know one person who actually thinks they are better. They aren't bad, they are just way worse than the price tag suggests. You are paying for the coolness factor of the brand, not the quality of the product. (Disclaimer: My one and only iProduct was an iPhone 4S. It was a decisive let down, so I went back to Android after that).; I'm rather sure that Apple craze is mostly a US only thing. I know a lot of people with iPhones, but I only know one person who actually thinks they are better. They aren't bad, they are just way worse than the price tag suggests. You are paying for the coolness factor of the brand, not the quality of the product. (Disclaimer: My one and only iProduct was an iPhone 4S. It was a decisive let down, so I went back to Android after that).
il will buy iphone 7 if you make a 5 inches fullhd screen with very small bezels.So total size should be smaller than iphone 6...Don't mind if will be a bit thicker but at least a 2600 mah battery or better 3000 mah will be required...; il will buy iphone 7 if you make a 5 inches fullhd screen with very small bezels.So total size should be smaller than iphone 6...Don't mind if will be a bit thicker but at least a 2600 mah battery or better 3000 mah will be required...
Purchased an I-phone 6 in good faith. It overheats inn my pocket, it won't hold a charge. It must be recharged @ least 3 x a day with minimal use, AT&T store sez that is normall ????? They refused to do anything about it & insist I must take it to a big AT&T store 70 miles away. THIS is customer service????; Purchased an I-phone 6 in good faith. It overheats inn my pocket, it won't hold a charge. It must be recharged @ least 3 x a day with minimal use, AT&T store sez that is normall ????? They refused to do anything about it & insist I must take it to a big AT&T store 70 miles away. THIS is customer service????
FLASH, 09 Jan 2016nothing like asus zenfone 5.....best ever smart phone created.Yes bro Asus zenfone 5 is better in camera quality no laghingh at all and good phone to buy easy to use everyday.. Just lacking was battery life and now it is solved with new Asus zenfone max...; Yes bro Asus zenfone 5 is better in camera quality no laghingh at all and good phone to buy easy to use everyday.. Just lacking was battery life and now it is solved with new Asus zenfone max...
just went with a I phone 6 from the 5 c and its only 15 days old calling out no one can here me talking .. not to impressed I have had a I phone since the 3g and never had a problem and I already have to send back:(; just went with a I phone 6 from the 5 c and its only 15 days old calling out no one can here me talking .. not to impressed I have had a I phone since the 3g and never had a problem and I already have to send back:(
[deleted post]so you thought they will fix that for free? is Customer abuse so you need to pay for that or pay extra money/per month to cover that damages etc :); so you thought they will fix that for free? is Customer abuse so you need to pay for that or pay extra money/per month to cover that damages etc :)
[deleted post]Bending is a myth. I have used for 3 months. Iphone 6 is a good phone.; Bending is a myth. I have used for 3 months. Iphone 6 is a good phone.
iam trining to have password to load some program if any where to have password?; iam trining to have password to load some program if any where to have password?
can the iphone 6 take a bullet? hahaha said the nokia 3310 the iphone 6 cant even take a bending get it? ok i still like my retro dada's if you know what im sayin; can the iphone 6 take a bullet? hahaha said the nokia 3310 the iphone 6 cant even take a bending get it? ok i still like my retro dada's if you know what im sayin
No custom dictionary you can upload, random capitalisation of words it doesn't know, autocorrect is a joke, ridiculous random folder grouping of photos when viewed over usb on PC, very basic integration with MS Exchange Server. And of course no server integration for business such as Blackberrys. Just a social media toy really.; No custom dictionary you can upload, random capitalisation of words it doesn't know, autocorrect is a joke, ridiculous random folder grouping of photos when viewed over usb on PC, very basic integration with MS Exchange Server. And of course no server integration for business such as Blackberrys. Just a social media toy really.
Anonymous, 08 Jan 2016I hate the Battery Life of Iphone too much. It not good at all and always heavy heat. I do not... moreDude, my Lumia 925 heats up like crazy, the battery won't last even half a day! And it's been like this since the beginning. Also the browser crashes too often, the amoled screen has several burn-ins(i bought this phone in August, 2014) the top microphone is not working anymore, headphone jack has been acting up lately, the signal isn't great also. And those new Microsoft Lumias are pure thrash, they released flagship devices with beta software, there are still many apps missing (I really don't care what the fanboys are saying anymore, I was a fanboy myself, since my Lumia 720) and the design is just boring for a flagship. I'm about to switch to iPhone.; Dude, my Lumia 925 heats up like crazy, the battery won't last even half a day! And it's been like this since the beginning. Also the browser crashes too often, the amoled screen has several burn-ins(i bought this phone in August, 2014) the top microphone is not working anymore, headphone jack has been acting up lately, the signal isn't great also. And those new Microsoft Lumias are pure thrash, they released flagship devices with beta software, there are still many apps missing (I really don't care what the fanboys are saying anymore, I was a fanboy myself, since my Lumia 720) and the design is just boring for a flagship. I'm about to switch to iPhone.
Anonymous, 08 Jan 2016Nokia is Microsoft and that's when it went down hill. Comparing windows mobile to ios is like ... moreHI brother, can you plz tell which things in Windows make you feel its complex & hard to use ??; HI brother, can you plz tell which things in Windows make you feel its complex & hard to use ??
nothing like asus zenfone 5.....best ever smart phone created.; nothing like asus zenfone 5.....best ever smart phone created.
this is a very good device!; this is a very good device!
Anonymous, 08 Jan 2016I hate the Battery Life of Iphone too much. It not good at all and always heavy heat. I do not... moreNokia is Microsoft and that's when it went down hill. Comparing windows mobile to ios is like comparing a bike to a car. They both can be used to take you where you wanna go. Ios is simple easy to pick up and just use whether windows mobile you have to work with and get good at it before you know how to get to do what you want. Even a tech geek like myself finds windows are just getting more complex and frustrating when all its rivals are becoming more simplified. i know which one I prefer. I don't think many device users would want to use a windows phone after using a new ios or android.; Nokia is Microsoft and that's when it went down hill. Comparing windows mobile to ios is like comparing a bike to a car. They both can be used to take you where you wanna go. Ios is simple easy to pick up and just use whether windows mobile you have to work with and get good at it before you know how to get to do what you want. Even a tech geek like myself finds windows are just getting more complex and frustrating when all its rivals are becoming more simplified. i know which one I prefer. I don't think many device users would want to use a windows phone after using a new ios or android.
I hate the Battery Life of Iphone too much. It not good at all and always heavy heat. I do not understand why people change their heart from Nokia. Nokia is the best ever.; I hate the Battery Life of Iphone too much. It not good at all and always heavy heat. I do not understand why people change their heart from Nokia. Nokia is the best ever.
pinku2711, 06 Jan 2016I want to buy an iphone.. which one should i go for.. iphone 6 or iphone 5s?? Which is better?... moreme too; me too
I friends I'm from karnataka (India). 
 If you really want super cool mobile with high safty just go to iPhone 6. U updated my S4 mini to IPhone 6. That S4 have 1.5 GB of RAM but it have hanging problem. I updated to IPhone 6 because in my S4 suddenly crashed and I lost my entire data which was in internal SD. 
 I'm not that common man to use phones. I know how fix problems and get out from phone problems . Android not have much security features. 
 Here iPhone 6 have 1 GB RAM but when you use never you feel it have just 1 GB. If you doubt just go and use mobile which have 3GB of RAM.
 iPhone 6 never have hanging problem. But problems is storage problems but you can slove it from buying OTG. 
 If you matured app user just go to IPhone. You know very well why nowadays a phone company copying the IPhone 6 designs. That's shows us how iPhone good. 
 iPhone never give worry about updates but in androids every phone not get updates and not have much revalue because androids updates itself every time so people want newest version. 
 In camera wise no comparison for which phone have 12mp camera , iPhone cameras really superb even lower light. If you compare S6 camera to iPhone no one call you you're a good tech reviewer. iPhone also providing you a good photo editor. In video recording view a camera works great, slow motion recordings amazing. You can't expect more from 8mp camera. 
 Battery not more 2000mAh so it can stay 1 day with your usage, yes bro it can stay if play games and browsing. Its battery is really good. 
 And finally 
 You can get a really good customer care support from apple no other can give like this.; I friends I'm from karnataka (India).; If you really want super cool mobile with high safty just go to iPhone 6. U updated my S4 mini to IPhone 6. That S4 have 1.5 GB of RAM but it have hanging problem. I updated to IPhone 6 because in my S4 suddenly crashed and I lost my entire data which was in internal SD.; I'm not that common man to use phones. I know how fix problems and get out from phone problems . Android not have much security features.; Here iPhone 6 have 1 GB RAM but when you use never you feel it have just 1 GB. If you doubt just go and use mobile which have 3GB of RAM.; iPhone 6 never have hanging problem. But problems is storage problems but you can slove it from buying OTG.; If you matured app user just go to IPhone. You know very well why nowadays a phone company copying the IPhone 6 designs. That's shows us how iPhone good.; iPhone never give worry about updates but in androids every phone not get updates and not have much revalue because androids updates itself every time so people want newest version.; In camera wise no comparison for which phone have 12mp camera , iPhone cameras really superb even lower light. If you compare S6 camera to iPhone no one call you you're a good tech reviewer. iPhone also providing you a good photo editor. In video recording view a camera works great, slow motion recordings amazing. You can't expect more from 8mp camera.; Battery not more 2000mAh so it can stay 1 day with your usage, yes bro it can stay if play games and browsing. Its battery is really good.; And finally; You can get a really good customer care support from apple no other can give like this.
Do not purchase any kind of iphone from www.souq.com 
 they selling japan manufactured phone , and in that the camera shutter cannot be kept on silent.. neither screenshot.. the camera noise is too loud ..
 n there is absolutely no solution to it ..
 kindly do not buy from them... i tried for a month.. but they dint respond at all...; Do not purchase any kind of iphone from www.souq.com; they selling japan manufactured phone , and in that the camera shutter cannot be kept on silent.. neither screenshot.. the camera noise is too loud ..; n there is absolutely no solution to it ..; kindly do not buy from them... i tried for a month.. but they dint respond at all...
I've used both 5s and 6 (after my 5s was stolen)
 I prefer the 5s mainly because it's smaller/lighter and really does most things the 6 does; I've used both 5s and 6 (after my 5s was stolen); I prefer the 5s mainly because it's smaller/lighter and really does most things the 6 does
Annie A, 04 Jan 2016I hate that the iPhone 6 does not rotate. It is difficult to listen to music, check facebook,... moreYes we will do annie; Yes we will do annie
pinku2711, 06 Jan 2016I want to buy an iphone.. which one should i go for.. iphone 6 or iphone 5s?? Which is better?... moreHow can I identify original iPhone 6 battery from fakr; How can I identify original iPhone 6 battery from fakr
I want to buy an iphone.. which one should i go for.. iphone 6 or iphone 5s?? Which is better?? Is it worth to spend 20k more on iphone 6 than 5s??; I want to buy an iphone.. which one should i go for.. iphone 6 or iphone 5s?? Which is better?? Is it worth to spend 20k more on iphone 6 than 5s??
Intellect-ing, 02 Jan 2016I'm switching from bob z10 which has on limitation which is the battery. What I hate in iPho... moreYou have bad wifi.
 those settings are in settings look around. 
 get a case for your phone.; You have bad wifi.; those settings are in settings look around.; get a case for your phone.
I hate that the iPhone 6 does not rotate. It is difficult to listen to music, check facebook, etc all in vertical mode. 
 I also hate the audio input is at the bottom of the phone. It means that the phone can never sit upright while plugged into audio. can't prop it on exercise equipment because plug is in bottom and the screen does not rotate. 
 finally I hate the on/off button is directly across from the volume button. It is always confused or touched when adjusting volume I get the off button... when I try to turn off I instead adjust volume. PLEASE REDESIGN this phone. I would never have upgraded had I known this.; I hate that the iPhone 6 does not rotate. It is difficult to listen to music, check facebook, etc all in vertical mode.; I also hate the audio input is at the bottom of the phone. It means that the phone can never sit upright while plugged into audio. can't prop it on exercise equipment because plug is in bottom and the screen does not rotate.; finally I hate the on/off button is directly across from the volume button. It is always confused or touched when adjusting volume I get the off button... when I try to turn off I instead adjust volume. PLEASE REDESIGN this phone. I would never have upgraded had I known this.
meow, 31 Dec 2015What should I buy,iPhone 5s or iPhone 6?6s; 6s
jlgs, 24 Dec 2015what is slot and small hole on right side just under shut down bar ?The nano-simcard slot (for GSM carriers only). The small hole is the hole where you put in a tool that serves to push out the simcard slot.; The nano-simcard slot (for GSM carriers only). The small hole is the hole where you put in a tool that serves to push out the simcard slot.
Ayush, 24 Dec 2015Hello users please let me know that as I m planing to buy an iphone so which i should prefer... moreIf you want a good camera get the iphone 6S. iPhone has improved the camera on the 6S device. Back camera 12 MP, front 5MP on 6S vrs 8 MP back camera and 1.2 MP front camera on iPhone 6. I have tried the 6S camera and looks a bit better than the 6 camera.; If you want a good camera get the iphone 6S. iPhone has improved the camera on the 6S device. Back camera 12 MP, front 5MP on 6S vrs 8 MP back camera and 1.2 MP front camera on iPhone 6. I have tried the 6S camera and looks a bit better than the 6 camera.
I M confused Between Iphnoe 6 and 5s ! can u suggest the best Option !!; I M confused Between Iphnoe 6 and 5s ! can u suggest the best Option !!
May i know about iphone 6 primary and secondary cameras?; May i know about iphone 6 primary and secondary cameras?
Worst phone ever! Hate all apple products! Inconsistent in performance! Huge waste of money! Wouldn't wipe my ass with it! It probably would not work!; Worst phone ever! Hate all apple products! Inconsistent in performance! Huge waste of money! Wouldn't wipe my ass with it! It probably would not work!
I'm switching from bob z10 which has on limitation which is the battery. 
 What I hate in iPhone 6:
 Wifi bad signal
 No message receipt notifications 
 No snooz time adjustment 
 Cannot backup your data and switch to other os (if you are apple stay apple or lose your valuable data)
 Slowness
 All wow features are embedded in bb os10
 
 The device is very slippery and subject to falls though the body is tough
 
 My bb z10 falled from third floor and I only had to replace the digitizer. 
 
 Blackberry. Please don't stop os10 I regret iPhone :); I'm switching from bob z10 which has on limitation which is the battery.; What I hate in iPhone 6:; Wifi bad signal; No message receipt notifications; No snooz time adjustment; Cannot backup your data and switch to other os (if you are apple stay apple or lose your valuable data); Slowness; All wow features are embedded in bb os10; The device is very slippery and subject to falls though the body is tough; My bb z10 falled from third floor and I only had to replace the digitizer.; Blackberry. Please don't stop os10 I regret iPhone :)
meow, 31 Dec 2015What should I buy,iPhone 5s or iPhone 6?IPhone 6; IPhone 6
What should I buy,iPhone 5s or iPhone 6?; What should I buy,iPhone 5s or iPhone 6?
Iphone still lack on secondary camera also battery. still not improved -_-; Iphone still lack on secondary camera also battery. still not improved -_-
Just got the new iPhone 6, the best part about it is the new headphones!!! Very comfy and the music can go louder when I plug it in my iPad!! I love it so much! ---the phone itself so far is good, same as my iPhone 5s lol no complaints; Just got the new iPhone 6, the best part about it is the new headphones!!! Very comfy and the music can go louder when I plug it in my iPad!! I love it so much! ---the phone itself so far is good, same as my iPhone 5s lol no complaints
Amir, 29 Dec 2015Just wondering . Why people said iphone is better than android ? Experienced is the best answer in your question dude; Experienced is the best answer in your question dude
Just wondering . Why people said iphone is better than android ?; Just wondering . Why people said iphone is better than android ?
The biggest problem with this phone is its SAR value which is 1.59 just .01 under the limit; The biggest problem with this phone is its SAR value which is 1.59 just .01 under the limit
suraj giri, 27 Dec 2015bro really i am using this phone since one year ,belive me i phon 6 is best phone in the histo... moreBro.. The camera is ok.. But not amazing as u said.; Bro.. The camera is ok.. But not amazing as u said.
sometime apple music isn't working when i update to 9.2; sometime apple music isn't working when i update to 9.2
bro really i am using this phone since one year ,belive me i phon 6 is best phone in the history of ophone .amazing camera .graet performance.really wonderfull; bro really i am using this phone since one year ,belive me i phon 6 is best phone in the history of ophone .amazing camera .graet performance.really wonderfull
bro really i am using this phone since one year ,belive me i phon 6 is best phone in the history of ophone .amazing camera .graet performance.really wonderfull; bro really i am using this phone since one year ,belive me i phon 6 is best phone in the history of ophone .amazing camera .graet performance.really wonderfull
I would like to know the best app (free) for recording incoming and outgoing calls; I would like to know the best app (free) for recording incoming and outgoing calls
Rikkie, 23 Dec 2015I m using i6 ... I'm having problem in updating iOS to 9.2 ... Every time I open settings to u... moretry updating on your PC.; try updating on your PC.
nitin23, 23 Dec 2015Hey how can i pay for music without any credit card plz guys help me plz iTunes gift card; iTunes gift card
Rikkie, 23 Dec 2015I m using i6 ... I'm having problem in updating iOS to 9.2 ... Every time I open settings to u... moreTry restarting ur phone and check ur wifi connection; Try restarting ur phone and check ur wifi connection
The only thing that stands out is the 8 Mp camera and 1.2 Mp back camera. They could have made it better!; The only thing that stands out is the 8 Mp camera and 1.2 Mp back camera. They could have made it better!
apple iphoneis very good perform&but Bluetooth is not available
 so pls request is my required is Bluetooth available in handset; apple iphoneis very good perform&but Bluetooth is not available; so pls request is my required is Bluetooth available in handset
Minika, 17 Dec 2015Hi Apple , if you read my letter here please consider fast update to most latest OS after 9.2!... moreHey bro this phone is battery very bad but mobile is very good; Hey bro this phone is battery very bad but mobile is very good
Rikkie, 23 Dec 2015I m using i6 ... I'm having problem in updating iOS to 9.2 ... Every time I open settings to u... morePlug it to your computer then sync your iPhone to iTunes (if you don't have iTunes download it) press on check for updates and download the new version of iOS; Plug it to your computer then sync your iPhone to iTunes (if you don't have iTunes download it) press on check for updates and download the new version of iOS
Beginner, 19 Dec 2015I just buy a new iphone 6 last monday. Which ios is better: Ios 8.4 or Ios 9.2? Kindly post... moreiOS.8.4 is bater and fast; iOS.8.4 is bater and fast
Its very good its battery back is too good i am satisfied but in most of iphone it is giving problem of battry that after 1 year phone gets switched off on about 18-25%; Its very good its battery back is too good i am satisfied but in most of iphone it is giving problem of battry that after 1 year phone gets switched off on about 18-25%
hi. after i sold my phone i intend to try the ios. i don't know: to buy a new iph6 or to raise the budget to an iph 6s?; hi. after i sold my phone i intend to try the ios. i don't know: to buy a new iph6 or to raise the budget to an iph 6s?
Hello users
 please let me know that as I m planing to buy an iphone so which i should prefer...
 i phone 6 or 6s... Whn i went in market i ws shocked to see that iphn 6 is giving me more proper details thn iphone 6s... So I came bck and need ur feedbck who r using both to decide among both... MY PRIORITY IS CAMERA not Ram
 
 Please suggest who have compared both camera phones by own...; Hello users; please let me know that as I m planing to buy an iphone so which i should prefer...; i phone 6 or 6s... Whn i went in market i ws shocked to see that iphn 6 is giving me more proper details thn iphone 6s... So I came bck and need ur feedbck who r using both to decide among both... MY PRIORITY IS CAMERA not Ram; Please suggest who have compared both camera phones by own...
what is slot and small hole on right side just under shut down bar ?; what is slot and small hole on right side just under shut down bar ?
Minika, 17 Dec 2015Hi Apple , if you read my letter here please consider fast update to most latest OS after 9.2!... moreHey bro this phone is battery very bad but mobile is very good; Hey bro this phone is battery very bad but mobile is very good
@Rikkie
 
 Cann customer support from apple or write a mail to them, this is a opinion thread.
 
 Regarding this phone im very satisfied apple customer since over 8 years and the iPhone is is simply great, great camera, fast, never freezes, just like a phone i need :) Again big+ for Apple; @Rikkie; Cann customer support from apple or write a mail to them, this is a opinion thread.; Regarding this phone im very satisfied apple customer since over 8 years and the iPhone is is simply great, great camera, fast, never freezes, just like a phone i need :) Again big+ for Apple
Panks, 11 Dec 2015Bought the IPhone 6s 64 GB One month back and I am not at all satisfied with this phone becaus... moreDude pls make sure ur 6s is real one. Am uzng diff iphones from last 6 yerz. Bt i never heard about such a prob like u hav. So pls buy any brand products from recmnd stores; Dude pls make sure ur 6s is real one. Am uzng diff iphones from last 6 yerz. Bt i never heard about such a prob like u hav. So pls buy any brand products from recmnd stores
Am using iphone 6 and now my phone (contacts,recents,dialpad) doesnt works...how can i overcome this
 I had backup my phone and raset it...but same occur again; Am using iphone 6 and now my phone (contacts,recents,dialpad) doesnt works...how can i overcome this; I had backup my phone and raset it...but same occur again
If i backup on icloud and then delete my photos so they safe on iCloud or it also delete; If i backup on icloud and then delete my photos so they safe on iCloud or it also delete
nitin23, 23 Dec 2015Hey how can i pay for music without any credit card plz guys help me plz youhave to buy an itunes card,then redeem it thru your app store; youhave to buy an itunes card,then redeem it thru your app store
Hey how can i pay for music without any credit card plz guys help me plz; Hey how can i pay for music without any credit card plz guys help me plz
I m using i6 ... I'm having problem in updating iOS to 9.2 ... Every time I open settings to update it shows "checking for update.....*" and then "unable to check for update ( an error occured while checking for a software update)".... Plz anyone help how can I update my iOS over wi-fi without problem...; I m using i6 ... I'm having problem in updating iOS to 9.2 ... Every time I open settings to update it shows "checking for update.....*" and then "unable to check for update ( an error occured while checking for a software update)".... Plz anyone help how can I update my iOS over wi-fi without problem...
Apple i-phone 6 is a smart looking .Battery backup is good,Camera of this phone is excellent.; Apple i-phone 6 is a smart looking .Battery backup is good,Camera of this phone is excellent.
Beginner, 19 Dec 2015I just buy a new iphone 6 last monday. Which ios is better: Ios 8.4 or Ios 9.2? Kindly post... more 9.2 is better I am using the same it is batter; 9.2 is better I am using the same it is batter
Anonymous, 20 Dec 2015How long video I can shoot on iphone 6 in full hd in 10 gb free storage.....?you've got no limit; you've got no limit
Very good mobile i ilke it; Very good mobile i ilke it
Anonymous, 18 Dec 2015What do you use your phone for? If you're not a heavy app user then any midrange device will do. s6..edge; s6..edge
apple 6 is excellent,fast and easy to handle.; apple 6 is excellent,fast and easy to handle.
How long video I can shoot on iphone 6 in full hd in 10 gb free storage.....?; How long video I can shoot on iphone 6 in full hd in 10 gb free storage.....?
I'm facing a problem for few days that, App Store on my iPhone 6 is not opening except update page. Can anyone tell me, what would be the reason? Help me please.; I'm facing a problem for few days that, App Store on my iPhone 6 is not opening except update page. Can anyone tell me, what would be the reason? Help me please.
I just buy a new iphone 6 last monday. Which ios is better: Ios 8.4 or Ios 9.2?
 
 Kindly post your comment here. TIA; I just buy a new iphone 6 last monday. Which ios is better: Ios 8.4 or Ios 9.2?; Kindly post your comment here. TIA
iphone 6 is amazing ............. nd when use like we r in heaven i love its feature nd their slim body totaly match on shilpa figure; iphone 6 is amazing ............. nd when use like we r in heaven i love its feature nd their slim body totaly match on shilpa figure
Anonymous, 17 Dec 2015Is it good to buy iphone 6 now.......or I should buy Samsung s6 or any other......please reply I thnk u should go for samsung galaxy s6 edge plus; I thnk u should go for samsung galaxy s6 edge plus
Anonymous, 17 Dec 2015Is it good to buy iphone 6 now.......or I should buy Samsung s6 or any other......please reply iphone all the way.; iphone all the way.
Anonymous, 17 Dec 2015Is it good to buy iphone 6 now.......or I should buy Samsung s6 or any other......please reply What do you use your phone for?
 
 If you're not a heavy app user then any midrange device will do.; What do you use your phone for?; If you're not a heavy app user then any midrange device will do.
Is it good to buy iphone 6 now.......or I should buy Samsung s6 or any other......please reply; Is it good to buy iphone 6 now.......or I should buy Samsung s6 or any other......please reply
hi apple when are going to solve wifi problem in iphone 6 its getting worst day by day the wifi signal is not so strong every time I have to go near router to connect.. but my android phone connects even in second room I have checked signal with router its very good my iphone doesnot even show signals in range but my android shows almost 10 signals in range I am getting frustrated with this problem I have even updated to ios 9.2 please heil me to solve this...........; hi apple when are going to solve wifi problem in iphone 6 its getting worst day by day the wifi signal is not so strong every time I have to go near router to connect.. but my android phone connects even in second room I have checked signal with router its very good my iphone doesnot even show signals in range but my android shows almost 10 signals in range I am getting frustrated with this problem I have even updated to ios 9.2 please heil me to solve this...........
Hi Apple , if you read my letter here please consider fast update to most latest OS after 9.2! The 9.2 is buggy and laggy. My wifi connection in my iPhone 6 becomes unstable I have to connect and reconnect again and again unlike 9.1 I don't need to on and off my wifi connection just to Connect to wifi. Automatic connect to wifi in 9.1 version. Also wifi connection in 9.2 becomes poor base on my observation sometimes hard to download or upload. Consider fast update to fix the problem thank you; Hi Apple , if you read my letter here please consider fast update to most latest OS after 9.2! The 9.2 is buggy and laggy. My wifi connection in my iPhone 6 becomes unstable I have to connect and reconnect again and again unlike 9.1 I don't need to on and off my wifi connection just to Connect to wifi. Automatic connect to wifi in 9.1 version. Also wifi connection in 9.2 becomes poor base on my observation sometimes hard to download or upload. Consider fast update to fix the problem thank you
OMG! My iphone 6 after the 9.2 update becomes laggy on my favorite game Shadow fight 2! Waaaaaaaaaa 
 
 Return back the good state of my iphone 6 waaaaaa; OMG! My iphone 6 after the 9.2 update becomes laggy on my favorite game Shadow fight 2! Waaaaaaaaaa; Return back the good state of my iphone 6 waaaaaa
Rohan, 22 Nov 2015What should i buy? I phone 6 with 64gb of nexus 6p with 32 gb. I'm using an android phone. Ki... moreBlindly go for 6p it has better camera battery design also all google stock; Blindly go for 6p it has better camera battery design also all google stock
rehman, 06 Dec 2015Iphon 6s plus is better or galaxy s6 edge plusS6 edge plus has better camera and battery also design; S6 edge plus has better camera and battery also design
.Can the find my phone feature distort the speaker. on an lfone . ??? Please advise; .Can the find my phone feature distort the speaker. on an lfone . ??? Please advise
I use ios for 3years and its good. I bought ip6 and so fast i love it theni want try android so i sell it and get honor 6plus.i can the honor 6plus have better camera than iphone6 both rear and front. The camera are good in light also low light. The battery also great. It fast but not like ios but it is good also the design are very good and comfortable. I think i wanna keep my honor and wanna buy1 more phone LG or huawei nexus. Nexus 6p has better camera than ip6s but it use sd810 so much heating so i will try lg nexus 5x; I use ios for 3years and its good. I bought ip6 and so fast i love it theni want try android so i sell it and get honor 6plus.i can the honor 6plus have better camera than iphone6 both rear and front. The camera are good in light also low light. The battery also great. It fast but not like ios but it is good also the design are very good and comfortable. I think i wanna keep my honor and wanna buy1 more phone LG or huawei nexus. Nexus 6p has better camera than ip6s but it use sd810 so much heating so i will try lg nexus 5x
Please help.... i bought n ifone 6.... the volume is low when calling or receiving a call. Took it to repair..... it came back the same... booked it again... n they said the prob.........
 *********
 We have investigated why your phone was not repaired and its because of the Â“ find my iphoneÂ” feature on your phone.Do you have that feature active on your iphone?
 
 If so, they will need your Apple ID to deactivate that feature,before they can do anything to the unit.
 
 Your phone has now been resent for repair on Monday and I am afraid that its going to be sent back with same result if they cannot deactivate fmip feature.
 
 Please let me know if you want to disclose your Apple ID ,so we can send it to the repair centre to deactivate?.
 ----------------------
 
 how true is this statement ???????; Please help.... i bought n ifone 6.... the volume is low when calling or receiving a call. Took it to repair..... it came back the same... booked it again... n they said the prob.........; *********; We have investigated why your phone was not repaired and its because of the Â“ find my iphoneÂ” feature on your phone.Do you have that feature active on your iphone?; If so, they will need your Apple ID to deactivate that feature,before they can do anything to the unit.; Your phone has now been resent for repair on Monday and I am afraid that its going to be sent back with same result if they cannot deactivate fmip feature.; Please let me know if you want to disclose your Apple ID ,so we can send it to the repair centre to deactivate?.; ----------------------; how true is this statement ???????
After iOS 9.2, battery discharge quickly, 
 
 how can tag contact directly in SMS?
 
 Overall very good phone :-); After iOS 9.2, battery discharge quickly,; how can tag contact directly in SMS?; Overall very good phone :-)
bigg fan of apple...and very very happie with my i phone 6... its about more than 1 year with my i phone 6...; bigg fan of apple...and very very happie with my i phone 6... its about more than 1 year with my i phone 6...
Bought the IPhone 6s 64 GB One month back and I am not at all satisfied with this phone because I am facing lot of problems like:
 1) The touchpad does not recognise the fingureprints sometime.
 2) There are network issues in this phone like call failed to connect. After 10-15 calls the call gets connected sometimes. Also when somebody tries calling me, most of the time it says either my number is switched off or not reacheable. Checked with Airtel and they said there are no problem with the network.
 3) Sometimes the phone hangs while making calls.; Bought the IPhone 6s 64 GB One month back and I am not at all satisfied with this phone because I am facing lot of problems like:; 1) The touchpad does not recognise the fingureprints sometime.; 2) There are network issues in this phone like call failed to connect. After 10-15 calls the call gets connected sometimes. Also when somebody tries calling me, most of the time it says either my number is switched off or not reacheable. Checked with Airtel and they said there are no problem with the network.; 3) Sometimes the phone hangs while making calls.
nice in colour; nice in colour
hehe, 10 Dec 2015this is cool i have oneI Wana ask id ans one have problem with the batrie or iPhone 6s; I Wana ask id ans one have problem with the batrie or iPhone 6s
The wifi disconnect issue when the phone not in use is fixed in iOS 9.2. Thumps up to Apple; The wifi disconnect issue when the phone not in use is fixed in iOS 9.2. Thumps up to Apple
Romano, 25 Nov 2015I will warn you but with a solution :) First, if you want to upgrade, first make sure you bac... moreYa that's true. The same thing happened to me.; Ya that's true. The same thing happened to me.
Is there possibility to download free songs, albums official without paying? Thanks in advanced; Is there possibility to download free songs, albums official without paying? Thanks in advanced
which one is better Iphone 6+ or 6s; which one is better Iphone 6+ or 6s
Just got my iPhone 6s about a week ago and thought the camera was going to be really good and clear but only the back camera works well in sunlight but with the front camera it's got quality like an android phone and the pixels aren't that good especially in shaded places.; Just got my iPhone 6s about a week ago and thought the camera was going to be really good and clear but only the back camera works well in sunlight but with the front camera it's got quality like an android phone and the pixels aren't that good especially in shaded places.
Anonymous, 08 Dec 2015frm my poit of view 6s is better than 6+The + model of the iPhones are the "side mode" or mostly considered the larger model, that being said, the 6s and 6 models both have a "+" model, their not defferent phones lol.; The + model of the iPhones are the "side mode" or mostly considered the larger model, that being said, the 6s and 6 models both have a "+" model, their not defferent phones lol.
this is cool i have one; this is cool i have one
Shawn , 07 Dec 2015 I want to be Purchese new phone So can you let me know which on is the best iphone 6 s or 6+iphone 6s is more better; iphone 6s is more better
frm my poit of view 6s is better than 6+; frm my poit of view 6s is better than 6+
Anonymous, 06 Dec 2015Very boring and bad camera it is one of the good phone in the world; it is one of the good phone in the world
I want to be Purchese new phone So can you let me know which on is the best iphone 6 s or 6+; I want to be Purchese new phone So can you let me know which on is the best iphone 6 s or 6+
battary back up is awasome; battary back up is awasome
iPhone 6 CHIP is far way better than the android smartphones such Galaxy s6 edge plus. iPhone CHIP is no lag on games and browsing etc unmatched with the above mentioned model. Great camera feature that u can find at iPhone 6 such slo-mo stands at slow motion capture is a very nice feature. Making video movie easy at your fingertips. The 1gb RAM of iPhone 6 is matched and comparable to 4gb ram of android smartphones. All because of the CHIP use to iPhone 6 & up models are far way better than the CHIP used by the others. Don't ask just say NO regrets on iPhone 6 models and up.; iPhone 6 CHIP is far way better than the android smartphones such Galaxy s6 edge plus. iPhone CHIP is no lag on games and browsing etc unmatched with the above mentioned model. Great camera feature that u can find at iPhone 6 such slo-mo stands at slow motion capture is a very nice feature. Making video movie easy at your fingertips. The 1gb RAM of iPhone 6 is matched and comparable to 4gb ram of android smartphones. All because of the CHIP use to iPhone 6 & up models are far way better than the CHIP used by the others. Don't ask just say NO regrets on iPhone 6 models and up.
Very boring and bad camera; Very boring and bad camera
Iphon 6s plus is better or galaxy s6 edge plus; Iphon 6s plus is better or galaxy s6 edge plus
Takeshi, 04 Dec 2015I want to buy a new phone but i don't know whether to choose Iphone 6 or Samsung Galaxy S6 ple... moreI did my research and found out that the iphone 6 has better reviews just because it has the logo on te back. But the Samsung galaxy s6s durability, camera, Battery life, Colours are way better. Also the samsung galaxy s6 (479 euros) is not as pricey as the Iphone 6s(629,99 euros). So i definetely recommend Samsung galaxy s6.; I did my research and found out that the iphone 6 has better reviews just because it has the logo on te back. But the Samsung galaxy s6s durability, camera, Battery life, Colours are way better. Also the samsung galaxy s6 (479 euros) is not as pricey as the Iphone 6s(629,99 euros). So i definetely recommend Samsung galaxy s6.
If you could choose between the iPhone 6 or the Galaxy S6, which would you use; If you could choose between the iPhone 6 or the Galaxy S6, which would you use
nice phone expereince
 
 &#1583;&#1608;&#1585;&#1576;&­;#1740;&#1606; &#1605;&#1583;&#1575;&#1585; &#1576;&#1587;&#1578;&#1607;
 &#1582;&#1585;&#1740;&#1583; &#1711;&#1604; &#1575;&#1740;&#1606;&#1578;&­;#1585;&#1606;&#1578;&#1740;; nice phone expereince; &#1583;&#1608;&#1585;&#1576;&­;#1740;&#1606; &#1605;&#1583;&#1575;&#1585; &#1576;&#1587;&#1578;&#1607;; &#1582;&#1585;&#1740;&#1583; &#1711;&#1604; &#1575;&#1740;&#1606;&#1578;&­;#1585;&#1606;&#1578;&#1740;
Takeshi, 04 Dec 2015I want to buy a new phone but i don't know whether to choose Iphone 6 or Samsung Galaxy S6 ple... moreIf ure ready to spend alot I would say go for s6 cause of the functionality and you can customize it more better camera and IR blaster
 BUT if u want phone that is simple to use go for iphone; If ure ready to spend alot I would say go for s6 cause of the functionality and you can customize it more better camera and IR blaster; BUT if u want phone that is simple to use go for iphone
bapun66, 04 Dec 2015Give some examples... What iphone can do and Android can't 4K Video obviously; 4K Video obviously
I want to buy a new phone but i don't know whether to choose Iphone 6 or Samsung Galaxy S6 please give me some suggestion which one should i buy.; I want to buy a new phone but i don't know whether to choose Iphone 6 or Samsung Galaxy S6 please give me some suggestion which one should i buy.
bapun66, 04 Dec 2015Give some examples... What iphone can do and Android can't Iphone lag free ha ha ha ha; Iphone lag free ha ha ha ha
cm punk 19, 29 Nov 2015jailbreak it after jailbreak wat iphone can do android phones can't do in there dreams alsoGive some examples... What iphone can do and Android can't; Give some examples... What iphone can do and Android can't
hi. after i sold my g3 i intend to try the ios. i don't know: to buy a new iph6 or to raise the budget to an iph 6s?; hi. after i sold my g3 i intend to try the ios. i don't know: to buy a new iph6 or to raise the budget to an iph 6s?
nice phone expereince; nice phone expereince
iPhone6 user , 01 Dec 2015If you could choose between the iPhone 6 or the galaxy note 4, which would you use You should be go for apple.; You should be go for apple.
:) awsome phone; :) awsome phone
chris, 29 Nov 2015i have an option to chose between oneplus x and iphone 16 gb. which one should i go for? Confu... morei had the same crisis had to select between 5s and opx. then i tried to do a point wise advantage and disadvantage and opted for opx. my parameters were...price,screen size,battery,performance and connectivity. if its only brand ur looking for then go for iphone. i am happy with my opx becz it has more +vs than iphone for my purpose.; i had the same crisis had to select between 5s and opx. then i tried to do a point wise advantage and disadvantage and opted for opx. my parameters were...price,screen size,battery,performance and connectivity. if its only brand ur looking for then go for iphone. i am happy with my opx becz it has more +vs than iphone for my purpose.
Caesar47, 28 Nov 2015IOS is very restricted. Having used both iphone and samsung, i prefer android over ios. I boug... moreHa ha ha you don't know how to use iphone; Ha ha ha you don't know how to use iphone
chris, 29 Nov 2015i have an option to chose between oneplus x and iphone 16 gb. which one should i go for? Confu... moreiPhone 6; iPhone 6
If you could choose between the iPhone 6 or the galaxy note 4, which would you use; If you could choose between the iPhone 6 or the galaxy note 4, which would you use
i have an option to chose between oneplus x and iphone 16 gb. which one should i go for? Confused as oneplus has better specs, but I also know that apple phones are reliable.; i have an option to chose between oneplus x and iphone 16 gb. which one should i go for? Confused as oneplus has better specs, but I also know that apple phones are reliable.
Caesar47, 28 Nov 2015IOS is very restricted. Having used both iphone and samsung, i prefer android over ios. I boug... morejailbreak it after jailbreak wat iphone can do android phones can't do in there dreams also; jailbreak it after jailbreak wat iphone can do android phones can't do in there dreams also
Caesar47, 28 Nov 2015IOS is very restricted. Having used both iphone and samsung, i prefer android over ios. I boug... moreSo u don't know to use iOS &#128514;; So u don't know to use iOS &#128514;
This is awesome .i brought iPhone 6.wow it's looking great and best apple mobile I ever used; This is awesome .i brought iPhone 6.wow it's looking great and best apple mobile I ever used
Na, 22 Nov 2015Hello all, I'm using iphone 6 with ios8.4, is it worth upgrading to ios9.1. Which one is bett... more9.1 is allways batter...; 9.1 is allways batter...
Stuff the awkward to use I phone and the flakey Android and wait for the Lumia 950XL. Everyone moans about Windows but don't knock it till you've tried it, give it time.; Stuff the awkward to use I phone and the flakey Android and wait for the Lumia 950XL. Everyone moans about Windows but don't knock it till you've tried it, give it time.
I have phoned Apple Care at least 3 times to complain that my iPhone 6 and my MacBook Air won't synch. This is a serious problem for me since I conduct business on both of these,; I have phoned Apple Care at least 3 times to complain that my iPhone 6 and my MacBook Air won't synch. This is a serious problem for me since I conduct business on both of these,
amazing; amazing
IOS is very restricted. Having used both iphone and samsung, i prefer android over ios. I bought iphone6 after samsung s5 and after few months i traded it for s6 edge. Iphone is only good if you are NOT an advanced user who would like to download lot of stuff & music etc. and uses phone mainly for calls, messages and other basic functionality. You will find lot of restrictions when you want to do stuff over internet.; IOS is very restricted. Having used both iphone and samsung, i prefer android over ios. I bought iphone6 after samsung s5 and after few months i traded it for s6 edge. Iphone is only good if you are NOT an advanced user who would like to download lot of stuff & music etc. and uses phone mainly for calls, messages and other basic functionality. You will find lot of restrictions when you want to do stuff over internet.
bapun66, 27 Nov 2015Stick with android. You will feel very restricted in ios:); :)
Stick with android. You will feel very restricted in ios; Stick with android. You will feel very restricted in ios
Tats.me.not, 27 Nov 2015Hi people! Sorry to bother you. I have been an android user for 5 years and now planning to tr... moreBuy iPhone 6 if you are not hard pressed on budget. Otherwise 5S too is not an antique model.; Buy iPhone 6 if you are not hard pressed on budget. Otherwise 5S too is not an antique model.
Hurairah, 15 Nov 2015What should I buy? Iphone 6 or Galaxy s6 edgeiPhone 6 is much better then S6 Edge; iPhone 6 is much better then S6 Edge
Na, 23 Nov 2015ios 8.4 and ios 9.1, which one is better for iPhone 6 ??? Battery backup is major concern oth... moreI will warn you but with a solution :)
 First, if you want to upgrade, first make sure you back up your ENTIRE PHONE, files, contacts, messages and whatnot. All your data. Once you have backed up, if you install iOS 9, the phone may be buggy laggy and apps crash.. no worries, here you will have to MEMORY WIPE your iPhone 6. Hence why I asked that you back up your data. Once you memory wipe it, it will run smooth like it does on iOS 8.4. Trust me I had this issue with iOS 9.0 and it was a nightmare, and then iOS 9.1 came in to fix 9.0 but it was still laggy and buggy until I took it to the Apple store and the people there wiped my phone and it now is working fine and smooth.; I will warn you but with a solution :); First, if you want to upgrade, first make sure you back up your ENTIRE PHONE, files, contacts, messages and whatnot. All your data. Once you have backed up, if you install iOS 9, the phone may be buggy laggy and apps crash.. no worries, here you will have to MEMORY WIPE your iPhone 6. Hence why I asked that you back up your data. Once you memory wipe it, it will run smooth like it does on iOS 8.4. Trust me I had this issue with iOS 9.0 and it was a nightmare, and then iOS 9.1 came in to fix 9.0 but it was still laggy and buggy until I took it to the Apple store and the people there wiped my phone and it now is working fine and smooth.
iPhone 6 touchscreen problems; iPhone 6 touchscreen problems
Na, 22 Nov 2015Hello all, I'm using iphone 6 with ios8.4, is it worth upgrading to ios9.1. Which one is bett... moreGet a life get iphone &#127801;; Get a life get iphone &#127801;
Na, upgrade the new software version 9.1, its fluid and many bugs and features added. I have been using iPhone past 2 months and am very happy with this phone in all aspects. You may complain about battery life for day to day use if you are heavy user like continuous online over LTE or WiFi, and playing 1 hour games and watching online videos, apart from the phone is good. I uses to have GS5 earlier this and unnecessary wasting my team always tweaking my phone for best performance though GS5 was a good phone but the stability and value for money against time, periodic updates makes iPhone ahead in race, go ahead and install the new iOS.; Na, upgrade the new software version 9.1, its fluid and many bugs and features added. I have been using iPhone past 2 months and am very happy with this phone in all aspects. You may complain about battery life for day to day use if you are heavy user like continuous online over LTE or WiFi, and playing 1 hour games and watching online videos, apart from the phone is good. I uses to have GS5 earlier this and unnecessary wasting my team always tweaking my phone for best performance though GS5 was a good phone but the stability and value for money against time, periodic updates makes iPhone ahead in race, go ahead and install the new iOS.
Rohan, 22 Nov 2015What should i buy? I phone 6 with 64gb of nexus 6p with 32 gb. I'm using an android phone. Ki... moreI Phone is better and i do normally like and admire them.; I Phone is better and i do normally like and admire them.
ios 8.4 and ios 9.1, which one is better for iPhone 6 ???
 Battery backup is major concern other than apps and minor upgrades.
 I bought a new iPhone 6, it is with the version ios 8.4, so is it better to upgrade to ios 9.1 or not ??????; ios 8.4 and ios 9.1, which one is better for iPhone 6 ???; Battery backup is major concern other than apps and minor upgrades.; I bought a new iPhone 6, it is with the version ios 8.4, so is it better to upgrade to ios 9.1 or not ??????
Rohan, 22 Nov 2015What should i buy? I phone 6 with 64gb of nexus 6p with 32 gb. I'm using an android phone. Ki... moreBro there is not available in iphone 6 32GB, Only they released iphone 6 16,64 and 128. the Better choice is 64GB; Bro there is not available in iphone 6 32GB, Only they released iphone 6 16,64 and 128. the Better choice is 64GB
Nexus 6p. If you are using android then you will feel very restrict with iphone. Go and experience both the phone and decide.; Nexus 6p. If you are using android then you will feel very restrict with iphone. Go and experience both the phone and decide.
wish there's 'c' series for next iPhone (7) with A8 chipset, 2 GB RAM, 13 MP rear cam-1.2 MP front cam or 8 MP rear cam-5 MP front cam, no 3D touch, 4.7"-5" display, that's all.; wish there's 'c' series for next iPhone (7) with A8 chipset, 2 GB RAM, 13 MP rear cam-1.2 MP front cam or 8 MP rear cam-5 MP front cam, no 3D touch, 4.7"-5" display, that's all.
Rohan, 22 Nov 2015What should i buy? I phone 6 with 64gb of nexus 6p with 32 gb. I'm using an android phone. Ki... moreNexus 6P all the way; Nexus 6P all the way
Best phone ever; Best phone ever
What should i buy? I phone 6 with 64gb of nexus 6p with 32 gb. I'm using an android phone.
 Kindly help me out, will be purchasing this week.; What should i buy? I phone 6 with 64gb of nexus 6p with 32 gb. I'm using an android phone.; Kindly help me out, will be purchasing this week.
Ritu, 20 Nov 2015HTC a9 is best phone or not iPhone6 is better than I phone is better.; I phone is better.
Hello all,
 I'm using iphone 6 with ios8.4, is it worth upgrading to ios9.1. Which one is better in terms of Battery backup and with out any lags.; Hello all,; I'm using iphone 6 with ios8.4, is it worth upgrading to ios9.1. Which one is better in terms of Battery backup and with out any lags.
love this phone because it is the only phone that can bend and yet it still works!!! good job apple.; love this phone because it is the only phone that can bend and yet it still works!!! good job apple.
Worst 6 after 7 coming next year. 3 GB Ram, Bluetooth other essential even not thought off. My quick view never buy any iPhone till it's bankruptcy.; Worst 6 after 7 coming next year. 3 GB Ram, Bluetooth other essential even not thought off. My quick view never buy any iPhone till it's bankruptcy.
Akash Stha, 17 Nov 2015Which Phone will download music & Video directly without Apps?? You have to install Apps f... moreYes, exactly... 
 I'm very much confused in Samsung Galaxy S6 edge and iPhone 6. I will get more resell value for iPhone 6 after using it for a year. Though I'll get better camera, fast charging, wireless charging on edge. Anyway , I'll get iPhone 6 soon; Yes, exactly...; I'm very much confused in Samsung Galaxy S6 edge and iPhone 6. I will get more resell value for iPhone 6 after using it for a year. Though I'll get better camera, fast charging, wireless charging on edge. Anyway , I'll get iPhone 6 soon
bapun66, 17 Nov 2015S6 edge. Grt camera. Grt display, fast charging, wireless charging, nfc, ir blaster. But i... moreiPhone 10watt new charger pretty fast and show off yes I admit &#128526;; iPhone 10watt new charger pretty fast and show off yes I admit &#128526;
Siddharth, 18 Nov 2015IPhone 6 is the best phone. Best for gaming , best for HD movies and everything. IPHONES n... moreNope iPhone iOS 9.1 not that good on wifi and all round performance little down; Nope iPhone iOS 9.1 not that good on wifi and all round performance little down
bapun66, 17 Nov 2015S6 edge. Grt camera. Grt display, fast charging, wireless charging, nfc, ir blaster. But i... moreBut s6 have plenty of boltwear; But s6 have plenty of boltwear
picasa, 19 Nov 2015I want to buy apple 6. Which one is beter.16 or 64 gb. Best performance? Which one is best ... moreGo for 64gb; Go for 64gb
Ritu, 20 Nov 2015HTC a9 is best phone or not iPhone6 is better than Both are pretty great in their own right. Android has really stepped up their game. Android on the HTC M9 is super smooth. And with the new updates, the iPhone 6 is very smooth also. Both have good music players, and both have pretty great cameras. But at the same time Android and iOS are very different. Apps run super smooth on both!; Both are pretty great in their own right. Android has really stepped up their game. Android on the HTC M9 is super smooth. And with the new updates, the iPhone 6 is very smooth also. Both have good music players, and both have pretty great cameras. But at the same time Android and iOS are very different. Apps run super smooth on both!
HTC a9 is best phone or not iPhone6 is better than; HTC a9 is best phone or not iPhone6 is better than
picasa, 19 Nov 2015I want to buy apple 6. Which one is beter.16 or 64 gb. Best performance? Which one is best ... moreHi Frnd even i am planning to purchase iphone 6, after doing lot of surfing i came to know 64gb is smart choice.
 
 If you are gng for 16gb version you will run out of memory in very short time and further u dont have an option left. 
 
 so invest once on 64gb and njoy the gadget :-); Hi Frnd even i am planning to purchase iphone 6, after doing lot of surfing i came to know 64gb is smart choice.; If you are gng for 16gb version you will run out of memory in very short time and further u dont have an option left.; so invest once on 64gb and njoy the gadget :-)
Hurairah, 15 Nov 2015What should I buy? Iphone 6 or Galaxy s6 edgenone; none
I want to buy apple 6.
 Which one is beter.16 or 64 gb.
 Best performance?
 Which one is best market?; I want to buy apple 6.; Which one is beter.16 or 64 gb.; Best performance?; Which one is best market?
IPhone 6 is the best phone. Best for gaming , best for HD movies and everything. 
 
 IPHONES never hang
 No hanging problem; IPhone 6 is the best phone. Best for gaming , best for HD movies and everything.; IPHONES never hang; No hanging problem
Hurairah, 15 Nov 2015What should I buy? Iphone 6 or Galaxy s6 edgeIphone 6s world best device; Iphone 6s world best device
S6 edge. Grt camera. Grt display, fast charging, wireless charging, nfc, ir blaster. 
 
 But in iphone 6 you will get only showoff; S6 edge. Grt camera. Grt display, fast charging, wireless charging, nfc, ir blaster.; But in iphone 6 you will get only showoff
marawann, 14 Nov 2015Which is better iphone 6 or note 4 ? Why ? Iphone 7 will be released on Sep/Oct-2016, For your information Iphone will release every year of Sep-Oct; Iphone 7 will be released on Sep/Oct-2016, For your information Iphone will release every year of Sep-Oct
Prasad, 13 Nov 2015Thank you so much man,for such imp info.. and Wait, it doesn't download files like music and... moreWhich Phone will download music & Video directly without Apps?? You have to install Apps for downloading Video & Music in any other phone so same as here for Iphone.Camera,music,video is excellent then other mobile. Samsung Mobile will hang.; Which Phone will download music & Video directly without Apps?? You have to install Apps for downloading Video & Music in any other phone so same as here for Iphone.Camera,music,video is excellent then other mobile. Samsung Mobile will hang.
Welcome.; Welcome.
What should I buy? Iphone 6 or Galaxy s6 edge; What should I buy? Iphone 6 or Galaxy s6 edge
why i chose iphone 6:
 stable and functional os, ios app store, icloud account that never expires(webmail), 240fps video, the best cinematic video stabilization in my opinion, phase detection autofocus, sapphire glass lens, it is lightweight so i can put a good case and tempered glass on it.; why i chose iphone 6:; stable and functional os, ios app store, icloud account that never expires(webmail), 240fps video, the best cinematic video stabilization in my opinion, phase detection autofocus, sapphire glass lens, it is lightweight so i can put a good case and tempered glass on it.
wkwkwk, 02 Nov 2015should i go for iphone 5s 32gb or iphone 6 16gb?Get iphone 6 64gb, 16gb to small, i'm using iphone 6 16gb, not enough storage. Always deleting my photo a lot., better get 64gb
 For me why not choose the latest one instead of 5s :); Get iphone 6 64gb, 16gb to small, i'm using iphone 6 16gb, not enough storage. Always deleting my photo a lot., better get 64gb; For me why not choose the latest one instead of 5s :)
shre, 11 Nov 2015Should i update to ios 9.1 in my iphone 6bought an iphone 6 a few days ago. It had ios 8.3, i did a backup and then clean install ios 9.1 via itunes (instructions here: http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/how-clean-install-ios-9­-1-iphone-ipad-ipod-touch-download-links-1525476­­ ). It lagged for a few hours, i rebooted the phone a few times, finished configuring itunes account and now it is working fine without any issues until now.; bought an iphone 6 a few days ago. It had ios 8.3, i did a backup and then clean install ios 9.1 via itunes (instructions here:; ­ ). It lagged for a few hours, i rebooted the phone a few times, finished configuring itunes account and now it is working fine without any issues until now.
frds can any one wen does iphone 7 realse; frds can any one wen does iphone 7 realse
Which is better iphone 6 or note 4 ? Why ?; Which is better iphone 6 or note 4 ? Why ?
shre, 11 Nov 2015Should i update to ios 9.1 in my iphone 6No; No
bapun66, 03 Nov 2015Before buying I phone please consider these facts about iphone. I have used iphone 6 for 1 mon... moreThank you so much man,for such imp info.. 
 and Wait, it doesn't download files like music and videos directly to phone..
 Then where does it stores ??? 
 And what are other cons of iPhone ? 
 Wht abt camera clarity difference in iPhone 6 & Note 4 ? 
 Thnks...; Thank you so much man,for such imp info..; and Wait, it doesn't download files like music and videos directly to phone..; Then where does it stores ???; And what are other cons of iPhone ?; Wht abt camera clarity difference in iPhone 6 & Note 4 ?; Thnks...
I am using Iphone 6 nearly a month now. Before that i was using android. It is a nice experience to use ios except some restrictions. My phone is working fine and battery backup is also ok with moderate usage. I facing a problem, 2-3 times my screen goes blank when someone calls. Any suggestions how to fix it?; I am using Iphone 6 nearly a month now. Before that i was using android. It is a nice experience to use ios except some restrictions. My phone is working fine and battery backup is also ok with moderate usage. I facing a problem, 2-3 times my screen goes blank when someone calls. Any suggestions how to fix it?
Rolly, 31 Oct 2015I Phone 6 is superb phone, you will love it.Should i update to ios 9.1 in my iphone 6; Should i update to ios 9.1 in my iphone 6
sanjay , 23 Oct 2015I never used iphone mobiles ,now m using samsung s6 edge now I want to use iphone 6s so plz c... moredon't change your phone if you have no issue with galaxy s6 egde..
 otherwise between ios and android i always prefer ios. 
 because apple(ios) phones are lagg free devices and you can use it for 3,4 years without any hasitation..; don't change your phone if you have no issue with galaxy s6 egde..; otherwise between ios and android i always prefer ios.; because apple(ios) phones are lagg free devices and you can use it for 3,4 years without any hasitation..
GameGraphics are best in iphones compare to Android. Iphone 6 plus is ideal for gaming and if you have money iphone 6s plus...; GameGraphics are best in iphones compare to Android. Iphone 6 plus is ideal for gaming and if you have money iphone 6s plus...
Shahbaz0345, 08 Nov 2015Im Android user one day i think why not i should try iphone so i purchase iphone 6 64GB.Its to... moreJailbreak then u can; Jailbreak then u can
safiipak, 09 Nov 2015My iPhone 6 is on ios 9.1. Can i downgrade to 9.0.2 now?cant la yours is newer; cant la yours is newer
My iPhone 6 is on ios 9.1. Can i downgrade to 9.0.2 now?; My iPhone 6 is on ios 9.1. Can i downgrade to 9.0.2 now?
Shahbaz0345, 08 Nov 2015Im Android user one day i think why not i should try iphone so i purchase iphone 6 64GB.Its to... moreNo. You can't. So better sell the iphone as soon as possible and buy an android phone. There are many good phones in this range; No. You can't. So better sell the iphone as soon as possible and buy an android phone. There are many good phones in this range
Shahbaz0345, 08 Nov 2015Im Android user one day i think why not i should try iphone so i purchase iphone 6 64GB.Its to... moreUse "guided access" option available on your phone. Go to settings > accessibility > Guided access.; Use "guided access" option available on your phone. Go to settings > accessibility > Guided access.
Im Android user one day i think why not i should try iphone so i purchase iphone 6 64GB.Its totally new experience n very difficult to learn how IOS work i feel myself bound n restrict in iphone i cant do anything freely on IOS i cant lock apps so any body can check my email facebook and everything in my iphone i try my best to find any app in apple store which can lock apps but i cant.If any body know solution please help me.I want when i give my fone to some for calls they cant check my email pics or facebook.; Im Android user one day i think why not i should try iphone so i purchase iphone 6 64GB.Its totally new experience n very difficult to learn how IOS work i feel myself bound n restrict in iphone i cant do anything freely on IOS i cant lock apps so any body can check my email facebook and everything in my iphone i try my best to find any app in apple store which can lock apps but i cant.If any body know solution please help me.I want when i give my fone to some for calls they cant check my email pics or facebook.
updating 2 ios 9.1 ruined my phone again, why??
 here's why..
 ios 8.4 - my phone working good
 ios 8.4.1 - my phone wifi grey out+turn off by itself
 ios 9. - my phone working good again
 ios 9.0.1 - my phone problem same as ios 8.4.1
 ios 9.0.2 - hoorraaayyy my phone normal again it's work again
 ios 9.1. - ruined again wifi grey out+turn it off by itself+battery drain faster+app crash
 
 i was try everything but not working..
 
 now I'm waiting 4 next update, if the problem gone..
 i wanna sell the phone & go 4 android again,.
 thx apple 4 give me experience like this..
 
 sorry 4 my bad english..; updating 2 ios 9.1 ruined my phone again, why??; here's why..; ios 8.4 - my phone working good; ios 8.4.1 - my phone wifi grey out+turn off by itself; ios 9. - my phone working good again; ios 9.0.1 - my phone problem same as ios 8.4.1; ios 9.0.2 - hoorraaayyy my phone normal again it's work again; ios 9.1. - ruined again wifi grey out+turn it off by itself+battery drain faster+app crash; i was try everything but not working..; now I'm waiting 4 next update, if the problem gone..; i wanna sell the phone & go 4 android again,.; thx apple 4 give me experience like this..; sorry 4 my bad english..
KK 1512, 08 Nov 2015Hello friends, its over an year I am using Lumia 730. Its an awesome phone & I still love ... moreBuy the iphone 6 64gb model.; Buy the iphone 6 64gb model.
Hello friends, its over an year I am using Lumia 730. Its an awesome phone & I still love it. But now I am thinking to buy iPhone 6 or 6s. So plz advice me with reasons whether my decision is correct or I should stick with my Lumia & wait for Windows 10 Mobile. & has anyone switched from iOS to Windows & vice versa ? If yes, then kindly share your experience. Thanks in advance.; Hello friends, its over an year I am using Lumia 730. Its an awesome phone & I still love it. But now I am thinking to buy iPhone 6 or 6s. So plz advice me with reasons whether my decision is correct or I should stick with my Lumia & wait for Windows 10 Mobile. & has anyone switched from iOS to Windows & vice versa ? If yes, then kindly share your experience. Thanks in advance.
How can i uninstall & reinstall my apple id and others id.Reset my iphone6.Because i can,t use my phone easily.; How can i uninstall & reinstall my apple id and others id.Reset my iphone6.Because i can,t use my phone easily.
I just buy iphone 6 gold usa but it dose 't look like golden iphone its look like copper or silver i check my friend phone his phone looks like gold so iam confused are there different golden iphones; I just buy iphone 6 gold usa but it dose 't look like golden iphone its look like copper or silver i check my friend phone his phone looks like gold so iam confused are there different golden iphones
poor hardware on iphone 6
 my touch id failed after update & they wont repair; poor hardware on iphone 6; my touch id failed after update & they wont repair
Meow, 06 Nov 2015Should i buy iphone 6 or iphone 5s?If budget is there go with iphone 6; If budget is there go with iphone 6
Anonymous, 02 Nov 2015my iphone 6 is great but i have one problem .. the i cloud account is closed becuos of i forge... moreOpen this link, read carefully and follow the instructions. 
 http://www.macworld.co.uk/how-to/mac-software/ho­w-recover-forgotten-icloud-password-3599314/; Open this link, read carefully and follow the instructions.
[deleted post]Contact the physician. Lol.... I mean go to Apple shop or Apple's authorised dealer.; Contact the physician. Lol.... I mean go to Apple shop or Apple's authorised dealer.
Should i buy iphone 6 or iphone 5s?; Should i buy iphone 6 or iphone 5s?
Dimpy, 28 Oct 2015Hi. I am switchng from android phone (5 inches) to iphone. Should I buy Iphone 6 or 6 plus. Pl... moreI personally suggest you to buy I phone 6 that 4.7 inches one.; I personally suggest you to buy I phone 6 that 4.7 inches one.
[deleted post]dear sir i have i phone 6 . but when i use my phone no work in the slide sign and if some time working the slide sign that time when i press my phone key no work my phone key if work the key when i push the one alphabate then pues the other alphabate and some time atomatacally dial tha number why; dear sir i have i phone 6 . but when i use my phone no work in the slide sign and if some time working the slide sign that time when i press my phone key no work my phone key if work the key when i push the one alphabate then pues the other alphabate and some time atomatacally dial tha number why
Vipul, 31 Oct 2015Hi All, my budget is 55000 rupees for Iphone, I want to keep the phone for next 3-4 years. So... morehi vipul,
 just go with ip6 64gb because in 16gb ull get 9gb only; hi vipul,; just go with ip6 64gb because in 16gb ull get 9gb only
Vipul, 31 Oct 2015Hi All, my budget is 55000 rupees for Iphone, I want to keep the phone for next 3-4 years. So... moreWait for 3 months you will buy iphone 6s 64 gb in that; Wait for 3 months you will buy iphone 6s 64 gb in that
bapun66, 03 Nov 2015Before buying I phone please consider these facts about iphone. I have used iphone 6 for 1 mon... moreIphone is far better than note 4 i m also a note 4 user it hangs alot and some time it heat like you are making food on it; Iphone is far better than note 4 i m also a note 4 user it hangs alot and some time it heat like you are making food on it
[deleted post]Hotl power and home for 10 seconds and it will restart
 Its screen unrespons people; Hotl power and home for 10 seconds and it will restart; Its screen unrespons people
My iPhone 6 suddenly stops working, it won't turn on and it wont even show anything it, I bought tens of original chargers and cables that are charging other phones well, it wont even bring up a light or even reach the apple logo its just completely dead and even pressing and holding power and home screen, please help me what can I do?; My iPhone 6 suddenly stops working, it won't turn on and it wont even show anything it, I bought tens of original chargers and cables that are charging other phones well, it wont even bring up a light or even reach the apple logo its just completely dead and even pressing and holding power and home screen, please help me what can I do?
iPhone 6S is definitely an INCONVENIENT model. I upgraded to it from my good old 4, and I really miss it, won't get used to 6S. Its vibration is too quiet, so I miss all the phone calls when I'm at work (already got shouted at several times). It's too thin to be comfortable to be held; when I take it, I necessarily press the turn-off button that used to be above. Apart from the 3D touch (so what???), it's not really different from iPhone 6 (my wife has one). Upgrade for the sake of upgrade is pure evil with the aim to extort money.; iPhone 6S is definitely an INCONVENIENT model. I upgraded to it from my good old 4, and I really miss it, won't get used to 6S. Its vibration is too quiet, so I miss all the phone calls when I'm at work (already got shouted at several times). It's too thin to be comfortable to be held; when I take it, I necessarily press the turn-off button that used to be above. Apart from the 3D touch (so what???), it's not really different from iPhone 6 (my wife has one). Upgrade for the sake of upgrade is pure evil with the aim to extort money.
Man like this product is pretty sick but this one time when i was using the iphone 6 i asked this girl to netflix and chill. and this bish was just making out with me when she bloody sat on my phone with that phat ass and she broke the screen. so i told that hoe just to go and went to apple to get it fix and when i told them the story they didn't believe me.; Man like this product is pretty sick but this one time when i was using the iphone 6 i asked this girl to netflix and chill. and this bish was just making out with me when she bloody sat on my phone with that phat ass and she broke the screen. so i told that hoe just to go and went to apple to get it fix and when i told them the story they didn't believe me.
i PHONE is a very smart phone but ;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;­;;;;;;; i PHONE is a very smart phone but ;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;­;;;;;;
iPhone is very nice phone Who is used I one time iphone they cannot use Any phone other then iPhone; iPhone is very nice phone Who is used I one time iphone they cannot use Any phone other then iPhone
bapun66, 03 Nov 2015Before buying I phone please consider these facts about iphone. I have used iphone 6 for 1 mon... moreiPhone must have many features use not able when you havnt proccduerse; iPhone must have many features use not able when you havnt proccduerse
Anonymous, 02 Nov 2015my iphone 6 is great but i have one problem .. the i cloud account is closed becuos of i forge... moreno; no
Before buying I phone please consider these facts about iphone. I have used iphone 6 for 1 month and these are my experience with it. 
 Ios is pretty stable os as compared to Android. But there are so many restrictions. You can't download files like music video directly to the phone. You can't download apps which is more than 100mb via your mobile data from the app store. For more that 100mb apps you have to connect to the wifi. The wifi Hotspot range is very low compared to Android devices. These are some cons of iphone. So before buying plz consider these. Please don't be biased to apple. And spend your money wisely. I have already sold my iPhone after using it for one month and currently using galaxy note 4.; Before buying I phone please consider these facts about iphone. I have used iphone 6 for 1 month and these are my experience with it.; Ios is pretty stable os as compared to Android. But there are so many restrictions. You can't download files like music video directly to the phone. You can't download apps which is more than 100mb via your mobile data from the app store. For more that 100mb apps you have to connect to the wifi. The wifi Hotspot range is very low compared to Android devices. These are some cons of iphone. So before buying plz consider these. Please don't be biased to apple. And spend your money wisely. I have already sold my iPhone after using it for one month and currently using galaxy note 4.
My iphone 6 batter is non existant, is anyone having this issue? Like barely 3 hours.; My iphone 6 batter is non existant, is anyone having this issue? Like barely 3 hours.
Vipul, 31 Oct 2015Hi All, my budget is 55000 rupees for Iphone, I want to keep the phone for next 3-4 years. So... moreIf you want an iPhone then just wait for the next version; If you want an iPhone then just wait for the next version
my iphone 6 is great but i have one problem .. the i cloud account is closed becuos of i forget the password 
 can anyone help me ??; my iphone 6 is great but i have one problem .. the i cloud account is closed becuos of i forget the password; can anyone help me ??
HI I want to purchase iphone 6 with 64 gb . so suggest me whether i want to go for it or not; HI I want to purchase iphone 6 with 64 gb . so suggest me whether i want to go for it or not
should i go for iphone 5s 32gb or iphone 6 16gb?; should i go for iphone 5s 32gb or iphone 6 16gb?
abhi, 31 Oct 2015go for iphone 6 64gb u should love it to use fpr 3-4 years and this storage of 64gb helps you ... moreThank you Rolly and Abhi.. Iwill goo for i6 64 gb; Thank you Rolly and Abhi.. Iwill goo for i6 64 gb
I really disappointed with iPhone 6 .,.because of poor battery,low ram ,high price.,.i pls buy htc phones 
 instead of iPhone 6; I really disappointed with iPhone 6 .,.because of poor battery,low ram ,high price.,.i pls buy htc phones; instead of iPhone 6
I Phone 6 is superb phone, you will love it.; I Phone 6 is superb phone, you will love it.
Vipul, 31 Oct 2015Hi All, my budget is 55000 rupees for Iphone, I want to keep the phone for next 3-4 years. So... morego for iphone 6 64gb u should love it to use fpr 3-4 years and this storage of 64gb helps you to keep ur data like pics and music safe...; go for iphone 6 64gb u should love it to use fpr 3-4 years and this storage of 64gb helps you to keep ur data like pics and music safe...
Vipul, 31 Oct 2015Hi All, my budget is 55000 rupees for Iphone, I want to keep the phone for next 3-4 years. So... more64 GB i6 all the way!
 
 As for a long term phone, nothing beats the iPhone, from my experience at least. Apple provides software support for 5 years now, which makes holding on to my iPhone 5s quite practical for another 3 years.
 On a different note, it doesn't have much slowdowns as it ages, either. The 5s performs just as if I'd unpacked it yesterday. 
 And 16 GB sucks, btw. iOS apps take up much more space, and you'll find yourself running into storage bottlenecks within no time.
 You'll be fine with an iPhone 6, trust me.; 64 GB i6 all the way!; As for a long term phone, nothing beats the iPhone, from my experience at least. Apple provides software support for 5 years now, which makes holding on to my iPhone 5s quite practical for another 3 years.; On a different note, it doesn't have much slowdowns as it ages, either. The 5s performs just as if I'd unpacked it yesterday.; And 16 GB sucks, btw. iOS apps take up much more space, and you'll find yourself running into storage bottlenecks within no time.; You'll be fine with an iPhone 6, trust me.
Hi All, my budget is 55000 rupees for Iphone, I want to keep the phone for next 3-4 years. So should I buy Iphone 6 64 gb or Iphone 6s 16 gb . Please advice considering future proofing and memory space.; Hi All, my budget is 55000 rupees for Iphone, I want to keep the phone for next 3-4 years. So should I buy Iphone 6 64 gb or Iphone 6s 16 gb . Please advice considering future proofing and memory space.
Dimpy, 28 Oct 2015Hi. I am switchng from android phone (5 inches) to iphone. Should I buy Iphone 6 or 6 plus. Pl... moreDon't go for 6 +. It can't fit in u r pocket. Over size go for 6. But don't drop. U r. I phone. It sucks u pocket; Don't go for 6 +. It can't fit in u r pocket. Over size go for 6. But don't drop. U r. I phone. It sucks u pocket
Dimpy, 28 Oct 2015Hi. I am switchng from android phone (5 inches) to iphone. Should I buy Iphone 6 or 6 plus. Pl... moreBuy the iPhone 6. You won't regret it&#128524;; Buy the iPhone 6. You won't regret it&#128524;
i phone 6 64gb the best i just bought one i like it; i phone 6 64gb the best i just bought one i like it
nothing, 28 Oct 2015am planning to take iphone 6s -64GB please give your suggestions guys.I also bought I phone 6 64GB on last Friday and it's running superb. Still Nothing any faults came a cross..; I also bought I phone 6 64GB on last Friday and it's running superb. Still Nothing any faults came a cross..
am planning to take iphone 6s -64GB please give your suggestions guys.; am planning to take iphone 6s -64GB please give your suggestions guys.
IPhone 6 is totally outdated n internals only, 2 gb ram and 12 mp camera, 3D press, lovely color rose gold. All this for another 800$ pure waist. Why not donate to needy. Apple is over flowing with iPhone heaps of funds. At our cost.; IPhone 6 is totally outdated n internals only, 2 gb ram and 12 mp camera, 3D press, lovely color rose gold. All this for another 800$ pure waist. Why not donate to needy. Apple is over flowing with iPhone heaps of funds. At our cost.
Hi. I am switchng from android phone (5 inches) to iphone. Should I buy Iphone 6 or 6 plus. Please Advise.; Hi. I am switchng from android phone (5 inches) to iphone. Should I buy Iphone 6 or 6 plus. Please Advise.
Hi Everyone. Should I go for iphone 6 or 6 plus. Please advise.; Hi Everyone. Should I go for iphone 6 or 6 plus. Please advise.
i dont see a difference in this two cellphones.i think iphone must go back to the drowing board.; i dont see a difference in this two cellphones.i think iphone must go back to the drowing board.
Manu, 26 Oct 2015Go for iphone 6 64gbThanks to all, will go for Iphone 6 64 gb.; Thanks to all, will go for Iphone 6 64 gb.
sanjay , 23 Oct 2015I never used iphone mobiles ,now m using samsung s6 edge now I want to use iphone 6s so plz c... moreGo for iphone 6..its awesome.....Its my nice experience switching from Android to IOS; Go for iphone 6..its awesome.....Its my nice experience switching from Android to IOS
el00001, 26 Oct 2015hello i got my iphone 6 and got drained to water.. can it be fix again???please anyone can ans... moreI think no.; I think no.
Go for iphone 6 64gb; Go for iphone 6 64gb
vipul, 25 Oct 2015Hi, I am really confused between Iphone 6 64 gb and Iphone 6s 16 gb. please advice which one to buy.iPhone 6 64gb. My personal experience with both, I sold iPhone 6s 16gb.; iPhone 6 64gb. My personal experience with both, I sold iPhone 6s 16gb.
hello i got my iphone 6 and got drained to water.. can it be fix again???please anyone can answer me. :(; hello i got my iphone 6 and got drained to water.. can it be fix again???please anyone can answer me. :(
sumit, 25 Oct 2015hi guys iwld like to know which mobile I shld buy under 35k I'm luking. for gud luking gud bat... moreGalaxy note 4, or s6. Both are good.; Galaxy note 4, or s6. Both are good.
vipul, 25 Oct 2015Hi, I am really confused between Iphone 6 64 gb and Iphone 6s 16 gb. please advice which one to buy.Go with Android phone; Go with Android phone
vipul, 25 Oct 2015Hi, I am really confused between Iphone 6 64 gb and Iphone 6s 16 gb. please advice which one to buy.16 GB is not enough; 16 GB is not enough
16 GB is not enough; 16 GB is not enough
Dandiraja, 25 Oct 2015Stay with iPhone 6, it's better than 6s. Wait for iPhone 7.!!! No it's not that's like saying the 5 is better than 5s and the 4 was better than 4s. You make no sense.; !!! No it's not that's like saying the 5 is better than 5s and the 4 was better than 4s. You make no sense.
vansh26, 22 Oct 2015Which phone i should buy iphone 5s or iphone 6 plzz suggestIt depends iphone 6 is bigger has more features; It depends iphone 6 is bigger has more features
Hi, I am really confused between Iphone 6 64 gb and Iphone 6s 16 gb. please advice which one to buy.; Hi, I am really confused between Iphone 6 64 gb and Iphone 6s 16 gb. please advice which one to buy.
hi guys iwld like to know which mobile I shld buy under 35k I'm luking. for gud luking gud battery and gud processor plz Tellme shld I buy iphone6 or Samsung s6; hi guys iwld like to know which mobile I shld buy under 35k I'm luking. for gud luking gud battery and gud processor plz Tellme shld I buy iphone6 or Samsung s6
I'm using i phone 4s before but changed into iphone 6 now.
 Feelzzz BETTER than others in safety
 But not satisfied with zoomy shots taken 
 I PHONE 6 will provide u MORE COMFOTABLE&#128522;; I'm using i phone 4s before but changed into iphone 6 now.; Feelzzz BETTER than others in safety; But not satisfied with zoomy shots taken; I PHONE 6 will provide u MORE COMFOTABLE&#128522;
kishore121, 23 Oct 2015Hey dr I am using iPhone 6 64gb it was good no heating and battery life sound camera everythin... moreStay with iPhone 6, it's better than 6s. Wait for iPhone 7.; Stay with iPhone 6, it's better than 6s. Wait for iPhone 7.
It's very true that it bends! Without any mishandling, very delicate :(; It's very true that it bends! Without any mishandling, very delicate :(
I update my iPhone 6 iOS 9.0.1 to 9.1 and the screen colors are not so vivid. &#128545;; I update my iPhone 6 iOS 9.0.1 to 9.1 and the screen colors are not so vivid. &#128545;
Hey dr I am using iPhone 6 64gb it was good no heating and battery life sound camera everything good but I am looking to buy s6 is good or bad can u prefer me; Hey dr I am using iPhone 6 64gb it was good no heating and battery life sound camera everything good but I am looking to buy s6 is good or bad can u prefer me
vansh26, 22 Oct 2015Which phone i should buy iphone 5s or iphone 6 plzz suggestIPhone 6, reasonable screen size and more battery timing.; IPhone 6, reasonable screen size and more battery timing.
vansh26, 22 Oct 2015Which phone i should buy iphone 5s or iphone 6 plzz suggestiphone 6, its latest and has everything whatever 5s has but not the same design. Now its upto you what design would you prefer, all matter of taste.; iphone 6, its latest and has everything whatever 5s has but not the same design. Now its upto you what design would you prefer, all matter of taste.
[deleted post]Yes, it can be a nice experience to use iphone only if you wont expect to have features or freedom like android otherwise it will be really amazing experience to use iphone.; Yes, it can be a nice experience to use iphone only if you wont expect to have features or freedom like android otherwise it will be really amazing experience to use iphone.
I never used iphone mobiles ,now m using samsung s6 edge now I want to use iphone 6s so plz can any1 tell me iphone is good 4 me or not; I never used iphone mobiles ,now m using samsung s6 edge now I want to use iphone 6s so plz can any1 tell me iphone is good 4 me or not
Anonymous, 19 Oct 2015Omg this phone has gotten more problems and I can talk about your iPad iPhone since iPhone thr... moreOn the iPhone 6 you can play minecraft properly; On the iPhone 6 you can play minecraft properly
Anonymous, 22 Oct 2015Which phone i should buy iphone 5s or iphone 6 plzz suggestexperia z5; experia z5
Theo (NC, U.S.A.), 19 Oct 2015Ugh I've had nothing but issues with new iPhone 6s Plus I just got less than a week ago on 10/... moreIt's the phone I have the same problem and got a brand new one on Tuesday and it's doing the same thing. Im switching over this bad .; It's the phone I have the same problem and got a brand new one on Tuesday and it's doing the same thing. Im switching over this bad .
Anonymous, 22 Oct 2015Which phone i should buy iphone 5s or iphone 6 plzz suggestboth; both
Which phone i should buy iphone 5s or iphone 6 plzz suggest; Which phone i should buy iphone 5s or iphone 6 plzz suggest
Which phone i should buy iphone 5s or iphone 6 plzz suggest; Which phone i should buy iphone 5s or iphone 6 plzz suggest
I bought iPhone 6s but it was not good as iPhone 6 so sold out and bought again iPhone 6.
 I can't say anything about the others but mine iPhone6s became hot while play videos or browsing, battery timing was also less than iPhone 6. But phone is heavy and thick. I was not satisfied with iPhone 6s. 
 The best models of iPhone are iPhone 5s and 6.; I bought iPhone 6s but it was not good as iPhone 6 so sold out and bought again iPhone 6.; I can't say anything about the others but mine iPhone6s became hot while play videos or browsing, battery timing was also less than iPhone 6. But phone is heavy and thick. I was not satisfied with iPhone 6s.; The best models of iPhone are iPhone 5s and 6.
Iphone6 or Iphone 6s very good fone.
 Good Video, Good Picture
 Battery last for atleaset 7 to 8 hrs using 3/4 g browser, video calling
 watsapp, email account 5 nos, fone call very little. may at the most I get 15 to 20 calls a day.
 Very good screen. Slim and sexy. Sound quality good. Network very good.
 I love my Iphone 6. I say if u have i phone 6 dont buy iphone 6s.
 love you apple.; Iphone6 or Iphone 6s very good fone.; Good Video, Good Picture; Battery last for atleaset 7 to 8 hrs using 3/4 g browser, video calling; watsapp, email account 5 nos, fone call very little. may at the most I get 15 to 20 calls a day.; Very good screen. Slim and sexy. Sound quality good. Network very good.; I love my Iphone 6. I say if u have i phone 6 dont buy iphone 6s.; love you apple.
Nav virk, 21 Oct 2015Apple is very good phone but some s6 samsung is very usefull camra is very good from 6.... My ... moreohh really; ohh really
Anonymous, 19 Oct 2015i have used samsung's, sony's and other mobiles too but no one is better than apple. all of ot... moreI love Apple products but Samsung S6 i a lot better. I would go to S6; I love Apple products but Samsung S6 i a lot better. I would go to S6
Don't you guys think that
 
 &#9679; Apple should made the iPhone 6 32GB storage capacity at least instead of the poor 16GB?
 &#9679; The price variations iPhone between storage capabilities isn't that too much?
 &#9679; I bet more & more people would have buy an apple products happily if apple would have not sale their products that too much pricy!; Don't you guys think that; &#9679; Apple should made the iPhone 6 32GB storage capacity at least instead of the poor 16GB?; &#9679; The price variations iPhone between storage capabilities isn't that too much?; &#9679; I bet more & more people would have buy an apple products happily if apple would have not sale their products that too much pricy!
Confused iPhone 5S or iPhone 6 ?? Please Suggest Me; Confused iPhone 5S or iPhone 6 ?? Please Suggest Me
Steve jobs , 20 Oct 2015Witch one is better iphone 6s or samsung glaxery 6s edge ? Apple is very good phone but some s6 samsung is very usefull camra is very good from 6.... My advice u should byu samsung s6 edge excellent phone by samsung; Apple is very good phone but some s6 samsung is very usefull camra is very good from 6.... My advice u should byu samsung s6 edge excellent phone by samsung
Steve jobs , 20 Oct 2015Witch one is better iphone 6s or samsung glaxery 6s edge ? The new iphone six s is basicly the same thing as the six but both phones are pretty great; The new iphone six s is basicly the same thing as the six but both phones are pretty great
Vince, 20 Oct 2015I HATE my apple iphone 6. As soon as the next phone comes out they put an update that makes th... moreIf you can save your pictures contacts and messages, if you memory wipe factory reset your phone it will be back to normal. Happened to me too. After update, something as simple as texting was a pain as it would freeze and crash after iOS 9; If you can save your pictures contacts and messages, if you memory wipe factory reset your phone it will be back to normal. Happened to me too. After update, something as simple as texting was a pain as it would freeze and crash after iOS 9
I HATE my apple iphone 6. As soon as the next phone comes out they put an update that makes the year old phone obsolete, makes it incredibly slow, and the worst part about it, you have to update your phone, there isnt any option to stop this from needing to be upgrade, ive looked, over-and-over. It you want to buy a phone phone every year just so it can be usable iphone is the way to go.; I HATE my apple iphone 6. As soon as the next phone comes out they put an update that makes the year old phone obsolete, makes it incredibly slow, and the worst part about it, you have to update your phone, there isnt any option to stop this from needing to be upgrade, ive looked, over-and-over. It you want to buy a phone phone every year just so it can be usable iphone is the way to go.
Witch one is better iphone 6s or samsung glaxery 6s edge ?; Witch one is better iphone 6s or samsung glaxery 6s edge ?
Iphone 6 over rated
 The wordt phone on the market at the moment with all its issues and no upgrades; Iphone 6 over rated; The wordt phone on the market at the moment with all its issues and no upgrades
Anonymous, 19 Oct 2015which is better samsung S6 or iphone 6 ?I have both. If you had an iPhone before, it is about the same. I prefer my iPhone 5s over the 6. And I really like the GS6. It is android and it runs very smooth and very fast. Music player sounds better and is more customizable on the GS6. Both have excellent cameras for picture and videos. But I find the GS6 camera better for pictures but the iPhone camera dominates in slow mo video recording. Keep in mind. Both do not have Memory Card slots. Both are quality phones and very expensive. It will come down to what is your preference.; I have both. If you had an iPhone before, it is about the same. I prefer my iPhone 5s over the 6. And I really like the GS6. It is android and it runs very smooth and very fast. Music player sounds better and is more customizable on the GS6. Both have excellent cameras for picture and videos. But I find the GS6 camera better for pictures but the iPhone camera dominates in slow mo video recording. Keep in mind. Both do not have Memory Card slots. Both are quality phones and very expensive. It will come down to what is your preference.
Ugh I've had nothing but issues with new iPhone 6s Plus I just got less than a week ago on 10/15. Network signal has been worse than my prior 5s; I'm not getting signal in places where I've not had any signal issues with my 5s. Phone keeps freezing up completely and I've had to do 2 hard resets already. Screen periodically not picking up my selections and typing. Maybe I just got unlucky and received a bad unit or something, because I've never had so many issues with an iPhone before and I've been using iPhones since gen one.; Ugh I've had nothing but issues with new iPhone 6s Plus I just got less than a week ago on 10/15. Network signal has been worse than my prior 5s; I'm not getting signal in places where I've not had any signal issues with my 5s. Phone keeps freezing up completely and I've had to do 2 hard resets already. Screen periodically not picking up my selections and typing. Maybe I just got unlucky and received a bad unit or something, because I've never had so many issues with an iPhone before and I've been using iPhones since gen one.
i have used samsung's, sony's and other mobiles too but no one is better than apple. all of other devices hang their apps crashes but in i phone i haven't face any of those problems.
 so don't be a fool like other.; i have used samsung's, sony's and other mobiles too but no one is better than apple. all of other devices hang their apps crashes but in i phone i haven't face any of those problems.; so don't be a fool like other.
which is better samsung S6 or iphone 6 ?; which is better samsung S6 or iphone 6 ?
Omg this phone has gotten more problems and I can talk about your iPad iPhone since iPhone three this will be my last one; Omg this phone has gotten more problems and I can talk about your iPad iPhone since iPhone three this will be my last one
sumit, 17 Oct 2015thanks which Phnone I shld buy under 35000 rs plz Tellme I am not from India, I live in Norway so here the prices are different. 
 I sold my IPhone 6s and bought Xperia Z5 today, thanks god out of tension now.; I am not from India, I live in Norway so here the prices are different.; I sold my IPhone 6s and bought Xperia Z5 today, thanks god out of tension now.
Ouzel, 17 Oct 2015I'm considering changing from Samsung Note 3 to an Apple. What are the advantages to my goin... moreIts a lot faster, more stable system then touchwiz, i have iphone 6 now and never crashes. I post this comment coz i know samsung i had galaxy s5 and change it for iphone 6, that was for me the best options and i didnt regret. If you dont need costumisaton on android and for you its not problem to put your music over the itunes(i know people that dont want to do that but its only 5 minutes) go for iphone. You will never have buggs, i promise, good luck; Its a lot faster, more stable system then touchwiz, i have iphone 6 now and never crashes. I post this comment coz i know samsung i had galaxy s5 and change it for iphone 6, that was for me the best options and i didnt regret. If you dont need costumisaton on android and for you its not problem to put your music over the itunes(i know people that dont want to do that but its only 5 minutes) go for iphone. You will never have buggs, i promise, good luck
the ram is not so good but the camera quality is unbelivable....
 this phone is the best.; the ram is not so good but the camera quality is unbelivable....; this phone is the best.
you made a right decision.
 You won't regret it i assure you...
 I'm an apple user since when I was in college up to date...
 Asking about the benefits... lots :)
 One really good about iphone is virus free and so on..\; you made a right decision.; You won't regret it i assure you...; I'm an apple user since when I was in college up to date...; Asking about the benefits... lots :); One really good about iphone is virus free and so on..\
rejaz, 17 Oct 2015IPhone 6 has the best battery timing in all the iPhone models, I have used 5, 5s, 6 and now us... morethanks which Phnone I shld buy under 35000 rs plz Tellme; thanks which Phnone I shld buy under 35000 rs plz Tellme
I'm considering changing from Samsung Note 3 to an Apple. What are the advantages to my going with Apple over Samsung?; I'm considering changing from Samsung Note 3 to an Apple. What are the advantages to my going with Apple over Samsung?
sumit, 16 Oct 2015hi I'm from India want to buy iPhone6 want to know about battery life of iphone6 and I use lot... moreIPhone 6 has the best battery timing in all the iPhone models, I have used 5, 5s, 6 and now using 6s(with the worse battery timing).
 If you just considering battery timing then I shalll suggest not to buy any of iPhone model. Then you should think about Sony. I am iPhone user but cannot give you wrong advise. I can afford to charge it 3 times in a day so I am using it.; IPhone 6 has the best battery timing in all the iPhone models, I have used 5, 5s, 6 and now using 6s(with the worse battery timing).; If you just considering battery timing then I shalll suggest not to buy any of iPhone model. Then you should think about Sony. I am iPhone user but cannot give you wrong advise. I can afford to charge it 3 times in a day so I am using it.
hi I'm from India want to buy iPhone6 want to know about battery life of iphone6 and I use lot watsp Facebook and net I'm using andriod I want to know iphone6 battery is gud or nt plz Tellme iwanna know shld I buy or nt I'm using Samsung and it's battery rUN more than a day; hi I'm from India want to buy iPhone6 want to know about battery life of iphone6 and I use lot watsp Facebook and net I'm using andriod I want to know iphone6 battery is gud or nt plz Tellme iwanna know shld I buy or nt I'm using Samsung and it's battery rUN more than a day
Deep, 16 Oct 2015Can you tell me the version of your ios 9 update?The first one 9.0.1 was pretty awful, caused my 6 to crash, and even texting was a pain, and something as simple as either locking the phone, and swiping between home screens caused my phone to freeze. The new iOS 9.0.2 and a complete factory reset fixed this issue. My 6 is back to running at 100% with no lag or freeze. I won't be updating my iPhone 5s though. iOS 8.0.4 works perfectly without the iOS 9 extra.; The first one 9.0.1 was pretty awful, caused my 6 to crash, and even texting was a pain, and something as simple as either locking the phone, and swiping between home screens caused my phone to freeze. The new iOS 9.0.2 and a complete factory reset fixed this issue. My 6 is back to running at 100% with no lag or freeze. I won't be updating my iPhone 5s though. iOS 8.0.4 works perfectly without the iOS 9 extra.
Romano, 14 Oct 2015Software wise, I have always found that the iPhone 6 is slower and laggy compared to the iPhon... moreCan you tell me the version of your ios 9 update?; Can you tell me the version of your ios 9 update?
Rishab11, 13 Oct 2015I m going 2 buy iphn6 16gb tommrw.. Plz tl me whthr 16gb is enough or nt?Best to buy 64 gb; Best to buy 64 gb
Midofawzy, 08 Oct 2015I hope the advice I am on my way to buy the first phone, Apple 6 and I was very confused and t... moreIphone6; Iphone6
Romano, 14 Oct 2015Software wise, I have always found that the iPhone 6 is slower and laggy compared to the iPhon... moreiPhone 6s also becomes hot while calling at least mine does this I don't know about the others but there is no app crashes problem yet.; iPhone 6s also becomes hot while calling at least mine does this I don't know about the others but there is no app crashes problem yet.
rejaz, 14 Oct 2015I bought iPhone 6s and my suggestion is Do not upgrade if you have iPhone 6. It is useless to ... moreSoftware wise, I have always found that the iPhone 6 is slower and laggy compared to the iPhone 5s which runs more fluid on iOS 8.3. Does your 6S lag? Is it buggy? App crashing? Freezing? I found these issues with the 6 they were not a big deal but iOS 9 made the phone unbearable. A new update and a memory wipe factory reset fixed it. How is it on the iPhone 6S?; Software wise, I have always found that the iPhone 6 is slower and laggy compared to the iPhone 5s which runs more fluid on iOS 8.3. Does your 6S lag? Is it buggy? App crashing? Freezing? I found these issues with the 6 they were not a big deal but iOS 9 made the phone unbearable. A new update and a memory wipe factory reset fixed it. How is it on the iPhone 6S?
I bought iPhone 6s and my suggestion is Do not upgrade if you have iPhone 6. It is useless to spend money, there is no big difference but thick and less battery timing as compare to iPhone 6.; I bought iPhone 6s and my suggestion is Do not upgrade if you have iPhone 6. It is useless to spend money, there is no big difference but thick and less battery timing as compare to iPhone 6.
To me apple needs to step up it's game from a dual core CPU to a quad core instead of the graphics area, android has Alr done this by employing a octacore and quad core graphics and if u really look at it with out the display design and camera quality the iPhone and iPad would be entry level devices; To me apple needs to step up it's game from a dual core CPU to a quad core instead of the graphics area, android has Alr done this by employing a octacore and quad core graphics and if u really look at it with out the display design and camera quality the iPhone and iPad would be entry level devices
hw mch will it take if i m updtin it 2 ios9?
 plz rply asap!!
 help!!; hw mch will it take if i m updtin it 2 ios9?; plz rply asap!!; help!!
Rishab11, 13 Oct 2015I m going 2 buy iphn6 16gb tommrw.. Plz tl me whthr 16gb is enough or nt?if you are ok with ios 8 then go for it, but you update ios 9 this is not enough 16gb; if you are ok with ios 8 then go for it, but you update ios 9 this is not enough 16gb
I m going 2 buy iphn6 16gb tommrw..
 Plz tl me whthr 16gb is enough or nt?; I m going 2 buy iphn6 16gb tommrw..; Plz tl me whthr 16gb is enough or nt?
oni69, 12 Oct 20155swhy 5s is better than 6; why 5s is better than 6
Im going to buy a new one .... i love this phone great; Im going to buy a new one .... i love this phone great
ketul vekariya, 09 Oct 2015Iphone 5s or samsung note 3 or note 4 ... for which i sud go??i5s; i5s
Anonymous, 09 Oct 2015what happens when my iphone hungs?Put it down; Put it down
Mahmoudmagdy, 10 Oct 2015which is better iphone 6 or note 5 ?iPhone 6 because it's virus free; iPhone 6 because it's virus free
Ramy H., 11 Oct 2015Hello guys what is the best choice : iphone 5s or iphone 6 ?? Plz answer5s; 5s
Sumi , 11 Oct 2015Which is better 5s or 6?4s/5s. Size doesn't matter in terms of durability; 4s/5s. Size doesn't matter in terms of durability
After updating to Ios9 my phone is not at its best like it was before on Ios8. I wish Apple find a solution to this.; After updating to Ios9 my phone is not at its best like it was before on Ios8. I wish Apple find a solution to this.
Anonymous, 07 Oct 2015After ios 9.0.2 update, Siri is not working. Are you guys facing the same problem?son u buy iphone 6 and use telenor thats not fare; son u buy iphone 6 and use telenor thats not fare
Sumi , 11 Oct 2015Which is better 5s or 6?I think IP6 is better; I think IP6 is better
hirushka, 08 Oct 2015Im going to buy an iphone 6. Its my first iphone. So I need to know that, can I share my pics ... moreyup!!!....Sharing app 'SHAREIT' is now also available in apple phones...so no problem in sharing; yup!!!....Sharing app 'SHAREIT' is now also available in apple phones...so no problem in sharing
There is a list of things that puts me down, buying an iphone 6
 1. Screen resolution- There is a significant diff between 720p and a 1080p or 1440p display
 2. Battery life- No matter how optimized it is. But the battery is so small to last long
 3. Storage- Can afford 16gb. But 64gb is way too pricey. About 9k-10k diff.
 4. Not worth price; There is a list of things that puts me down, buying an iphone 6; 1. Screen resolution- There is a significant diff between 720p and a 1080p or 1440p display; 2. Battery life- No matter how optimized it is. But the battery is so small to last long; 3. Storage- Can afford 16gb. But 64gb is way too pricey. About 9k-10k diff.; 4. Not worth price
Anonymous, 09 Oct 2015what happens when my iphone hungs?It hangs; It hangs
Which is better 5s or 6?; Which is better 5s or 6?
Hello guys what is the best choice : iphone 5s or iphone 6 ?? Plz answer; Hello guys what is the best choice : iphone 5s or iphone 6 ?? Plz answer
which is better iphone 6 or note 5 ?; which is better iphone 6 or note 5 ?
Romano, 06 Oct 2015For anyone wondering.. iOS 9 really messed with my iPhone 6. It has become laggy, apps crash, ... more9.0.2 update has all solution to your problems; 9.0.2 update has all solution to your problems
IOS 9 doesn't work properly poor apple; IOS 9 doesn't work properly poor apple
Obviously note 4; Obviously note 4
what happens when my iphone hungs?; what happens when my iphone hungs?
hirushka, 08 Oct 2015Im going to buy an iphone 6. Its my first iphone. So I need to know that, can I share my pics ... moreyes you can send thru share it; yes you can send thru share it
My boss changed all the company cellphones and I had to ditch my beloved Samsung S4 to migrate to a iPhone6. It's cute slim and battery life is good, but that's it. Very annoying to transfer everything, very time consuming. Most things work so so and to top it of off you only have a measly 12 GB to use and no card slot for adding more? I basically just use it for the minimum and reactivated a personnal account to use an android phone that doesn't suck like this. To be honest I think I would compare it to my old Samsung Galaxy Nexus to give the iPhone6 a fair chance! If this is the Apple revolution, they can keep it!; My boss changed all the company cellphones and I had to ditch my beloved Samsung S4 to migrate to a iPhone6. It's cute slim and battery life is good, but that's it. Very annoying to transfer everything, very time consuming. Most things work so so and to top it of off you only have a measly 12 GB to use and no card slot for adding more? I basically just use it for the minimum and reactivated a personnal account to use an android phone that doesn't suck like this. To be honest I think I would compare it to my old Samsung Galaxy Nexus to give the iPhone6 a fair chance! If this is the Apple revolution, they can keep it!
Iphone 5s or samsung note 3 or note 4 ... for which i sud go??; Iphone 5s or samsung note 3 or note 4 ... for which i sud go??
Midofawzy, 08 Oct 2015I hope the advice I am on my way to buy the first phone, Apple 6 and I was very confused and t... moreAs an engineer working in a manufacturing industry, I suggest you to buy a cheap android phone like Moto G. 
 Still if you want a phone to take good pics and money is no problem then go for iPhone 6s or otherwise iPhone 6.; As an engineer working in a manufacturing industry, I suggest you to buy a cheap android phone like Moto G.; Still if you want a phone to take good pics and money is no problem then go for iPhone 6s or otherwise iPhone 6.
Im going to buy an iphone 6. Its my first iphone. So I need to know that, can I share my pics vedios and other stuff through wifi with an android phone. And the other one is about the bending issues. Is that phone really bend??? Im confuced on those problems. Please help me anyone who know about iphones and ios.; Im going to buy an iphone 6. Its my first iphone. So I need to know that, can I share my pics vedios and other stuff through wifi with an android phone. And the other one is about the bending issues. Is that phone really bend??? Im confuced on those problems. Please help me anyone who know about iphones and ios.
I hope the advice I am on my way to buy the first phone, Apple 6 and I was very confused and that the circumstances of my work hard as an engineer in the Mechanics cement factory what is best for the conditions of my work and the surrounding environment in terms of dust and heat, oils and dirt my selections:
 1- iphone 6
 2-iphone 6s
 3-htc m8
 4-sony xperia z3 compact; I hope the advice I am on my way to buy the first phone, Apple 6 and I was very confused and that the circumstances of my work hard as an engineer in the Mechanics cement factory what is best for the conditions of my work and the surrounding environment in terms of dust and heat, oils and dirt my selections:; 1- iphone 6; 2-iphone 6s; 3-htc m8; 4-sony xperia z3 compact
samar, 05 Oct 2015hI guys want to buy iphone6 bt before I buy this phone want to know about the phone camera, ba... moreYou should buy s6, camera, ram, core, battery life are all better; You should buy s6, camera, ram, core, battery life are all better
samar, 05 Oct 2015hI guys want to buy iphone6 bt before I buy this phone want to know about the phone camera, ba... moreYou go for iphone 6; You go for iphone 6
I have a iPhone 6 and it is amazing no troubles and the slim design is truly amazing... it is fast and the updates is next level; I have a iPhone 6 and it is amazing no troubles and the slim design is truly amazing... it is fast and the updates is next level
Worst experience ever. Email doesn't work, bluetooth drops headset and car sync, really bad. Battery life a joke. Doesn't last long enough to get through a day of Apple tech support. 
 
 DON'T BY A 6S; Worst experience ever. Email doesn't work, bluetooth drops headset and car sync, really bad. Battery life a joke. Doesn't last long enough to get through a day of Apple tech support.; DON'T BY A 6S
After ios 9.0.2 update, Siri is not working. Are you guys facing the same problem?; After ios 9.0.2 update, Siri is not working. Are you guys facing the same problem?
iPhone 6 it's very good mobile I like apple; iPhone 6 it's very good mobile I like apple
Michle, 04 Oct 2015Hi Need your help I cant sign out of my icloud sing out from it Now i want use a new id ... moreRegister on iCloud and get an icloud email.; Register on iCloud and get an icloud email.
Michle, 04 Oct 2015Hi Need your help I cant sign out of my icloud sing out from it Now i want use a new id ... morethrough your i phone 6 , buy samsung galaxy note5; through your i phone 6 , buy samsung galaxy note5
Amazing phone, fan of its design and champagne color !! :); Amazing phone, fan of its design and champagne color !! :)
For anyone wondering.. iOS 9 really messed with my iPhone 6. It has become laggy, apps crash, texting something as simple as texting is slow, laggy, and the Message app crashes. IDK what the deal is, hope Apple issues a fix. if you have not updated to iOS( and still rock iOS 8, PLEASE do not update yet! Too many annoying bugs. Luckily my 5s is still my main phone and it still is running iOS 8.3 or 8.4
 iPhone 6 is a really good phone but the iOS 9 really drags it down.; For anyone wondering.. iOS 9 really messed with my iPhone 6. It has become laggy, apps crash, texting something as simple as texting is slow, laggy, and the Message app crashes. IDK what the deal is, hope Apple issues a fix. if you have not updated to iOS( and still rock iOS 8, PLEASE do not update yet! Too many annoying bugs. Luckily my 5s is still my main phone and it still is running iOS 8.3 or 8.4; iPhone 6 is a really good phone but the iOS 9 really drags it down.
Specs for this phone are laim, out-dated. 8 mp, 1gb ram, sad. Have you heard of Cortana?; Specs for this phone are laim, out-dated. 8 mp, 1gb ram, sad. Have you heard of Cortana?
i have iphone6 bt its out speaker not working; i have iphone6 bt its out speaker not working
Samsung galaxy, Sony Xperia, LG and all android smartphone are almost the same but Apple Iphone is just One; Samsung galaxy, Sony Xperia, LG and all android smartphone are almost the same but Apple Iphone is just One
hey, i want to buy new iPhone, but confused whether to buy 6 or 6s, 6s is almost 25k more than 6, is it worthy?; hey, i want to buy new iPhone, but confused whether to buy 6 or 6s, 6s is almost 25k more than 6, is it worthy?
it is vary good phone; it is vary good phone
for those saying android is better I say one word "SIRI" ;) I love my iphone 6; for those saying android is better I say one word "SIRI" ;) I love my iphone 6
dropped in 5 times, never broke down still kicking!; dropped in 5 times, never broke down still kicking!
Aki, 25 Sep 2015Hello guys.. please help me im going to buy new phone i personally like this two phones 1. #... morehi. htc m8 is a great phone also for its sound. samsung is also great. but iphone 6? very nice phone.. great exprience wit iphone.. Go for iphone 6; hi. htc m8 is a great phone also for its sound. samsung is also great. but iphone 6? very nice phone.. great exprience wit iphone.. Go for iphone 6
Got my new iphone 6 last Sept 30. updated if to iOS 9.0.2 and it works perfectly.. i love iphone..; Got my new iphone 6 last Sept 30. updated if to iOS 9.0.2 and it works perfectly.. i love iphone..
rikkkin, 03 Oct 2015should I go for iPhone6 64GB version , bcoz approx. at that price 16GB version is available of... moreif u dnt have money issues then go for 64 gb .. if u wana show ur iphone to others then go for 16gb .. because for personal usage 16gb is not sufficiant .. go for 64 (Y); if u dnt have money issues then go for 64 gb .. if u wana show ur iphone to others then go for 16gb .. because for personal usage 16gb is not sufficiant .. go for 64 (Y)
karanvir, 05 Oct 2015hey,,planning to but iphone 6 but i want to know that will this phone work internationally, if... moreyes; yes
hI guys want to buy iphone6 bt before I buy this phone want to know about the phone camera, battery about phone performance which Phone I should buy iPhone or Samsung s6; hI guys want to buy iphone6 bt before I buy this phone want to know about the phone camera, battery about phone performance which Phone I should buy iPhone or Samsung s6
Rishab11, 04 Oct 2015Planning to buy a new iphn 6!! Bt cnfsd abt wch IOS will b pre-instlld Wud b gr8 if anybdy cn tl!!ios 9 if you buy sealed new phone; ios 9 if you buy sealed new phone
Very nice smartphone , but ...only 1 GB RAM ...?; Very nice smartphone , but ...only 1 GB RAM ...?
Yeah I think IPhone 6 is really good and there's no point of having the 6s because it's the same and why did apple bring different colours to the iPhone 6s there's no point cause it will just look like the 6.
 
 Apple need to stop bringing out new Iphones because they are bringing new Iphones out really quickly; Yeah I think IPhone 6 is really good and there's no point of having the 6s because it's the same and why did apple bring different colours to the iPhone 6s there's no point cause it will just look like the 6.; Apple need to stop bringing out new Iphones because they are bringing new Iphones out really quickly
Hi
 Need your help
 I cant sign out of my icloud
 sing out from it 
 Now i want use a new id 
 When import the new id ; show me this massage 
 
 " maximum number of free accounts have been activeted on this iphone
 
 What do i do???????; Hi; Need your help; I cant sign out of my icloud; sing out from it; Now i want use a new id; When import the new id ; show me this massage; " maximum number of free accounts have been activeted on this iphone; What do i do???????
iOS version will be written on the box. Newly manufactured has latest software, older stock will have iOS 8.x.x version.; iOS version will be written on the box. Newly manufactured has latest software, older stock will have iOS 8.x.x version.
Planning to buy a new iphn 6!!
 Bt cnfsd abt wch IOS will b pre-instlld
 Wud b gr8 if anybdy cn tl!!; Planning to buy a new iphn 6!!; Bt cnfsd abt wch IOS will b pre-instlld; Wud b gr8 if anybdy cn tl!!
Planning to buy a new iphn 6!!
 Bt cnfsd abt wch IOS will b pre-instlld
 Wud b gr8 if anybdy cn tl!!; Planning to buy a new iphn 6!!; Bt cnfsd abt wch IOS will b pre-instlld; Wud b gr8 if anybdy cn tl!!
download garage band, from that we can set the song as ringtone...i liked a lot i6; download garage band, from that we can set the song as ringtone...i liked a lot i6
My Iphone 6 is the best smartphone ! Thanks APPLE ....; My Iphone 6 is the best smartphone ! Thanks APPLE ....
Oam, 02 Oct 2015Am planning to buy my first iphone.....confused with iphone 6 or 6s since 6s got some over hea... more6 dear &#128513;&#128513;; 6 dear &#128513;&#128513;
Oam, 02 Oct 2015Am planning to buy my first iphone.....confused with iphone 6 or 6s since 6s got some over hea... moreApple iphone 6 upgrade is abailable in ios 9.0.2; Apple iphone 6 upgrade is abailable in ios 9.0.2
should I go for iPhone6 64GB version , bcoz approx. at that price 16GB version is available of 6s which is not opt. for me.
 
 and is there any performance difference between 6s and 6??; should I go for iPhone6 64GB version , bcoz approx. at that price 16GB version is available of 6s which is not opt. for me.; and is there any performance difference between 6s and 6??
Oam, 02 Oct 2015Am planning to buy my first iphone.....confused with iphone 6 or 6s since 6s got some over hea... moreI'd go with the 6, because as you said, the 6s has overheating issues and it simply doesn't offer much for that price if you compare it to iphone 6; I'd go with the 6, because as you said, the 6s has overheating issues and it simply doesn't offer much for that price if you compare it to iphone 6
Oam, 02 Oct 2015Am planning to buy my first iphone.....confused with iphone 6 or 6s since 6s got some over hea... moreGo for iPhone 6, I bought my first iPhone 6 yesterday. So far no heating problem. It is a great phone.; Go for iPhone 6, I bought my first iPhone 6 yesterday. So far no heating problem. It is a great phone.
Am planning to buy my first iphone.....confused with iphone 6 or 6s since 6s got some over heating problems and with ios 9....help me choose 6 or 6s?; Am planning to buy my first iphone.....confused with iphone 6 or 6s since 6s got some over heating problems and with ios 9....help me choose 6 or 6s?
srk, 01 Oct 2015can any one tell me plz how to convert mp3 to itune formet any link to download free songs in... moreuse real player converter; use real player converter
I love the iphone 6, it takes great pics and is the perfect size. All the different metals it comes in are very nice!!! iphone 6= amazing; I love the iphone 6, it takes great pics and is the perfect size. All the different metals it comes in are very nice!!! iphone 6= amazing
i love love love love iphone!!!!!!!!1; i love love love love iphone!!!!!!!!1
Ok. Apple has been skating away in the glory of its past models which kind of were somewhat of a game changer. I'd say the 4s were there last significant model. After that whatever the company stood for (INNOVATION) has been dialed significantly down. They have just been taking whats already in the market and pulling them off as something new.
 A bigger screen.- groundbreaking
 Apple pencil - tech has never seen such an incredible product (R.I.P again jobs)
 and the Surface pro ripoff. The ipad pro. 
 And stealing from what they already have and calling it a new name. Force touch to 3d touch. 
 Lets be brutally honest people. The only reason why most people buy this unbelievably expensive phone (myself included) is because of the name "APPLE".; Ok. Apple has been skating away in the glory of its past models which kind of were somewhat of a game changer. I'd say the 4s were there last significant model. After that whatever the company stood for (INNOVATION) has been dialed significantly down. They have just been taking whats already in the market and pulling them off as something new.; A bigger screen.- groundbreaking; Apple pencil - tech has never seen such an incredible product (R.I.P again jobs); and the Surface pro ripoff. The ipad pro.; And stealing from what they already have and calling it a new name. Force touch to 3d touch.; Lets be brutally honest people. The only reason why most people buy this unbelievably expensive phone (myself included) is because of the name "APPLE".
srk, 01 Oct 2015can any one tell me plz how to convert mp3 to itune formet any link to download free songs in... moreI did not understand a single word you said. But being the daredevil i am im going to take a a shot because im in a helping mood today. This site DOES NOT give personal phone problem advice. There are other sites for that. Please.; I did not understand a single word you said. But being the daredevil i am im going to take a a shot because im in a helping mood today. This site DOES NOT give personal phone problem advice. There are other sites for that. Please.
I like to ask i use iphone 6 and 6 plus but now have a new update to 9.0.2 is good and some bugs, anybody can tell; I like to ask i use iphone 6 and 6 plus but now have a new update to 9.0.2 is good and some bugs, anybody can tell
raj, 26 Sep 2015Is iphone6 has different versions(phones) for CDMA and GSM.?I like iPhone; I like iPhone
can any one tell me plz
 how to convert mp3 to itune formet any link to download free songs in iphone
 i have i phone but i am confused how to convert or download my sons pleas help me..; can any one tell me plz; how to convert mp3 to itune formet any link to download free songs in iphone; i have i phone but i am confused how to convert or download my sons pleas help me..
Honestly don't know what the hype is all about, one of the worst experiences in Tech that I have ever had. From the control freak nature of Apple to the interface to the usability. Compared to the Nokia's running Windows as a work tool the iPhone has been a very disappointing downgrade.; Honestly don't know what the hype is all about, one of the worst experiences in Tech that I have ever had. From the control freak nature of Apple to the interface to the usability. Compared to the Nokia's running Windows as a work tool the iPhone has been a very disappointing downgrade.
mirul, 30 Sep 2015what should i choose...iphone 6 64gb or iphone6 plus 16gb??help me pleasefor for 64GB..; for for 64GB..
mirul, 30 Sep 2015what should i choose...iphone 6 64gb or iphone6 plus 16gb??help me pleaseiphone 6 64gb; iphone 6 64gb
mirul, 30 Sep 2015what should i choose...iphone 6 64gb or iphone6 plus 16gb??help me pleaseIt depends on what you want to do with your phone.
 If you like to install a few apps and download some music i highly recommend you the 64Gb version. It's sad that there isnt a 32Gb version; It depends on what you want to do with your phone.; If you like to install a few apps and download some music i highly recommend you the 64Gb version. It's sad that there isnt a 32Gb version
what should i choose...iphone 6 64gb or iphone6 plus 16gb??help me please; what should i choose...iphone 6 64gb or iphone6 plus 16gb??help me please
i love iphone 6; i love iphone 6
Can download ringtone to iPhone ?; Can download ringtone to iPhone ?
Leonvoon, 25 Sep 2015guys... wanna have some opinion on ip6 and note 5.. which phone is worth to buy?? pls advice me thxBuy iphn 6 best ever; Buy iphn 6 best ever
Aki, 25 Sep 2015Hello guys.. please help me im going to buy new phone i personally like this two phones 1. #... moreapple iPhone6; apple iPhone6
Samsung Galaxy is ugly.; Samsung Galaxy is ugly.
Both are good..
 if u are professional go for apple
 else if u are technical go for Samsung..; Both are good..; if u are professional go for apple; else if u are technical go for Samsung..
Aki, 25 Sep 2015Hello guys.. please help me im going to buy new phone i personally like this two phones 1. #... moreS6; S6
Aki, 25 Sep 2015Hello guys.. please help me im going to buy new phone i personally like this two phones 1. #... moreI love iPhones6 because it firster; I love iPhones6 because it firster
Aki, 25 Sep 2015Hello guys.. please help me im going to buy new phone i personally like this two phones 1. #... moreS6; S6
Confused whether to spend 52k on IPhone 6 64GB go for BlackBerry Porsche Design P9982. Personally I am bit inclined towards the Porsche Design P9982 due to its superior build quality and genuine leather back but still I would like to hear some suggestions.; Confused whether to spend 52k on IPhone 6 64GB go for BlackBerry Porsche Design P9982. Personally I am bit inclined towards the Porsche Design P9982 due to its superior build quality and genuine leather back but still I would like to hear some suggestions.
prakash, 27 Sep 2015IPhone 6 is the best ever....i love apple brand; i love apple brand
prakash, 27 Sep 2015IPhone 6 is the best ever....No its not.; No its not.
Aki, 25 Sep 2015Hello guys.. please help me im going to buy new phone i personally like this two phones 1. #... moreIPhone 6 is the best ever....; IPhone 6 is the best ever....
I bought an IPhone 6 in lockhart tx. It lost cell contact everywhere. It took I back and they said there was tower maintenance going on in the area...fine. Then, I noticed it would lose contact everywhere I went...back to the store. They said I had to turn airplane mode on and off to reconnect to the tower...every time it happened. Then, the keyboard would lockup and all my calls went straight to voice mail with no indication I had voicemails. Then the store told me to call at&t customer service, they said it had to do something with HD in the tower???? Then they ask what type internet service I had...satellite. They had me do a speed test and tried to sell me a cell booster for $150.00 because I had NO service at my home where I always had it before with my old At&t phone. When I told them no way, they said ok, we'll send it for free. Didn't work. Called back and the tech said cell boosters don't work with satellite service. Back to the store to get my money back they said "so sorry" more than two weeks have passed. So, they kept me busy and my hopes alive until time expired...dirty rotten bastards.; I bought an IPhone 6 in lockhart tx. It lost cell contact everywhere. It took I back and they said there was tower maintenance going on in the area...fine. Then, I noticed it would lose contact everywhere I went...back to the store. They said I had to turn airplane mode on and off to reconnect to the tower...every time it happened. Then, the keyboard would lockup and all my calls went straight to voice mail with no indication I had voicemails. Then the store told me to call at&t customer service, they said it had to do something with HD in the tower???? Then they ask what type internet service I had...satellite. They had me do a speed test and tried to sell me a cell booster for $150.00 because I had NO service at my home where I always had it before with my old At&t phone. When I told them no way, they said ok, we'll send it for free. Didn't work. Called back and the tech said cell boosters don't work with satellite service. Back to the store to get my money back they said "so sorry" more than two weeks have passed. So, they kept me busy and my hopes alive until time expired...dirty rotten bastards.
asking some opinion on iphone 6 upgrading to ios 9.0.1, is it ok; asking some opinion on iphone 6 upgrading to ios 9.0.1, is it ok
Aki, 25 Sep 2015Hello guys.. please help me im going to buy new phone i personally like this two phones 1. #... morethe iPhone 6 cuz; the iPhone 6 cuz
Aki, 25 Sep 2015Hello guys.. please help me im going to buy new phone i personally like this two phones 1. #... moreI have 6 plus
 Sooo perfect
 
 Specs
 Software
 Battery
 Build quality
 
 The best
 I didn't thought it will be that cool; I have 6 plus; Sooo perfect; Specs; Software; Battery; Build quality; The best; I didn't thought it will be that cool
Aki, 25 Sep 2015Hello guys.. please help me im going to buy new phone i personally like this two phones 1. #... moreSuperb; Superb
Is iphone6 has different versions(phones) for CDMA and GSM.?; Is iphone6 has different versions(phones) for CDMA and GSM.?
Hello guys.. please help me im going to buy new phone i personally like this two phones 
 1. # Apple iphone 6
 2. # htc one m8
 3 # samsung galaxy s6
 Which ome should i buy??; Hello guys.. please help me im going to buy new phone i personally like this two phones; 1. # Apple iphone 6; 2. # htc one m8; 3 # samsung galaxy s6; Which ome should i buy??
i used to have different phone brands like samsung, htc, lg and apple.Coming back always to what i luv most, Iphone...; i used to have different phone brands like samsung, htc, lg and apple.Coming back always to what i luv most, Iphone...
hi Anu, cant wait also to receive my iphone 6 64GB this 30th. iphone really is a great product.; hi Anu, cant wait also to receive my iphone 6 64GB this 30th. iphone really is a great product.
its time to say good bye to my iPhone 5s. today i ordered my iPhone 6 64GB Silver one. so excited until it comes to my hand.; its time to say good bye to my iPhone 5s. today i ordered my iPhone 6 64GB Silver one. so excited until it comes to my hand.
guys... wanna have some opinion on ip6 and note 5.. which phone is worth to buy?? pls advice me thx; guys... wanna have some opinion on ip6 and note 5.. which phone is worth to buy?? pls advice me thx
guys... wanna have some opinion on ip6 and note 5.. which phone is worth to buy?? pls advice me thx; guys... wanna have some opinion on ip6 and note 5.. which phone is worth to buy?? pls advice me thx
klaus, 23 Sep 2015apple is really one of the best companies now days... it maybe dual-core 1.2 1 gb ram and opti... moreIphone 6 or 5s which is better option for me I want iphone for only calling and what's app and playing games and listening music.is this battery is sufficient for me plz suggest me now I use note 2 last 21 months; Iphone 6 or 5s which is better option for me I want iphone for only calling and what's app and playing games and listening music.is this battery is sufficient for me plz suggest me now I use note 2 last 21 months
guys s4 mini is a value for money deal..this guy rang me up from 3 the other day and gave me a good deal on the s4 mini for £10..totally worth it; guys s4 mini is a value for money deal..this guy rang me up from 3 the other day and gave me a good deal on the s4 mini for £10..totally worth it
I want to purchase iphone first time I m scare about battery life and heating problem plz suggest me which iphone I purchase for first time experience .now I use samsung note 2 which is great battery and big screen now I want handable device; I want to purchase iphone first time I m scare about battery life and heating problem plz suggest me which iphone I purchase for first time experience .now I use samsung note 2 which is great battery and big screen now I want handable device
apple is really one of the best companies now days... it maybe dual-core 1.2 1 gb ram and optional storage a 8 mp camera but as well as i know from video reviews his performance is in the standard of the s6 one m9 and a lot of others, in fact is even higher and that is really amazing ... and all of this due to its powerful chipset(A9) and a perfect running system non stucking makes the iphone 6 an excellent exemplified... it is worth buying but a bit higher as a price but anyway apple ensure us for a 3 years stability and that is really good cause no one wants to use a phone for 1 year and then throw it away...; apple is really one of the best companies now days... it maybe dual-core 1.2 1 gb ram and optional storage a 8 mp camera but as well as i know from video reviews his performance is in the standard of the s6 one m9 and a lot of others, in fact is even higher and that is really amazing ... and all of this due to its powerful chipset(A9) and a perfect running system non stucking makes the iphone 6 an excellent exemplified... it is worth buying but a bit higher as a price but anyway apple ensure us for a 3 years stability and that is really good cause no one wants to use a phone for 1 year and then throw it away...
Anonymous, 22 Sep 2015Straight from wikipedia: "Rusting is the common term for corrosion of iron and its alloy... moreNo you are not cured . you just ran out of money buying the iPhone; No you are not cured . you just ran out of money buying the iPhone
I have been using this phone for quite some time now..... Works great and is upgradable to iOS 9!; I have been using this phone for quite some time now..... Works great and is upgradable to iOS 9!
I love this phone but the price is scaring me; I love this phone but the price is scaring me
Riyuk6239, 20 Sep 2015Aluminium can discolour (turn black) with prolonged contact with certain salts (including some... moreWhat are you about? Corrosion in phone is almost nonexistent.; What are you about? Corrosion in phone is almost nonexistent.
Ranjeet96, 21 Sep 2015I used a Galaxy S6 after having used iPhones for years (4S and 5S). After 3 months I'm done wi... moreI don't know what is with Samsung and its touchwiz. Touchwiz is the laggiest skin around, best being HTC, IMO. After hours of purchasing a galaxy device you can see stuttering and lags. Samsung needs to fix this ASAP. Enjoy your iPhone.; I don't know what is with Samsung and its touchwiz. Touchwiz is the laggiest skin around, best being HTC, IMO. After hours of purchasing a galaxy device you can see stuttering and lags. Samsung needs to fix this ASAP. Enjoy your iPhone.
I currently own an iphone 6. If you are an iphone fan its hard to find faults in this device. For those considering to switch to iphone; the screen is vivid and bright, you cannot see any pixels etc it is just beautiful with sharp colors. The battery lasts the whole day with moderate use. You'll have to charge once in the evening if you are a heavy user. The camera is good but not as good as Samsung S6. You will probably need to get a case for this phone as like the galaxy S6 and S6 edge this device is too very slippery and can easily slip from your hand if you're not careful enough. iOS is smooth and fluid and unlike Android iOs does not lag or start stuttering after a few months. I've never had any lags etc. 
 Overall a great phone if you can live with the restrictions of iOS. That's all software, hardware is near perfect.; I currently own an iphone 6. If you are an iphone fan its hard to find faults in this device. For those considering to switch to iphone; the screen is vivid and bright, you cannot see any pixels etc it is just beautiful with sharp colors. The battery lasts the whole day with moderate use. You'll have to charge once in the evening if you are a heavy user. The camera is good but not as good as Samsung S6. You will probably need to get a case for this phone as like the galaxy S6 and S6 edge this device is too very slippery and can easily slip from your hand if you're not careful enough. iOS is smooth and fluid and unlike Android iOs does not lag or start stuttering after a few months. I've never had any lags etc.; Overall a great phone if you can live with the restrictions of iOS. That's all software, hardware is near perfect.
George Innes , 09 Sep 2015I heard there is a feature called a rechargable battery. if you plug it into the wall with th... moreI heard some people don't always have a charger, or charging station available to them.
 
 Excuse my proper English.; I heard some people don't always have a charger, or charging station available to them.; Excuse my proper English.
Riyuk6239, 20 Sep 2015My iPhone is running butter smooth and lag free on iOS 9. The apps which I use are not crashin... morei am using xperia and i am getting 10hours 12min usage on battery and stand bye time is 15 days 12 hours&#128514;&#128514;; i am using xperia and i am getting 10hours 12min usage on battery and stand bye time is 15 days 12 hours&#128514;&#128514;
iphone6 is great. but charge is little bit problem. finished too early...; iphone6 is great. but charge is little bit problem. finished too early...
Jim, 20 Sep 2015Best phone I have ever had. I had all the flagship Android phones. I was addicted in buying ma... moreStraight from wikipedia: "Rusting is the common term for corrosion of iron and its alloys, such as steel"
 
 Rust = corrosion.; Straight from wikipedia: "Rusting is the common term for corrosion of iron and its alloys, such as steel"; Rust = corrosion.
I used a Galaxy S6 after having used iPhones for years (4S and 5S). After 3 months I'm done with Android and Touchwiz. It's not so fast and stable like iOS so I sold my S6 and last week I have bought iPhone 6. I love it. It feels like I came back home and everything is perfect again :); I used a Galaxy S6 after having used iPhones for years (4S and 5S). After 3 months I'm done with Android and Touchwiz. It's not so fast and stable like iOS so I sold my S6 and last week I have bought iPhone 6. I love it. It feels like I came back home and everything is perfect again :)
Best phone so far before iPhone 6s. Question is, does anyone happen to know a good phone holder to use? 
 
 Thanks in advance.; Best phone so far before iPhone 6s. Question is, does anyone happen to know a good phone holder to use?; Thanks in advance.
Jim, 20 Sep 2015Best phone I have ever had. I had all the flagship Android phones. I was addicted in buying ma... more"Owned all of the android flagships"
 No you haven't. That's a complete lie.; "Owned all of the android flagships"; No you haven't. That's a complete lie.
Best phone I have ever had. I had all the flagship Android phones. I was addicted in buying many phones and selling them. Now, with iPhone 6 I have found the perfect phone. and I am cured from my phone addiction. Thank you Apple!; Best phone I have ever had. I had all the flagship Android phones. I was addicted in buying many phones and selling them. Now, with iPhone 6 I have found the perfect phone. and I am cured from my phone addiction. Thank you Apple!
Weerasekara, 19 Sep 2015I am currently using IPhone 6 gold. In the back cover of the phone I saw some black dots and ... moreAluminum only corrodes but doesn't rust. Only iron rust so, don't worry about it.; Aluminum only corrodes but doesn't rust. Only iron rust so, don't worry about it.
iyuktiv8, 19 Sep 2015Ios 9, the most advanced operating system ever provided by apple. However, these things I am n... moreMy iPhone is running butter smooth and lag free on iOS 9. The apps which I use are not crashing. But I really do missing the quick dial favourite contacts in the task manager. 
 
 iOS 9 mainly improved my battery life. Currently I'm getting 6hrs 11min of usage and 41hrs 22min standby without turning on the "Low power mode".; My iPhone is running butter smooth and lag free on iOS 9. The apps which I use are not crashing. But I really do missing the quick dial favourite contacts in the task manager.; iOS 9 mainly improved my battery life. Currently I'm getting 6hrs 11min of usage and 41hrs 22min standby without turning on the "Low power mode".
Weerasekara, 19 Sep 2015I am currently using IPhone 6 gold. In the back cover of the phone I saw some black dots and ... moreAluminium can discolour (turn black) with prolonged contact with certain salts (including some found in sweat) and other chemicals. The situation won't worsen so long as you keep your iPhone clear of those materials.; Aluminium can discolour (turn black) with prolonged contact with certain salts (including some found in sweat) and other chemicals. The situation won't worsen so long as you keep your iPhone clear of those materials.
I am currently using IPhone 6 gold. In the back cover of the phone I saw some black dots and gold color paint is getting removed Also it is now spreading gradually and gives an abnormal outlook which is not desirable. I need a prompt answer for my query 
 Thanks 
 
 Sri lanka; I am currently using IPhone 6 gold. In the back cover of the phone I saw some black dots and gold color paint is getting removed Also it is now spreading gradually and gives an abnormal outlook which is not desirable. I need a prompt answer for my query; Thanks; Sri lanka
iSO 9 is there; iSO 9 is there
After ios9 update yhe wifi issues were solved on my iPhone 6 and iPad Air, speed and connectivity are stable now unlike ios8 versions specially the latest ones the were horrible at wifi connectivity, at least with me; After ios9 update yhe wifi issues were solved on my iPhone 6 and iPad Air, speed and connectivity are stable now unlike ios8 versions specially the latest ones the were horrible at wifi connectivity, at least with me
Ios 9, the most advanced operating system ever provided by apple. However, these things I am not satisfied with:
 
 Continuos lag in animations
 Blackouts 
 Applications crashing
 No news application provided in India 
 Really missing the quick dial favourite contacts in the task manager
 
 I have used samsung galaxy s5 for 4 months..now I don't have any problem with samsung particularly, however i was not getting that buttery smooth experience that one would expect from a flagship device.
 
 Coming back to apple, with ios9 I am getting same kinda feeling and experience due to lags and bugs.
 
 I hope these things will be rectified i near future by apple, which they always do but they should not release any software until it's completely cooked. Time to learn lessons apple.; Ios 9, the most advanced operating system ever provided by apple. However, these things I am not satisfied with:; Continuos lag in animations; Blackouts; Applications crashing; No news application provided in India; Really missing the quick dial favourite contacts in the task manager; I have used samsung galaxy s5 for 4 months..now I don't have any problem with samsung particularly, however i was not getting that buttery smooth experience that one would expect from a flagship device.; Coming back to apple, with ios9 I am getting same kinda feeling and experience due to lags and bugs.; I hope these things will be rectified i near future by apple, which they always do but they should not release any software until it's completely cooked. Time to learn lessons apple.
Which one is the best I-phone 5s (or) I-phone 6 ???; Which one is the best I-phone 5s (or) I-phone 6 ???
Rinku, 17 Sep 2015I love iphones because iPhone is the best for me Yes , That right .; Yes , That right .
Just updated to iOS9 and to be honest, I'm not happy. I noticed some lags and blackout screen everytime I will open an App. The animation is NOT as smooth as from before. The multitasking feature transition is not good as well. And the Assistive Touch keys doesn't respond accordingly (it always open Voice Control or Siri for some reason). Please Apple fix this as soon as possible.; Just updated to iOS9 and to be honest, I'm not happy. I noticed some lags and blackout screen everytime I will open an App. The animation is NOT as smooth as from before. The multitasking feature transition is not good as well. And the Assistive Touch keys doesn't respond accordingly (it always open Voice Control or Siri for some reason). Please Apple fix this as soon as possible.
James, 15 Sep 2015So this is a problem of the iPhone 6? I just bought it two days ago and man I'm having incredi... moreWell, honey u bought an iphone class a fake...; Well, honey u bought an iphone class a fake...
I love iphones because iPhone is the best for me; I love iphones because iPhone is the best for me
Molly, 13 Sep 2015Same here I loved my I phone 5 I wish I got back i have had a dozen problems with this phone a... moreU could go to 5s preferrably; U could go to 5s preferrably
Anonymous, 14 Sep 2015S6 or iPhone 6 which one to buy can somebody help me out Buy the apple and buy one for me too; Buy the apple and buy one for me too
cruiser, 15 Sep 2015iphone 6s 2gb ram brutal s6 edge 3gb ram facter processor better camer and looks better and c... moreexactly!!!!! but people r going only for iphone!!! :); exactly!!!!! but people r going only for iphone!!! :)
iyuktiv8, 15 Sep 2015It's September 16th here in india..where is the update?wait till 10.30 PM IST; wait till 10.30 PM IST
It's September 16th here in india..where is the update?; It's September 16th here in india..where is the update?
iphone 6s 2gb ram brutal
 s6 edge 3gb ram facter processor better camer and looks better and cheaper; iphone 6s 2gb ram brutal; s6 edge 3gb ram facter processor better camer and looks better and cheaper
Anonymous, 06 Sep 2015I know right. Some people just not as advanced enough like us.Get SHARE IT APP By Lenovo from ios App Store & android Play Store. You can share picture & video between ios & android.; Get SHARE IT APP By Lenovo from ios App Store & android Play Store. You can share picture & video between ios & android.
Vicky , 06 Sep 2015When apple launch iphone 7? Any idea!!! 09 Sep 2016; 09 Sep 2016
Anonymous, 14 Sep 2015S6 or iPhone 6 which one to buy can somebody help me out None, just buy Moto x 3rd gen; None, just buy Moto x 3rd gen
Anonymous, 14 Sep 2015S6 or iPhone 6 which one to buy can somebody help me out I phone 6 is discusting .buy galaxy s6 it is supbb; I phone 6 is discusting .buy galaxy s6 it is supbb
Apple was best in the early of smart phone era just becuas of the fact that none was exist to compete them. I don't think Apple is worth buying looking at its huge price and worst service.; Apple was best in the early of smart phone era just becuas of the fact that none was exist to compete them. I don't think Apple is worth buying looking at its huge price and worst service.
Anonymous, 14 Sep 2015S6 or iPhone 6 which one to buy can somebody help me out iphone 6!! It's better quality and has cooler upgrades!; iphone 6!! It's better quality and has cooler upgrades!
Molly, 13 Sep 2015Same here I loved my I phone 5 I wish I got back i have had a dozen problems with this phone a... moreSo this is a problem of the iPhone 6? I just bought it two days ago and man I'm having incredible problems logging in my Apple ID. And one very disappointing thing it freezes already in my two days use! I doesn't have any other app yet but it already lagged! Bullshit! Was just reading some articles online surf some stuff! And the battery is almost dead in three two hours Lte? Tsk tsk; So this is a problem of the iPhone 6? I just bought it two days ago and man I'm having incredible problems logging in my Apple ID. And one very disappointing thing it freezes already in my two days use! I doesn't have any other app yet but it already lagged! Bullshit! Was just reading some articles online surf some stuff! And the battery is almost dead in three two hours Lte? Tsk tsk
chechel, 08 Sep 2015I have the problem like urs. I have 2 choices samsung note edge or iphone 6? Which is which?I prefere samsumg galaxy note edge; I prefere samsumg galaxy note edge
Please buy Iphone 6 or 6s... it's the most advanced technology phone in the world... don't buy galaxy s6 it's worst of money....; Please buy Iphone 6 or 6s... it's the most advanced technology phone in the world... don't buy galaxy s6 it's worst of money....
Anonymous, 14 Sep 2015S6 or iPhone 6 which one to buy can somebody help me out wait for the 6s :); wait for the 6s :)
S6 or iPhone 6 which one to buy can somebody help me out; S6 or iPhone 6 which one to buy can somebody help me out
The best smart phone I've ever used! Nothing could beat the experience and sensation an iPhone gives; The best smart phone I've ever used! Nothing could beat the experience and sensation an iPhone gives
Anonymous, 12 Sep 2015Can't see the point of the iphone 6. The iphone 5, i was much happier with. small and light on... moreSame here I loved my I phone 5 I wish I got back i have had a dozen problems with this phone and the only problem I had with my I phone 5 was carma quality was bad. With my I phone 6 oh my goodness it's awful so 2 this has happend I was outside and I didn't have a case on my phone so I was walking I dropped it and it cracked 2 and with my 5 I drop nothing happend and I didn't just drop my 5 on the sidewalk I have dropped it in the snow in the toilet in the sink and never had to put in rice it was perfectly fine. My I phone 6 I have had such a hard time using my Apple ID it logged me out and this weird message was like Apple ID will not work aiming wrong and with my 5 I had it for like 3 years and I never had that problem I have had my 6 for 10 months and it's the worst. I have had one more problem with this phone one day u woke up and my friends had texted so as any one else would do the would reply back so I went to send hi back and it said I message deactivated so I want to settings and activated it and it didn't activate for like a week. So if u are plannin to get a 6 I absolutely posotutly do absolutely not get it u may have these problems and I just don't think u should have it get an I phone 5 and stick with it for life cuz I miss my 5.; Same here I loved my I phone 5 I wish I got back i have had a dozen problems with this phone and the only problem I had with my I phone 5 was carma quality was bad. With my I phone 6 oh my goodness it's awful so 2 this has happend I was outside and I didn't have a case on my phone so I was walking I dropped it and it cracked 2 and with my 5 I drop nothing happend and I didn't just drop my 5 on the sidewalk I have dropped it in the snow in the toilet in the sink and never had to put in rice it was perfectly fine. My I phone 6 I have had such a hard time using my Apple ID it logged me out and this weird message was like Apple ID will not work aiming wrong and with my 5 I had it for like 3 years and I never had that problem I have had my 6 for 10 months and it's the worst. I have had one more problem with this phone one day u woke up and my friends had texted so as any one else would do the would reply back so I went to send hi back and it said I message deactivated so I want to settings and activated it and it didn't activate for like a week. So if u are plannin to get a 6 I absolutely posotutly do absolutely not get it u may have these problems and I just don't think u should have it get an I phone 5 and stick with it for life cuz I miss my 5.
if u are playing almost half hour, there will be mild heat if thats for light gaming ...or if u do heavy gaming like asphalt, or vain glory then it will heat up faster and so does battery drain...if about web browsing also ok..i also does hour long web browsing but my iphone doesnt heat up...hope that helps; if u are playing almost half hour, there will be mild heat if thats for light gaming ...or if u do heavy gaming like asphalt, or vain glory then it will heat up faster and so does battery drain...if about web browsing also ok..i also does hour long web browsing but my iphone doesnt heat up...hope that helps
tarun, 09 Sep 2015guys plssss someone help me i am begging you pls tell me about the heating of this phone does ... moreY don't you slack at istores; Y don't you slack at istores
Can't see the point of the iphone 6. The iphone 5, i was much happier with. small and light one handed operation. I miss it.; Can't see the point of the iphone 6. The iphone 5, i was much happier with. small and light one handed operation. I miss it.
Anonymous, 08 Sep 2015iPhones since the 3gs have had Bluetooth, so that probably isn't what your friend was asking y... moreI think what he is referring to is that iPhones has no ability to transfer files via bluetooth from over devices like Android devices can.; I think what he is referring to is that iPhones has no ability to transfer files via bluetooth from over devices like Android devices can.
tarun, 09 Sep 2015guys plssss someone help me i am begging you pls tell me about the heating of this phone does ... moreCheck your location services in privacy setting(turn of the ones that are always on) and close unused programs.; Check your location services in privacy setting(turn of the ones that are always on) and close unused programs.
Anonymous, 10 Sep 2015Get it to an Apple Store and they will sort you out.Or.... Enable the new low power battery mode in iOS 9; Or.... Enable the new low power battery mode in iOS 9
Premium phone with HD resolution. In 2015. Yeaaaah!; Premium phone with HD resolution. In 2015. Yeaaaah!
hate this phone so much!!!! after three weeks it started acting up , it overheats pretty easily when only using half hour of 3g..and lastly, it is slow to connect or find my wifi!!!garbage and frekin expensive! not worth it; hate this phone so much!!!! after three weeks it started acting up , it overheats pretty easily when only using half hour of 3g..and lastly, it is slow to connect or find my wifi!!!garbage and frekin expensive! not worth it
143 gm weight on iphone 6s is a height of insanity , i6 is better than 6s 
 I was thinking to upgrade to 6s , but now i will stick to my Galaxy Alpha for another 1 year; 143 gm weight on iphone 6s is a height of insanity , i6 is better than 6s; I was thinking to upgrade to 6s , but now i will stick to my Galaxy Alpha for another 1 year
Anonymous, 09 Sep 2015Does anybody have problem with the battery display? It always die at 11% percent. Why? Is this... moreGet it to an Apple Store and they will sort you out.; Get it to an Apple Store and they will sort you out.
Grandmaster, 22 May 2014Apple has finally succumbed to large screens productions. Hope there will be 5.5 inch version ... moreyour dream has come true.; your dream has come true.
George Innes , 09 Sep 2015I heard there is a feature called a rechargable battery. if you plug it into the wall with th... moreLOL.. He wont ask that again; LOL.. He wont ask that again
Does anybody have problem with the battery display? It always die at 11% percent. Why? Is this a normal mechanism like the overheating mechanism?; Does anybody have problem with the battery display? It always die at 11% percent. Why? Is this a normal mechanism like the overheating mechanism?
Anonymous, 08 Sep 2015great phone would be good if the battery could last a little longerI heard there is a feature called a rechargable battery. if you plug it into the wall with the charger. it kind of helps. sory for4 me englich, me no0 spek omericane.; I heard there is a feature called a rechargable battery. if you plug it into the wall with the charger. it kind of helps. sory for4 me englich, me no0 spek omericane.
guys plssss someone help me i am begging you pls tell me about the heating of this phone does it heat up after 20 minutes of gaming or for 30 minutes of web searching how fast does it heat up plsssssss reply iphone 6 user thanks a lottttt; guys plssss someone help me i am begging you pls tell me about the heating of this phone does it heat up after 20 minutes of gaming or for 30 minutes of web searching how fast does it heat up plsssssss reply iphone 6 user thanks a lottttt
Anonymous, 06 Sep 2015Transfering is secondary.. Nowadays.. Quality apps is more in demand Now got whatsapp, no n... moreOnly if you have signal else what you say is untrue.; Only if you have signal else what you say is untrue.
great phone would be good if the battery could last a little longer; great phone would be good if the battery could last a little longer
Anonymous, 06 Sep 2015I used an iphone before. Iphone 5s to be specific. I bought the gold white one then switch to ... moreiPhones since the 3gs have had Bluetooth, so that probably isn't what your friend was asking you about, because your iPhone definitely has that. Might they have been asking about NFC?; iPhones since the 3gs have had Bluetooth, so that probably isn't what your friend was asking you about, because your iPhone definitely has that. Might they have been asking about NFC?
i thought this is what i needed but after using this phone for barely 1 week, damn it is not worth my money it was "burning" in my hand when I'm only surfing online. tsk ..so i sold it..thank goodness. I'm using edge plus now and yeah all the hype was true-- enough of apple; i thought this is what i needed but after using this phone for barely 1 week, damn it is not worth my money it was "burning" in my hand when I'm only surfing online. tsk ..so i sold it..thank goodness. I'm using edge plus now and yeah all the hype was true-- enough of apple
Duel, 06 Sep 2015"Sometime it is embarassing when my android using friend ask to bluetooth some pictures&q... moreI think 1 has to research before settling on a phone of choice I personally admire iPhone but it has to come second if I really need a smartphone. I am someone who uses a phone all the time and wants it to do most of the things my windows pc does ie flexibility without restrictions and in this case maybe samsung android. I own gs4 and I don't miss my pc when I leave it at home and travel. a few of the numerous stuff it offers me are below:
 1. USB otg/host for doc copy to USB 4 printing(WiFi printing is not an excus)
 2. Bluetooth (can't afford ipad,Mac book etc to share information )
 3. multimedia:screen size manipulation 
 4. pc connection convenience without monopoly as seen in apple products.
 5. multi window function where I can for example watch video and WhatsApp at the same time.; I think 1 has to research before settling on a phone of choice I personally admire iPhone but it has to come second if I really need a smartphone. I am someone who uses a phone all the time and wants it to do most of the things my windows pc does ie flexibility without restrictions and in this case maybe samsung android. I own gs4 and I don't miss my pc when I leave it at home and travel. a few of the numerous stuff it offers me are below:; 1. USB otg/host for doc copy to USB 4 printing(WiFi printing is not an excus); 2. Bluetooth (can't afford ipad,Mac book etc to share information ); 3. multimedia:screen size manipulation; 4. pc connection convenience without monopoly as seen in apple products.; 5. multi window function where I can for example watch video and WhatsApp at the same time.
Anonymous, 07 Sep 2015u can google it how to fix that lollipop problem. but d 100 mb cant fix without using wifi o... moreJust switch off your iPhone.. and switch on. Then you can bypass the 100MB limit.
 
 If I want Lollipop that is not available by the vendor or carrier.. I gonna root!
 
 But i guess you do not have an iPhone.. so you never know and can only GOOGLE to nickpick on iPhones.; Just switch off your iPhone.. and switch on. Then you can bypass the 100MB limit.; If I want Lollipop that is not available by the vendor or carrier.. I gonna root!; But i guess you do not have an iPhone.. so you never know and can only GOOGLE to nickpick on iPhones.
vicky, 03 Sep 2015Hello guys... I would like to buy apple iPhone 6 gold, till now am an android user, but when ... moreI have the problem like urs. I have 2 choices samsung note edge or iphone 6? Which is which?; I have the problem like urs. I have 2 choices samsung note edge or iphone 6? Which is which?
I just got this phone August 25th. My review is I love it. Sure it may not be any really noticible changes but there are.; I just got this phone August 25th. My review is I love it. Sure it may not be any really noticible changes but there are.
Ive Used this for two months from a 5s and i was really wondering( annoyed) how this phone became the number one in most of the reviews i read..it shouldnt be expensive as it only does mediocre output.. There was nothing grand about it.; Ive Used this for two months from a 5s and i was really wondering( annoyed) how this phone became the number one in most of the reviews i read..it shouldnt be expensive as it only does mediocre output.. There was nothing grand about it.
Anonymous, 07 Sep 2015On Android I can't even Update my OS!! WT D HELL? I have 1GB Tablet they say not qualify for L... moreGo talk about your trashy android somewhere else.; Go talk about your trashy android somewhere else.
Anonymous, 07 Sep 2015On Android I can't even Update my OS!! WT D HELL? I have 1GB Tablet they say not qualify for L... moreu can google it how to fix that lollipop problem. but d 100 mb cant fix without using wifi or wifi hotspot ? most people dont have wifi in world.; u can google it how to fix that lollipop problem. but d 100 mb cant fix without using wifi or wifi hotspot ? most people dont have wifi in world.
Anonymous, 06 Sep 2015100mb download limit on app store over cellular data ? WT D HELL? i have unlimited data pac... moreOn Android I can't even Update my OS!! WT D HELL? I have 1GB Tablet they say not qualify for Lollipop! iOS better.; On Android I can't even Update my OS!! WT D HELL? I have 1GB Tablet they say not qualify for Lollipop! iOS better.
When apple launch iphone 7? Any idea!!!; When apple launch iphone 7? Any idea!!!
100mb download limit on app store over cellular data ? WT D HELL? i have unlimited data pack but why? android better; 100mb download limit on app store over cellular data ? WT D HELL? i have unlimited data pack but why? android better
Transfering is secondary.. Nowadays.. Quality apps is more in demand
 
 Now got whatsapp, no need send pictures..
 
 Now got Apple Music, spotify.. Entire world albums at your fingertips, no need to bt share..
 
 Now got video streaming, itunes rentals, no need to share also!
 
 Thats why pick iPhone, no worries of storage or slots cards. Only top quality apps
 
 Sorry for bad english.; Transfering is secondary.. Nowadays.. Quality apps is more in demand; Now got whatsapp, no need send pictures..; Now got Apple Music, spotify.. Entire world albums at your fingertips, no need to bt share..; Now got video streaming, itunes rentals, no need to share also!; Thats why pick iPhone, no worries of storage or slots cards. Only top quality apps; Sorry for bad english.
Duel, 06 Sep 2015"Sometime it is embarassing when my android using friend ask to bluetooth some pictures&q... moreI know right. Some people just not as advanced enough like us.; I know right. Some people just not as advanced enough like us.
Anonymous, 06 Sep 2015I used an iphone before. Iphone 5s to be specific. I bought the gold white one then switch to ... more"Sometime it is embarassing when my android using friend ask to bluetooth some pictures"
 
 Thats really embarassing for sure, who uses bluetooth to send pictures, also who buy smartphone without data? That just doesn't make sense.
 
 Thank god my friends never ask me to send pictures over bluetooth, we are living in 2015 and there's so many better and faster ways to send pictures which well most of us use.
 
 But seriously smartphone without data?; "Sometime it is embarassing when my android using friend ask to bluetooth some pictures"; Thats really embarassing for sure, who uses bluetooth to send pictures, also who buy smartphone without data? That just doesn't make sense.; Thank god my friends never ask me to send pictures over bluetooth, we are living in 2015 and there's so many better and faster ways to send pictures which well most of us use.; But seriously smartphone without data?
Pratik4, 06 Sep 2015Yes bro i know ip6 has very good performnce. But what about battery life, display, multitaskin... more"But the m8 and G3 has something that make them stand out of crowd."
 
 Well atleast M8 has, one of the if not worst smartphone camera in flagship phone in 2014.
 
 You see it's all about overall packet, every part has to work perfectly together. For me the M8 horrible camera alone is very big reason to stay away. The problem with android phones is that you need to combine three android phones together to get something like iPhone.
 
 For me when i buy smartphone it has to have fingerprint scanner, iv been using it for two years and its so great and effortless, so that reason alone drop many android phones out of the picture, but slowly android phones are getting there too.
 
 In my opinion only android phone worth to buy is S6, it has all the right parts, well of course because it's iPhone copy.; "But the m8 and G3 has something that make them stand out of crowd."; Well atleast M8 has, one of the if not worst smartphone camera in flagship phone in 2014.; You see it's all about overall packet, every part has to work perfectly together. For me the M8 horrible camera alone is very big reason to stay away. The problem with android phones is that you need to combine three android phones together to get something like iPhone.; For me when i buy smartphone it has to have fingerprint scanner, iv been using it for two years and its so great and effortless, so that reason alone drop many android phones out of the picture, but slowly android phones are getting there too.; In my opinion only android phone worth to buy is S6, it has all the right parts, well of course because it's iPhone copy.
Anonymous, 06 Sep 2015That is because you never try iPhone before. Just going round and round in android land. IPhon... moreI used an iphone before. Iphone 5s to be specific. I bought the gold white one then switch to iphone 6 plus same color. One word, boring. I felt like i have nothing to do on it. Apps, yes but why would i waste my money to buy games that i know i eventually delete after finding out it is not good or boring. Looking around at my friend using android intrigued me to switch to android again. Sometime it is embarassing when my android using friend ask to bluetooth some pictures but then i said my iphone have no bluetooth and they give me the 'WHAT!' face. I told them to use whatsapp but they have no data. Damnit. iTunes sucks by the way.; I used an iphone before. Iphone 5s to be specific. I bought the gold white one then switch to iphone 6 plus same color. One word, boring. I felt like i have nothing to do on it. Apps, yes but why would i waste my money to buy games that i know i eventually delete after finding out it is not good or boring. Looking around at my friend using android intrigued me to switch to android again. Sometime it is embarassing when my android using friend ask to bluetooth some pictures but then i said my iphone have no bluetooth and they give me the 'WHAT!' face. I told them to use whatsapp but they have no data. Damnit. iTunes sucks by the way.
Duel, 06 Sep 2015"I dont know why people buy iphones at such premium prices. In 2014 when ip6 was released... moreLolipop is as fluid and simple as ios. With much more features and customization to offer.Just use an android phone except samsung because it has touchwiz. Touchwiz will ruin the experience.; Lolipop is as fluid and simple as ios. With much more features and customization to offer.Just use an android phone except samsung because it has touchwiz. Touchwiz will ruin the experience.
Anonymous, 06 Sep 2015That is because you never try iPhone before. Just going round and round in android land. IPhon... moreYes bro i know ip6 has very good performnce. But what about battery life, display, multitasking and speakers(they are not as loud as G3 and not as deep as m8. I agree that cameras are good on iphones. But the m8 and G3 has something that make them stand out of crowd. Like boomsound of m8 with unibody design and compactness of G3 with rear buttons and laser focus. For your kind info i have used ip5. Whats the use of reachability on ip6 plus if we gonna use only half screen. We do most of tasks one handed except gaming. Then why buy 5.5 inch phone if we are using only 3 inch of display.; Yes bro i know ip6 has very good performnce. But what about battery life, display, multitasking and speakers(they are not as loud as G3 and not as deep as m8. I agree that cameras are good on iphones. But the m8 and G3 has something that make them stand out of crowd. Like boomsound of m8 with unibody design and compactness of G3 with rear buttons and laser focus. For your kind info i have used ip5. Whats the use of reachability on ip6 plus if we gonna use only half screen. We do most of tasks one handed except gaming. Then why buy 5.5 inch phone if we are using only 3 inch of display.
Pratik4, 05 Sep 2015I dont know why people buy iphones at such premium prices. In 2014 when ip6 was released the h... more"I dont know why people buy iphones at such premium prices. In 2014 when ip6 was released the htc one m8, lg g3 and the galaxy s5(the 3 biggest competitors) literally triumphed the ip6."
 
 Only ONE of those phones runs iOS, so there's that thing... ;) when people buy iPhone the OS is very big reason. Look the sales of S6, great product if you read on paper, but yet so few people are buying it, clearly the android is the biggest problem there and now with bigger iPhones people just want well iPhone because the overall packet with iPhone is so great.; "I dont know why people buy iphones at such premium prices. In 2014 when ip6 was released the htc one m8, lg g3 and the galaxy s5(the 3 biggest competitors) literally triumphed the ip6."; Only ONE of those phones runs iOS, so there's that thing... ;) when people buy iPhone the OS is very big reason. Look the sales of S6, great product if you read on paper, but yet so few people are buying it, clearly the android is the biggest problem there and now with bigger iPhones people just want well iPhone because the overall packet with iPhone is so great.
Pratik4, 05 Sep 2015I dont know why people buy iphones at such premium prices. In 2014 when ip6 was released the h... moreThat is because you never try iPhone before. Just going round and round in android land. IPhone 6 plus is fully capable for 1 hand usage via reachabilty.
 
 99% of the time we pick up a phone we use apps, and iOS provide the best app experience of them all. So what if you think m8 or s5 "have better specs"? Thats nothing if all it can do is run subpar apps compared to iOS.
 
 P.S. If you really want to know, iPhone is rated higher in terms of camera / cpu / gpu performance then any 2014 era android phones.; That is because you never try iPhone before. Just going round and round in android land. IPhone 6 plus is fully capable for 1 hand usage via reachabilty.; 99% of the time we pick up a phone we use apps, and iOS provide the best app experience of them all. So what if you think m8 or s5 "have better specs"? Thats nothing if all it can do is run subpar apps compared to iOS.; P.S. If you really want to know, iPhone is rated higher in terms of camera / cpu / gpu performance then any 2014 era android phones.
I dont know why people buy iphones at such premium prices. In 2014 when ip6 was released the htc one m8, lg g3 and the galaxy s5(the 3 biggest competitors) literally triumphed the ip6. Lg and htc never hangs except samsung. They all had bigger better screen, better cam resolution, larger batteries, good software with bunch of customization, good but not better performance. Personally i dont like ios.In comparison ip6 plus is better but that too big for one hand usage.; I dont know why people buy iphones at such premium prices. In 2014 when ip6 was released the htc one m8, lg g3 and the galaxy s5(the 3 biggest competitors) literally triumphed the ip6. Lg and htc never hangs except samsung. They all had bigger better screen, better cam resolution, larger batteries, good software with bunch of customization, good but not better performance. Personally i dont like ios.In comparison ip6 plus is better but that too big for one hand usage.
I think Apple is not serving their fans and customers well. How can Apple stagnate hardware perfromance in this era of demanding increasingly powerful software. The phones will lag due to limited hardware performance resources. Toshiba's laptop, Satellite Radius 12, even has 352 ppi, which is greater than iPhone 6 326 ppi. 326 ppi for a flagship smartphone is too low, and besides, the naked eye can sense that 440 ppi is clearer than 323 ppi.; I think Apple is not serving their fans and customers well. How can Apple stagnate hardware perfromance in this era of demanding increasingly powerful software. The phones will lag due to limited hardware performance resources. Toshiba's laptop, Satellite Radius 12, even has 352 ppi, which is greater than iPhone 6 326 ppi. 326 ppi for a flagship smartphone is too low, and besides, the naked eye can sense that 440 ppi is clearer than 323 ppi.
[deleted post]It is so predictable isn't it. Year by year the only improvement is design. Hardware and software is pretty much the same. I feel like it copied android feature too much. I'm afraid that one day our iphone will start to lag and hang.; It is so predictable isn't it. Year by year the only improvement is design. Hardware and software is pretty much the same. I feel like it copied android feature too much. I'm afraid that one day our iphone will start to lag and hang.
[deleted post]They are cheap for a reason. If they match iPhone price, they can NEVER sell. As they are equipped with Android OS, which makes your hardware bragging invalid.. 4GB Ram n 8 cores still lag? Lol
 
 IPhone is priced as such, yet millions buy it! That means its worth more then those phones in terms of quality and performance.; They are cheap for a reason. If they match iPhone price, they can NEVER sell. As they are equipped with Android OS, which makes your hardware bragging invalid.. 4GB Ram n 8 cores still lag? Lol; IPhone is priced as such, yet millions buy it! That means its worth more then those phones in terms of quality and performance.
Anonymous, 04 Sep 2015HI Vicky. The original poster was obviously an apple hater. I personally like the IOS ... moreThank u anonymous for info... And one thing! I hate android devices even if it is high end phones coz of unwanted crappy apps, and main thing is lagging... Applications are not worthy, lagging, upgrade versions poor. Each nd ever android os phone run by their specifications like camera etc's... Each users deserves it. According to that how the apple os is said to be secondary compared to that, U said it was safe secure and best, let it be. I agree.... I got bored of using Android in a short period, ma question is... Is it similar to that kinda device... Is it different from others? Y coz of am spending expensive stuff for that, if I bought that I could not seek any other than apple, Im really keeping me that making sure of picking right mobile.... Help me :); Thank u anonymous for info... And one thing! I hate android devices even if it is high end phones coz of unwanted crappy apps, and main thing is lagging... Applications are not worthy, lagging, upgrade versions poor. Each nd ever android os phone run by their specifications like camera etc's... Each users deserves it. According to that how the apple os is said to be secondary compared to that, U said it was safe secure and best, let it be. I agree.... I got bored of using Android in a short period, ma question is... Is it similar to that kinda device... Is it different from others? Y coz of am spending expensive stuff for that, if I bought that I could not seek any other than apple, Im really keeping me that making sure of picking right mobile.... Help me :)
Riyuk6239, 03 Sep 2015The main reason for iOS being a closed type of OS is to ensure maximum security for it's users... moreDon't want to be slave to I tunes. Use share it then all the things can be shared to iPhone and to other phones; Don't want to be slave to I tunes. Use share it then all the things can be shared to iPhone and to other phones
Rahul Kumar, 03 Sep 2015I have purchased an I phone 6 16 GB Gold on 28th May. I have purchased it from Croma which is ... moreTake a letter from apple stating why it's not a genuine touch id. Then contact croma and ask them to replace your phone with an original one. If they won't do it then go to Consumer Court and file a case.; Take a letter from apple stating why it's not a genuine touch id. Then contact croma and ask them to replace your phone with an original one. If they won't do it then go to Consumer Court and file a case.
Leila, 03 Sep 2015Anyone arguing here about apple or samsung , do you work for either company? If not, why are y... moreWell said but unfortunately will have no effect. These people get their thrills by criticising other phones that in all probability they have never used and so don't know what they are talking about. These are people who can't think for themselves so they repeat what others say and think that this makes them look clever. In actual fact they are just plain stupid. They get hot headed and angry over stupid matters When there are far more important crises to concern about in the world.; Well said but unfortunately will have no effect. These people get their thrills by criticising other phones that in all probability they have never used and so don't know what they are talking about. These are people who can't think for themselves so they repeat what others say and think that this makes them look clever. In actual fact they are just plain stupid. They get hot headed and angry over stupid matters When there are far more important crises to concern about in the world.
vicky, 03 Sep 2015Hello guys... I would like to buy apple iPhone 6 gold, till now am an android user, but when ... moreHI Vicky.
 
 The original poster was obviously an apple hater. 
 
 I personally like the IOS because it's more secure, their is no mal ware, warranty and customer service is a breeze. 
 
 He mentioned you become a "slave" to itunes, I personally don't know what he was talking about, neither does him probably, itunes as you know, is the music downloading apple for IOS, you don't need itunes to upload music to your iphones, no you don't need to rely on Itunes. I h ave a bunch of songs that were originally on my computer and yes, I was able to upload them to itunes, so your not a slave. 
 
 warranty. if you break your headset within one year apple will replace for free, if you buy apple care AND YOU BREAK THE SCREEN, your fault, apple will fix for free.
 
 ios also has image backup, if you for some reason have to reset your phone, everything will be backed up through icloud, and you can bask exactly that.; HI Vicky.; The original poster was obviously an apple hater.; I personally like the IOS because it's more secure, their is no mal ware, warranty and customer service is a breeze.; He mentioned you become a "slave" to itunes, I personally don't know what he was talking about, neither does him probably, itunes as you know, is the music downloading apple for IOS, you don't need itunes to upload music to your iphones, no you don't need to rely on Itunes. I h ave a bunch of songs that were originally on my computer and yes, I was able to upload them to itunes, so your not a slave.; warranty. if you break your headset within one year apple will replace for free, if you buy apple care AND YOU BREAK THE SCREEN, your fault, apple will fix for free.; ios also has image backup, if you for some reason have to reset your phone, everything will be backed up through icloud, and you can bask exactly that.
i like it; i like it
Anonymous, 03 Sep 2015ya but android updates can downgrade, ios dosentAre you sure? Both can upgrade downgrade as you please.
 
 But IMO, both better upgrade to the latest regardless. So developers have the latest API to support you. 
 
 Its people who do not like to upgrade on android that create TONS of headaches for developers.; Are you sure? Both can upgrade downgrade as you please.; But IMO, both better upgrade to the latest regardless. So developers have the latest API to support you.; Its people who do not like to upgrade on android that create TONS of headaches for developers.
Ben, 26 Aug 2015You said //"1. OS X can run Windows 10, parallel or bootcamp. So no impact on OS X users,... moreAre you paid to hate apple so much? Haha; Are you paid to hate apple so much? Haha
mazhar aziz khan, 27 Aug 2015no body has metion a biggest problem in such an expensive gadget have , i have recently bought... moreOr instead of telling Apple you have an error 53 which I believe is because of your service provider, you can try telling Apple about your other issues like the DFU Mode. Or maybe you can ask help from them how to do a restore or a reset on your phone by using itunes. (Just plug your usb chord to your phone and connect it to a computer and just ask them to help you about the instructions. Maybe they can.); Or instead of telling Apple you have an error 53 which I believe is because of your service provider, you can try telling Apple about your other issues like the DFU Mode. Or maybe you can ask help from them how to do a restore or a reset on your phone by using itunes. (Just plug your usb chord to your phone and connect it to a computer and just ask them to help you about the instructions. Maybe they can.)
mazhar aziz khan, 27 Aug 2015no body has metion a biggest problem in such an expensive gadget have , i have recently bought... moreHave you tried contacting your service provider liker Verizon, ATT, Sprint,US Cellular, etc.?
 Maybe the problem is on their end.; Have you tried contacting your service provider liker Verizon, ATT, Sprint,US Cellular, etc.?; Maybe the problem is on their end.
Anonymous, 25 Aug 2015whats the value in android when the phone always craps out after 9 months, and a new phone is ... moreya but android updates can downgrade, ios dosent; ya but android updates can downgrade, ios dosent
Anyone arguing here about apple or samsung , do you work for either company? If not, why are you so sizzling hot about comparing them? You need a phone, you buy a phone. You want a certain phone, you buy that phone. What's the big deal? You get and earn nothing for doing some trash talk about certain phones/companies/ whatever.; Anyone arguing here about apple or samsung , do you work for either company? If not, why are you so sizzling hot about comparing them? You need a phone, you buy a phone. You want a certain phone, you buy that phone. What's the big deal? You get and earn nothing for doing some trash talk about certain phones/companies/ whatever.
I want force touch to act like a real buttoned keypad. When I press like on blackberry key it mimics a press like new Macbook does. I went to store to try force touch and its very well implemented it feels like a button click. I find it annoying tapping on a glass screen but force touch could solve this. As we know if Apple do it it will be done properly.
 
 This next iPhone needs scratch resistant glass ,my iPhone 6 gold screen scratched and sold it at a big loss.; I want force touch to act like a real buttoned keypad. When I press like on blackberry key it mimics a press like new Macbook does. I went to store to try force touch and its very well implemented it feels like a button click. I find it annoying tapping on a glass screen but force touch could solve this. As we know if Apple do it it will be done properly.; This next iPhone needs scratch resistant glass ,my iPhone 6 gold screen scratched and sold it at a big loss.
vicky, 03 Sep 2015Hello guys... I would like to buy apple iPhone 6 gold, till now am an android user, but when ... moreThe main reason for iOS being a closed type of OS is to ensure maximum security for it's users. This makes iOS more harder and difficult to hack. 
 Jailbreaking is a process of removing the restrictions of the iOS to make it more free like Android OS. You'll be able to install 3rd party apps on an iPhone only if you jailbreak the device, otherwise App store is the only way.
 If you buy a iPhone, you'll definitely be a slave to iTunes. If you don't mind being a slave to iTunes, you can choose an iPhone. If you want to keep on modifying your device, I suggest you get a good android device because a jailbroken iPhone will be worst than a sluggish android phone.
 You'll definitely get updates as soon as it's been released by apple if you bought an iPhone. In Android OS, it varies wrt to carrier, location and manufacturer.; The main reason for iOS being a closed type of OS is to ensure maximum security for it's users. This makes iOS more harder and difficult to hack.; Jailbreaking is a process of removing the restrictions of the iOS to make it more free like Android OS. You'll be able to install 3rd party apps on an iPhone only if you jailbreak the device, otherwise App store is the only way.; If you buy a iPhone, you'll definitely be a slave to iTunes. If you don't mind being a slave to iTunes, you can choose an iPhone. If you want to keep on modifying your device, I suggest you get a good android device because a jailbroken iPhone will be worst than a sluggish android phone.; You'll definitely get updates as soon as it's been released by apple if you bought an iPhone. In Android OS, it varies wrt to carrier, location and manufacturer.
Hello guys... I would like to buy apple iPhone 6 gold, till now am an android user, but when I see the apple logo at the back of mobile, my heart started to melt slowly, whatever the specifications it is, let it be... I just wanna know is difference between ios and android os, how effective it is? And why the ios are closed type? What is meant by jail broken? Why apple stepped back compared to android? Mean os! Is apple getting bored after buying 2 months coz of os? Please clarify my doubts and suggest me guys, share your opinions with me, it will be useful for me, tnx :); Hello guys... I would like to buy apple iPhone 6 gold, till now am an android user, but when I see the apple logo at the back of mobile, my heart started to melt slowly, whatever the specifications it is, let it be... I just wanna know is difference between ios and android os, how effective it is? And why the ios are closed type? What is meant by jail broken? Why apple stepped back compared to android? Mean os! Is apple getting bored after buying 2 months coz of os? Please clarify my doubts and suggest me guys, share your opinions with me, it will be useful for me, tnx :)
Rahul Kumar, 03 Sep 2015I have purchased an I phone 6 16 GB Gold on 28th May. I have purchased it from Croma which is ... morefor them its like you bought fake display with touch ID so your phone is out of warranty for any repair ( you need to pay for that )
 
 but first what they said when you showed them proof of purchase ?; for them its like you bought fake display with touch ID so your phone is out of warranty for any repair ( you need to pay for that ); but first what they said when you showed them proof of purchase ?
Anonymous, 03 Sep 2015Yes you can. But is there a practical use of it? There is no stopping third party app makers f... moreFlappy bird still exist? That is old.; Flappy bird still exist? That is old.
I have purchased an I phone 6 16 GB Gold on 28th May. I have purchased it from Croma which is authorized seller of Apple product. I faced a problem with its Ringer Button on 30th May and i Submit the Phone to nearest Service center and now they are saying that the Touch ID is not genuine. 
 
 Please suggest what should I do in this case?; I have purchased an I phone 6 16 GB Gold on 28th May. I have purchased it from Croma which is authorized seller of Apple product. I faced a problem with its Ringer Button on 30th May and i Submit the Phone to nearest Service center and now they are saying that the Touch ID is not genuine.; Please suggest what should I do in this case?
Anonymous, 03 Sep 2015The new Force Touch can be used as a mini weighing scale, if only someone make an app for that... moreYes you can. But is there a practical use of it? There is no stopping third party app makers from calibrating and making it, IF its practical and worth the time.
 
 Compare to like say a social game, thereby people are told to press hard on some spots and soft on others.. and post who can press the most accurate and fastest win. I think would attract more attention. (Such as flappy bird.. easy and simple); Yes you can. But is there a practical use of it? There is no stopping third party app makers from calibrating and making it, IF its practical and worth the time.; Compare to like say a social game, thereby people are told to press hard on some spots and soft on others.. and post who can press the most accurate and fastest win. I think would attract more attention. (Such as flappy bird.. easy and simple)
The new Force Touch can be used as a mini weighing scale, if only someone make an app for that. Don't you guys think it is cool. Never realize the new tech have many function other than drawing or gaming.; The new Force Touch can be used as a mini weighing scale, if only someone make an app for that. Don't you guys think it is cool. Never realize the new tech have many function other than drawing or gaming.
if you are into iphones colin go for it have iphone6 up from iphone4 previous; if you are into iphones colin go for it have iphone6 up from iphone4 previous
Bino, 03 Sep 2015Well if you dont mind comparing it to flagship Android phones it's almost terrible. Most 2015 ... morewell lets not go off topic right? he owns an iphone6, and he's just wondering what are the handle times.
 
 buddy if you want longer lasting phone, suggest you turn off blue tooth turn off lte, and try to use wifi, and turn off location services, that will save your battery life big time.; well lets not go off topic right? he owns an iphone6, and he's just wondering what are the handle times.; buddy if you want longer lasting phone, suggest you turn off blue tooth turn off lte, and try to use wifi, and turn off location services, that will save your battery life big time.
Pratik4, 02 Sep 2015I get about 3 to 3.30 hrs of screen on time on ip6 with moderate usage. How much do you guys g... moreWell if you dont mind comparing it to flagship Android phones it's almost terrible. Most 2015 flagship phones can average 4-5 SOT with HEAVY usage. Iphones are still commendable for having excellent standby time but that's all there is to it.; Well if you dont mind comparing it to flagship Android phones it's almost terrible. Most 2015 flagship phones can average 4-5 SOT with HEAVY usage. Iphones are still commendable for having excellent standby time but that's all there is to it.
Colin, 03 Sep 2015I have the iPhone 5c. That's a pretty damn decent phone. But looking to upgrade to the 6. What... moreWait for New iPhones. Its announcing soon. So long as phone not break, not recommend to buy.; Wait for New iPhones. Its announcing soon. So long as phone not break, not recommend to buy.
I have the iPhone 5c. That's a pretty damn decent phone. But looking to upgrade to the 6. What are your thoughts; I have the iPhone 5c. That's a pretty damn decent phone. But looking to upgrade to the 6. What are your thoughts
Pratik4, 02 Sep 2015I get about 3 to 3.30 hrs of screen on time on ip6 with moderate usage. How much do you guys g... moreI get 5.5 hours - 6 hours easily! Most of the time LTE will be on! Rest other times WiFi will be on! I use Low Power mode (Running iOS 9 beta which is the cause of my HUGE BATTERY IMPROVEMENT FROM iOS 8.4) from 50%! I play Infinity Blade, GTA SA, Sniper 3D,Badland,, Limbo, The Room Two, Riptide GP2, Asphalt 8, Crossy Road & QuizUp on my iPhone 6 (64 Gig)! But iPhone will be on Airplane mode for 5-6 hours during my college time so that saves a lot of battery! I use YouTube for 90-100 mins before sleeping. I dont browse the web on my phone as I use my Mac for that! So that's my battery usage.... I also play Music for about an hour everyday (I use Apple Music streaming services)..... So , I'm very happy with my battery AFTER RUNNING iOS 9 !; I get 5.5 hours - 6 hours easily! Most of the time LTE will be on! Rest other times WiFi will be on! I use Low Power mode (Running iOS 9 beta which is the cause of my HUGE BATTERY IMPROVEMENT FROM iOS 8.4) from 50%! I play Infinity Blade, GTA SA, Sniper 3D,Badland,, Limbo, The Room Two, Riptide GP2, Asphalt 8, Crossy Road & QuizUp on my iPhone 6 (64 Gig)! But iPhone will be on Airplane mode for 5-6 hours during my college time so that saves a lot of battery! I use YouTube for 90-100 mins before sleeping. I dont browse the web on my phone as I use my Mac for that! So that's my battery usage.... I also play Music for about an hour everyday (I use Apple Music streaming services)..... So , I'm very happy with my battery AFTER RUNNING iOS 9 !
I get about 3 to 3.30 hrs of screen on time on ip6 with moderate usage. How much do you guys get. Is this screen on time good or bad.; I get about 3 to 3.30 hrs of screen on time on ip6 with moderate usage. How much do you guys get. Is this screen on time good or bad.
Anonymous, 02 Sep 2015Where is the Force Touch that you Apple fanboy so proud of now, huh? Huawei MateS is already i... moreIf you don't like apple why the hell are you here?; If you don't like apple why the hell are you here?
Anonymous, 02 Sep 2015Where is the Force Touch that you Apple fanboy so proud of now, huh? Huawei MateS is already i... moreHahaha. Let them. Give them a few days head start. They properly was looking at iPhone rumors / Macbook release, then they say: "Quick do it in our smartphones! Release it before iPhone and get some sales!!"
 
 Release first. We do not care. When Moto Atrix first release, did you see iOS users suddenly banging for a touchID? Nope. 
 
 What is important here is, Apple's implementation will surely trash Huawei's. Why you may ask?.. Because Huawei is using Android.. you may get LAG Force Touch Hahahaa.; Hahaha. Let them. Give them a few days head start. They properly was looking at iPhone rumors / Macbook release, then they say: "Quick do it in our smartphones! Release it before iPhone and get some sales!!"; Release first. We do not care. When Moto Atrix first release, did you see iOS users suddenly banging for a touchID? Nope.; What is important here is, Apple's implementation will surely trash Huawei's. Why you may ask?.. Because Huawei is using Android.. you may get LAG Force Touch Hahahaa.
Where is the Force Touch that you Apple fanboy so proud of now, huh? Huawei MateS is already implementing Force Touch and will become the first to have it in the world. Apple always become second for everything. Second behind Samsung. Now second behind Huawei. Not to mention among the last to venture into phablet and smartwatch market. They are too busy patenting everything but never make anything. Look at Xiaomi, they already start making Notebook computer from a mere smartphone company. Apple is going nowhere at all. Sapphire Glass? Huawei did that with Huawei Ascend P7 Sapphire Edition and all Vertu smartphone use sapphire glass. Even Oppo RC1 and Nokia 8800 had used sapphire glass. Apple patent is all ridiculous.; Where is the Force Touch that you Apple fanboy so proud of now, huh? Huawei MateS is already implementing Force Touch and will become the first to have it in the world. Apple always become second for everything. Second behind Samsung. Now second behind Huawei. Not to mention among the last to venture into phablet and smartwatch market. They are too busy patenting everything but never make anything. Look at Xiaomi, they already start making Notebook computer from a mere smartphone company. Apple is going nowhere at all. Sapphire Glass? Huawei did that with Huawei Ascend P7 Sapphire Edition and all Vertu smartphone use sapphire glass. Even Oppo RC1 and Nokia 8800 had used sapphire glass. Apple patent is all ridiculous.
jmmy, 01 Sep 2015btw..which android phone do u have..?? Lenovo A5000; Lenovo A5000
DarkCoder, 31 Aug 2015Strange !!! i bought 100$ Android Smartphone , Performing Much Better and Faster Than my Frien... morebtw..which android phone do u have..??; btw..which android phone do u have..??
swirly, 31 Aug 2015The amount of flame-bait comments here is stunning.you mean comments from fictional iphone users and fake stories like the clown below me? 
 
 endless. It's laugable, I can tell the difference between an real and fake iphone user. so obvious.; you mean comments from fictional iphone users and fake stories like the clown below me?; endless. It's laugable, I can tell the difference between an real and fake iphone user. so obvious.
Strange !!! i bought 100$ Android Smartphone , Performing Much Better and Faster Than my Friend iPhone Device , even he Like That 100$ Phone , He Got Amazed when i Tell him The Specs (You People can Guess .... ) .... I Think iPhone is Really OverPriced.... And Also You have to Care of it alot (Like a Baby) .. :p You Don't Believe me But Believe me , a Couple of days ago i Got Angry and Through my That 100$ Phone , Phone Hit Straight in The Solid Wall , You don't Believe me But Phone Survived , Not a Scratch on it (Just the Back Film Cover and OTG cable Connector Got Broken) Working Awesome and i Still Using it (Phone is Just 2,3 Months Old ), i 'm Sure if i did That same with an iPhone then the Output would be Different and also Maybe i Got an HeartAttack (and End-Up in a Crappy Hospital , That's What usually happens... :D :p ))) ....... So i Still think Why iPhone is still So Much Popular , Well Because Maybe people have A lot of Money ........................ or Maybe They are Stupid .... But anyway For me Apple is Just an Fruit , That's All... And Truly , i really want To Share my Story with all of you People.... :) Enjoy "APPLE" and i Mean it.... (y) :D; Strange !!! i bought 100$ Android Smartphone , Performing Much Better and Faster Than my Friend iPhone Device , even he Like That 100$ Phone , He Got Amazed when i Tell him The Specs (You People can Guess .... ) .... I Think iPhone is Really OverPriced.... And Also You have to Care of it alot (Like a Baby) .. :p You Don't Believe me But Believe me , a Couple of days ago i Got Angry and Through my That 100$ Phone , Phone Hit Straight in The Solid Wall , You don't Believe me But Phone Survived , Not a Scratch on it (Just the Back Film Cover and OTG cable Connector Got Broken) Working Awesome and i Still Using it (Phone is Just 2,3 Months Old ), i 'm Sure if i did That same with an iPhone then the Output would be Different and also Maybe i Got an HeartAttack (and End-Up in a Crappy Hospital , That's What usually happens... :D :p ))) ....... So i Still think Why iPhone is still So Much Popular , Well Because Maybe people have A lot of Money ........................ or Maybe They are Stupid .... But anyway For me Apple is Just an Fruit , That's All... And Truly , i really want To Share my Story with all of you People.... :) Enjoy "APPLE" and i Mean it.... (y) :D
the iphone is just the best and the most powerful phone in the world right now and its proven x10; the iphone is just the best and the most powerful phone in the world right now and its proven x10
Android phone sooo strong on paper. But so weak in real life.
 Windows phone is soo fast in real life. But so weak on Apps.
 
 So people believe they pay good money for good specs, but the results did not justify the value.
 
 Thats why:
 1. Android / WP is cheaper then iPhone.. because they can not compare in terms of performance nor apps quality.
 2. iPhone is priced for its real life results, you pay for the results and services. 
 
 I therefore say Android and WP is MORE expensive then iPhone. Because the money you put in does not justify the cost. 
 
 And you have those that buy S6 / Note5 which is priced same as iPhone... rofl..; Android phone sooo strong on paper. But so weak in real life.; Windows phone is soo fast in real life. But so weak on Apps.; So people believe they pay good money for good specs, but the results did not justify the value.; Thats why:; 1. Android / WP is cheaper then iPhone.. because they can not compare in terms of performance nor apps quality.; 2. iPhone is priced for its real life results, you pay for the results and services.; I therefore say Android and WP is MORE expensive then iPhone. Because the money you put in does not justify the cost.; And you have those that buy S6 / Note5 which is priced same as iPhone... rofl..
Duel, 30 Aug 2015Like what? http://youtu.be/gHi8-scxJ54 real life tests doesn't lieObvious Apple fanboy pick the best video of iphone to defend your beloved iphone, of course. I said many. That doesn't prove anything with just that. You can pick all the slowest phone out there but you can't deny there are really many better and faster phone than iphone not to mentioned cheaper with same specs.; Obvious Apple fanboy pick the best video of iphone to defend your beloved iphone, of course. I said many. That doesn't prove anything with just that. You can pick all the slowest phone out there but you can't deny there are really many better and faster phone than iphone not to mentioned cheaper with same specs.
Duel, 30 Aug 2015Like what? http://youtu.be/gHi8-scxJ54 real life tests doesn't lieiPhone is speedest smartphone. Z3+ hahahahahaha :D; iPhone is speedest smartphone. Z3+ hahahahahaha :D
Anonymous, 30 Aug 2015There are many faster phone than iphone 6. Reviewers are paid to put in good words for Apple. Like what?
 
 http://youtu.be/gHi8-scxJ54 real life tests doesn't lie; Like what?; real life tests doesn't lie
Very good I want it but no in Iran, plz sell apple store in iran; Very good I want it but no in Iran, plz sell apple store in iran
What about battery life? How long it is in heavy usage?; What about battery life? How long it is in heavy usage?
And there are a lot of phones that are more durable, faster and stronger than Iphone. C'mon guys. Like people, no phone is perfect. They will always have flaws and imperfections. You just have to know what your wants and needs are on a phone. So that you'll be comfortable in using it.; And there are a lot of phones that are more durable, faster and stronger than Iphone. C'mon guys. Like people, no phone is perfect. They will always have flaws and imperfections. You just have to know what your wants and needs are on a phone. So that you'll be comfortable in using it.
Dr.H, 30 Aug 2015:D you are funny but the i phone is a real nothing for high price still talking about perfor... moreThere are many faster phone than iphone 6. Reviewers are paid to put in good words for Apple.; There are many faster phone than iphone 6. Reviewers are paid to put in good words for Apple.
Anonymous, 26 Aug 2015Haha Ben. 1. OS X can run Windows 10, parallel or bootcamp. So no impact on OS X users, they... more:D you are funny
 but the i phone is a real nothing for high price
 still talking about performance and i think the websites checking for performance is paid to say the result
 lol
 nokia lumia 520 is faster than iphone 4s " i have both "
 and i've sold the " slow overpriced" iphone 6 after i found that my lumia 930 is super fast
 
 by the way i just got the iphone for fun hhhhhhhhhhhh 
 so u r so funny ios user; :D you are funny; but the i phone is a real nothing for high price; still talking about performance and i think the websites checking for performance is paid to say the result; lol; nokia lumia 520 is faster than iphone 4s " i have both "; and i've sold the " slow overpriced" iphone 6 after i found that my lumia 930 is super fast; by the way i just got the iphone for fun hhhhhhhhhhhh; so u r so funny ios user
Android Guru, 29 Aug 2015I'm no fan of Apple iPhone, but the truth is just opposite what you stated above, moreover Sam... moreExactly. Apple improved and made phones better.; Exactly. Apple improved and made phones better.
Result matters, 29 Aug 2015Results are all that matters. If you want to know who made what and in turn made into what.. t... moreNobody to be exact. I'm just stating my opinion, the information that I know. That Iphone's original/first memory chip was made by samsung. Therefore I conclude that they'd make a good team.; Nobody to be exact. I'm just stating my opinion, the information that I know. That Iphone's original/first memory chip was made by samsung. Therefore I conclude that they'd make a good team.
Alright alright alright! No hate alright? So chill you guys. I both love iphone and android phones.; Alright alright alright! No hate alright? So chill you guys. I both love iphone and android phones.
Riyuk6239, 29 Aug 2015The processor was designed and developed by apple. It's manufacturing was outsourced to Samsung.Love hate between Apple and Samsung. They are like cat and dog with one owner. Two different thing living under the same house.; Love hate between Apple and Samsung. They are like cat and dog with one owner. Two different thing living under the same house.
lelz, 29 Aug 2015It's funny how netizens fight about this android phones vs iphone. Did you know that Iphone's ... moreThe processor was designed and developed by apple. It's manufacturing was outsourced to Samsung.; The processor was designed and developed by apple. It's manufacturing was outsourced to Samsung.
lelz, 29 Aug 2015It's funny how netizens fight about this android phones vs iphone. Did you know that Iphone's ... moreResults are all that matters. If you want to know who made what and in turn made into what.. the cycle never ends.
 
 For example: Samsung made the chip, which company give materials to Samsung to make the chip? Which company design those components? Which miner mined the specific ore? Who mix them? ... So who are you going to give the credit to?; Results are all that matters. If you want to know who made what and in turn made into what.. the cycle never ends.; For example: Samsung made the chip, which company give materials to Samsung to make the chip? Which company design those components? Which miner mined the specific ore? Who mix them? ... So who are you going to give the credit to?
lelz, 29 Aug 2015It's funny how netizens fight about this android phones vs iphone. Did you know that Iphone's ... moreI'm no fan of Apple iPhone, but the truth is just opposite what you stated above, moreover Samsung still manufactures the CPU for Apple 
 Refresh ur Memory as iphone was launches in jan 2007 the then samsung was plastic numpad phones only .; I'm no fan of Apple iPhone, but the truth is just opposite what you stated above, moreover Samsung still manufactures the CPU for Apple; Refresh ur Memory as iphone was launches in jan 2007 the then samsung was plastic numpad phones only .
It's funny how netizens fight about this android phones vs iphone. Did you know that Iphone's 1st chip was made by samsung? Iphone basically just copied what the other phone has. They just made it look better so they can call it their own original idea. Lelz. No hate though.; It's funny how netizens fight about this android phones vs iphone. Did you know that Iphone's 1st chip was made by samsung? Iphone basically just copied what the other phone has. They just made it look better so they can call it their own original idea. Lelz. No hate though.
Camera
 Apple < Samsung; Camera; Apple < Samsung
MichelMy, 29 Aug 2015Bad start on my first day using i6 !! 1) Not meant for lefties .....: When holding with my le... moreHow do you hold phones! Lol... If iphones give you so much trouble... How much so is other brands...; How do you hold phones! Lol... If iphones give you so much trouble... How much so is other brands...
Bad start on my first day using i6 !!
 1) Not meant for lefties .....: When holding with my left hand I invariably press the volume buttons when pressing the sleep/wake button with my index ... Very annoying !
 2) Very iffy touch ID sensor .... after 2-3 attempts I end up the old way = password ....; Bad start on my first day using i6 !!; 1) Not meant for lefties .....: When holding with my left hand I invariably press the volume buttons when pressing the sleep/wake button with my index ... Very annoying !; 2) Very iffy touch ID sensor .... after 2-3 attempts I end up the old way = password ....
Ryan, 27 Aug 2015so that it would be clear, Iphone 6 and s6 isnt a par when it comes in all out performance, du... morei gave note 5 after my stylus sensor broke. And my kids now playing in park with note, whic btw look like china phone. S6 is really bad phone and iphone 6 blow away all shamesungs; i gave note 5 after my stylus sensor broke. And my kids now playing in park with note, whic btw look like china phone. S6 is really bad phone and iphone 6 blow away all shamesungs
Anonymous, 27 Aug 2015The worst service provider. Better don't go for Apple productsthey have the best customer service out of all the electronic companies on the planet, what are you even talking about?; they have the best customer service out of all the electronic companies on the planet, what are you even talking about?
The worst service provider. Better don't go for Apple products; The worst service provider. Better don't go for Apple products
Anonymous, 27 Aug 2015IOS users cannot interact with android users and wp users. Most apps is limited to Apple store... more"Why even bother using iMessage?"
 
 The real question is why wouldn't you use iMessage, you don't need to be online in any particular app or open any app, it works from same place than your SMS. If your phone is out of net connection it will still just send SMS so your message would be deliver no matter what.
 
 Also what this one guy already said, you can use it between your iPhone/iPad/Mac without any effort or opening different apps.
 
 iMessage is definately Apple killer app.; "Why even bother using iMessage?"; The real question is why wouldn't you use iMessage, you don't need to be online in any particular app or open any app, it works from same place than your SMS. If your phone is out of net connection it will still just send SMS so your message would be deliver no matter what.; Also what this one guy already said, you can use it between your iPhone/iPad/Mac without any effort or opening different apps.; iMessage is definately Apple killer app.
Anonymous, 27 Aug 2015IOS users cannot interact with android users and wp users. Most apps is limited to Apple store... morePoor ,you proved that you never touched any iOS device ,that is sure.we can use all social media apps available on lagdriod and also we can use our iOS only apps .so app availability and social media interaction is best in iOS and your lagdriod is nothing in front iOS .you enjoy your Linux based Java garbage (android).; Poor ,you proved that you never touched any iOS device ,that is sure.we can use all social media apps available on lagdriod and also we can use our iOS only apps .so app availability and social media interaction is best in iOS and your lagdriod is nothing in front iOS .you enjoy your Linux based Java garbage (android).
Anonymous, 27 Aug 2015IOS users cannot interact with android users and wp users. Most apps is limited to Apple store... morehuh? iMessage is globally accepted.. for those without iPhone, simply send as SMS.
 
 On your iPad.. and Mac? No problem it will route thru your iPhone (whereva it is) and relay as SMS to your non iPhone friends.
 
 GSM call / facetime? Just check your contacts, route as GSM call to your non iPhone friends.
 
 It transparent to you thats why its good. The rest is mostly more limited: You need to install the app and get an account to work.
 
 Do not like? Fine, you still have the rest of the apps that all your non iPhone friends can have.; huh? iMessage is globally accepted.. for those without iPhone, simply send as SMS.; On your iPad.. and Mac? No problem it will route thru your iPhone (whereva it is) and relay as SMS to your non iPhone friends.; GSM call / facetime? Just check your contacts, route as GSM call to your non iPhone friends.; It transparent to you thats why its good. The rest is mostly more limited: You need to install the app and get an account to work.; Do not like? Fine, you still have the rest of the apps that all your non iPhone friends can have.
Anonymous, 26 Aug 2015Skype.. Whatsapp.. Facetime.. iMessage.. Messager.. Line.. Google Hangout.. BB messager and th... moreIOS users cannot interact with android users and wp users. Most apps is limited to Apple store only. Isn't socializing is all about interacting with others. Why even bother using iMessage? Not all your friends use iphones. Android, WP, BB and others platform combined is a larger social circle compare to Apple proprietary apps only for IOS. You have to admit it, like it or not you need to download popular social apps based on what android users can use to be able to socialize with the entire world or else you will be socializung only with your iphone-using friends.; IOS users cannot interact with android users and wp users. Most apps is limited to Apple store only. Isn't socializing is all about interacting with others. Why even bother using iMessage? Not all your friends use iphones. Android, WP, BB and others platform combined is a larger social circle compare to Apple proprietary apps only for IOS. You have to admit it, like it or not you need to download popular social apps based on what android users can use to be able to socialize with the entire world or else you will be socializung only with your iphone-using friends.
so that it would be clear, Iphone 6 and s6 isnt a par when it comes in all out performance, durability and battery life. s6 is far better, believe me I was a Apple gadget user for a decade now with mac , ipad and iphone. When I bought s5 my expectation was not that high and then I stopped using iphone 6 and then s6 just came out so soon and no sign of iphone 7 yet. it would be s6 between iphone 7, not iphone 6. iphone 6 specs is a trash for me and I gave it to my daughter.; so that it would be clear, Iphone 6 and s6 isnt a par when it comes in all out performance, durability and battery life. s6 is far better, believe me I was a Apple gadget user for a decade now with mac , ipad and iphone. When I bought s5 my expectation was not that high and then I stopped using iphone 6 and then s6 just came out so soon and no sign of iphone 7 yet. it would be s6 between iphone 7, not iphone 6. iphone 6 specs is a trash for me and I gave it to my daughter.
Ben, 26 Aug 2015//"Stick with Apple, Best performance, best App quality! Save the rest of your customisat... morePrice is no longer an argument factor for iOS. Android also have high price phones, that does not perform as well. iPad Air 2 trashes Tab s2. S6/Note6 get defeated by iP6 performance.
 Time is money. Android make you lose time.. either meaningless customisation, lag, or bugs. Use iPhone and save up on time. Or you can simply go for a cheap sub 100$ android, it does the same thing.. but however that saved cost can hardly mean anything productive for your family or your life.
 99% you pick up your phone is to use apps. iOS's customisation is in the apps you download. All the rest is simply a waste of good time.; Price is no longer an argument factor for iOS. Android also have high price phones, that does not perform as well. iPad Air 2 trashes Tab s2. S6/Note6 get defeated by iP6 performance.; Time is money. Android make you lose time.. either meaningless customisation, lag, or bugs. Use iPhone and save up on time. Or you can simply go for a cheap sub 100$ android, it does the same thing.. but however that saved cost can hardly mean anything productive for your family or your life.; 99% you pick up your phone is to use apps. iOS's customisation is in the apps you download. All the rest is simply a waste of good time.
Anonymous, 26 Aug 2015We all r using cell phones since long using IPhone 5s for the last 2 yrs no problems in those ... moreit is worst fone till i m using ifone6 no speed of net sme time it hang too it is my adivse to those who want to hav this only will waist their money and time too; it is worst fone till i m using ifone6 no speed of net sme time it hang too it is my adivse to those who want to hav this only will waist their money and time too
Ben, 26 Aug 2015//"Stick with Apple, Best performance, best App quality! Save the rest of your customisat... moreOh lagdriod fanboy moaning about paper specs and shortcuts (customisation)
 Your lagdriod is sleeping with Linux ,when Apple introduced AppStore for iPhone.
 iOS has a good copy paste interface for years ,now your lagdriod following same thing with lollipop . AppStore has good quality apps and most of the good games firstly arrives in AppStore .Metal ' is the another advantage of the iPhone gaming . Your all android needs at least 2gb ram and quad core processor for running smoothly (still it has lag ,ram issues ,slowness )why?; Oh lagdriod fanboy moaning about paper specs and shortcuts (customisation); Your lagdriod is sleeping with Linux ,when Apple introduced AppStore for iPhone.; iOS has a good copy paste interface for years ,now your lagdriod following same thing with lollipop . AppStore has good quality apps and most of the good games firstly arrives in AppStore .Metal ' is the another advantage of the iPhone gaming . Your all android needs at least 2gb ram and quad core processor for running smoothly (still it has lag ,ram issues ,slowness )why?
sk Shrestha , 26 Aug 2015I6 or s6 which will be better to buy. ....Wait for 6s; Wait for 6s
Anonymous, 26 Aug 2015Haha Ben. 1. OS X can run Windows 10, parallel or bootcamp. So no impact on OS X users, they... more//"Stick with Apple, Best performance, best App quality! Save the rest of your customisation headaches and spend more time with your own family and real life!//"
 
 Stick with Android or Windows. best prices, more apps AND good performance. Customizations are totally optional and spend more money(which you would otherwise spend on overpriced apple crap) on your family and for things you need.
 
 Hell, even after being so overpriced and extorting money from users, apple has evaded over a billion dollars in tax. Lack of ethics, blind and rabid fanbase to defend them and an utter disregard for the law. Enough said!; //"Stick with Apple, Best performance, best App quality! Save the rest of your customisation headaches and spend more time with your own family and real life!//"; Stick with Android or Windows. best prices, more apps AND good performance. Customizations are totally optional and spend more money(which you would otherwise spend on overpriced apple crap) on your family and for things you need.; Hell, even after being so overpriced and extorting money from users, apple has evaded over a billion dollars in tax. Lack of ethics, blind and rabid fanbase to defend them and an utter disregard for the law. Enough said!
Duel, 25 Aug 2015But you didn't explain why the iPhone 6 is very bad phone?We all r using cell phones since long using IPhone 5s for the last 2 yrs no problems in those sets. Especially in 1phone6 the problem noticed its can not hold sweat drops of ur hands while talking if the swear enter from anywhere it's spoiled. Or otherwise what Apple service centre say Liquid. Myself being a non technical man service centre in Delhi recently showing litmus papers ( technical terms) gone red. And saying warranty stand cancelled,for the reasons to get the paid services one has to give Apple services provider INR 24k otherwise it's useless,as it stop working. Useless handsets all the functions dead. seen 5 complaints of these litmus paper gone red at service centre in 2 hrs of my waiting of my turns to talk to service providers.
 The final experience of mine says during rainy seasons & in humid conditions one should not use iPhone 6, as it's not a liquid proof phone. As told & advised by senior service executive of the company we should go thru the web site of companies to know how to use iPhone 6. LOL NOW I WILL SAY REALLY IF U WANT TO WASTE UR MONEY ON CELL PHONES THEN BUY IT. By my experience one of the worst IPhone 6 bad experience.
 If u have any solution to my iPhone 6 let me know.; We all r using cell phones since long using IPhone 5s for the last 2 yrs no problems in those sets. Especially in 1phone6 the problem noticed its can not hold sweat drops of ur hands while talking if the swear enter from anywhere it's spoiled. Or otherwise what Apple service centre say Liquid. Myself being a non technical man service centre in Delhi recently showing litmus papers ( technical terms) gone red. And saying warranty stand cancelled,for the reasons to get the paid services one has to give Apple services provider INR 24k otherwise it's useless,as it stop working. Useless handsets all the functions dead. seen 5 complaints of these litmus paper gone red at service centre in 2 hrs of my waiting of my turns to talk to service providers.; The final experience of mine says during rainy seasons & in humid conditions one should not use iPhone 6, as it's not a liquid proof phone. As told & advised by senior service executive of the company we should go thru the web site of companies to know how to use iPhone 6. LOL NOW I WILL SAY REALLY IF U WANT TO WASTE UR MONEY ON CELL PHONES THEN BUY IT. By my experience one of the worst IPhone 6 bad experience.; If u have any solution to my iPhone 6 let me know.
Anonymous, 26 Aug 2015Haha Ben. 1. OS X can run Windows 10, parallel or bootcamp. So no impact on OS X users, they... moreYou said //"1. OS X can run Windows 10, parallel or bootcamp. So no impact on OS X users, they still have everything.//"
 
 Google Niresh's OS X. OS X can also be run on PCs, but you see, noone actually WANT OS X. Your argument is lame, as usual.
 
 //"Not all exe can run, unless you build it universally across. Given nowadays developers mainly go for iOS and Android. Windows can only leverage on Project Astoria as a slave to Android to stay afloat. And BTW have you seen Project Astoria? How much effort you need to put in??"//
 
 You see, it CAN be made to run across all platforms, which apple cannot do. You want to talk about "nowadays"? There was a time when Android was exactly where Windows is today, when Symbian ruled the market. Now, Symbian is nowhere to be seen, the same way iOS is going to be nowhere. Only short sighted people would use "nowadays" when talking about the ever changing world of technology. 
 
 Project Astoria? I see that you have been googling extensively to come up with an argument. So, what? iOS cannot run android projects now, can it? Cross platform and changes are a good thing. But for rabid apple fanboys, it's hard to grasp this fact. Being stuck is what you like, I see
 
 //"3. Yeah Android have no lack of lame apps! Pay $$ for wallpaper? LOL.. all those junk apps.. you even have an APP to mimic iOS?? For wat? do not like your own phone?//"
 
 LOL! Android has all the essential apps ALONG with a few junk apps. It's easy to avoid the junk apps if you use your brain from time to time. Someone who can't think properly might pay money to get a wallpaper. Is that what scares you? That you might have to buy wallpaper and stupid apps if you came across them? That you can't tell which is which? Is that why you are a die hard apple fanboy?; You said //"1. OS X can run Windows 10, parallel or bootcamp. So no impact on OS X users, they still have everything.//"; Google Niresh's OS X. OS X can also be run on PCs, but you see, noone actually WANT OS X. Your argument is lame, as usual.; //"Not all exe can run, unless you build it universally across. Given nowadays developers mainly go for iOS and Android. Windows can only leverage on Project Astoria as a slave to Android to stay afloat. And BTW have you seen Project Astoria? How much effort you need to put in??"//; You see, it CAN be made to run across all platforms, which apple cannot do. You want to talk about "nowadays"? There was a time when Android was exactly where Windows is today, when Symbian ruled the market. Now, Symbian is nowhere to be seen, the same way iOS is going to be nowhere. Only short sighted people would use "nowadays" when talking about the ever changing world of technology.; Project Astoria? I see that you have been googling extensively to come up with an argument. So, what? iOS cannot run android projects now, can it? Cross platform and changes are a good thing. But for rabid apple fanboys, it's hard to grasp this fact. Being stuck is what you like, I see; //"3. Yeah Android have no lack of lame apps! Pay $$ for wallpaper? LOL.. all those junk apps.. you even have an APP to mimic iOS?? For wat? do not like your own phone?//"; LOL! Android has all the essential apps ALONG with a few junk apps. It's easy to avoid the junk apps if you use your brain from time to time. Someone who can't think properly might pay money to get a wallpaper. Is that what scares you? That you might have to buy wallpaper and stupid apps if you came across them? That you can't tell which is which? Is that why you are a die hard apple fanboy?
Ben, 26 Aug 2015You said "Its because its integrated VERY WELL into the OS, and backed up by OSX (Mac) de... moreHaha Ben. 
 1. OS X can run Windows 10, parallel or bootcamp. So no impact on OS X users, they still have everything.
 2. Not all exe can run, unless you build it universally across. Given nowadays developers mainly go for iOS and Android. Windows can only leverage on Project Astoria as a slave to Android to stay afloat. And BTW have you seen Project Astoria? How much effort you need to put in??
 3. Yeah Android have no lack of lame apps! Pay $$ for wallpaper? LOL.. all those junk apps.. you even have an APP to mimic iOS?? For wat? do not like your own phone?
 
 Stick with Apple, Best performance, best App quality! Save the rest of your customisation headaches and spend more time with your own family and real life!; Haha Ben.; 1. OS X can run Windows 10, parallel or bootcamp. So no impact on OS X users, they still have everything.; 2. Not all exe can run, unless you build it universally across. Given nowadays developers mainly go for iOS and Android. Windows can only leverage on Project Astoria as a slave to Android to stay afloat. And BTW have you seen Project Astoria? How much effort you need to put in??; 3. Yeah Android have no lack of lame apps! Pay $$ for wallpaper? LOL.. all those junk apps.. you even have an APP to mimic iOS?? For wat? do not like your own phone?; Stick with Apple, Best performance, best App quality! Save the rest of your customisation headaches and spend more time with your own family and real life!
Anonymous, 26 Aug 2015Skype.. Whatsapp.. Facetime.. iMessage.. Messager.. Line.. Google Hangout.. BB messager and th... moreYou said "Its because its integrated VERY WELL into the OS, and backed up by OSX (Mac) desktop OS"
 
 LOL! Windows 10 can run ALL apps across phone, tablets and PCs. And living under a rock, you might not know this, but Windows has more users than Apple's OS X. 
 
 You also said "Its users get to enjoy every chat, latest games, social, apps out there! Android is missing out. WP is missing out."
 
 LOLOL!!!! You seriously think Andoid is missing out on apps?! Which planet are you living on? Android has more apps than iOS ever will. And let's not forget, Android OVERTOOK iOS's marketshare.
 
 YOu also said "Ironically, Android fanboys can only tweak their homescreen, WP fanboys cry for new apps,while iOS users can tweak their WHOLE social / gaming / apps needs!"
 
 That's the stupidest thing I have heard in a long time. Again, Windows can run .exe files across mobile, tablets and PCs while iOS users can run only iPhone apps on iPhone and Mac OS apps on Mac OS. Your ignorance is astonishing. But by all means, go back to being a rabid apple fanboy. 
 
 Customisation and cross platform are things for people who have the aptitude to customize and do things across devices. It might be too challenging for close minded people with a narrow mind. Stick to your apple devices. We don't want you to break a sweat trying to figure out new things.; You said "Its because its integrated VERY WELL into the OS, and backed up by OSX (Mac) desktop OS"; LOL! Windows 10 can run ALL apps across phone, tablets and PCs. And living under a rock, you might not know this, but Windows has more users than Apple's OS X.; You also said "Its users get to enjoy every chat, latest games, social, apps out there! Android is missing out. WP is missing out."; LOLOL!!!! You seriously think Andoid is missing out on apps?! Which planet are you living on? Android has more apps than iOS ever will. And let's not forget, Android OVERTOOK iOS's marketshare.; YOu also said "Ironically, Android fanboys can only tweak their homescreen, WP fanboys cry for new apps,while iOS users can tweak their WHOLE social / gaming / apps needs!"; That's the stupidest thing I have heard in a long time. Again, Windows can run .exe files across mobile, tablets and PCs while iOS users can run only iPhone apps on iPhone and Mac OS apps on Mac OS. Your ignorance is astonishing. But by all means, go back to being a rabid apple fanboy.; Customisation and cross platform are things for people who have the aptitude to customize and do things across devices. It might be too challenging for close minded people with a narrow mind. Stick to your apple devices. We don't want you to break a sweat trying to figure out new things.
Windows phone is the most secure OS ever similar to Linux in desktop. But the problem is that developers find it difficult to develop code for apps whereas Android and IOS code is simpler. Mobiles are just popular because of apps but coming to camera, Lumia performs excellent photos in daylight... iPhone camera is also better but one less start compared to Lumia; Windows phone is the most secure OS ever similar to Linux in desktop. But the problem is that developers find it difficult to develop code for apps whereas Android and IOS code is simpler. Mobiles are just popular because of apps but coming to camera, Lumia performs excellent photos in daylight... iPhone camera is also better but one less start compared to Lumia
I6 or s6 which will be better to buy. ....; I6 or s6 which will be better to buy. ....
Duel, 25 Aug 2015http://bgr.com/2015/08/25/galaxy-note-5-vs-iphone-6-speed-test/ With dual core and 1gb ram ... morehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?t=113&v=ymDVr1­gMEIQ 
 
 LOL beast my arse. not a beast, but a wannabe of the iphone6, since samsung has got rid of their removable battery sd card, made a paying service after their brand, and putting the head phone jacks at the bottom of their phone.; LOL beast my arse. not a beast, but a wannabe of the iphone6, since samsung has got rid of their removable battery sd card, made a paying service after their brand, and putting the head phone jacks at the bottom of their phone.
Anonymous, 25 Aug 2015Bragging rights from Apple fan. You make me laugh. iMessage? Facetime? Ever heard of Whatsapp ... moreSkype.. Whatsapp.. Facetime.. iMessage.. Messager.. Line.. Google Hangout.. BB messager and the list goes on. iOS have them all. Why do you think Apple users go back using facetime / iMessage? Its because its integrated VERY WELL into the OS, and backed up by OSX (Mac) desktop OS.. but Android / WP .. what can you fallback on? Windoze? Chrome OS? ROFL.
 
 Its users get to enjoy every chat, latest games, social, apps out there! Android is missing out. WP is missing out. 
 
 Ironically, Android fanboys can only tweak their homescreen, WP fanboys cry for new apps,while iOS users can tweak their WHOLE social / gaming / apps needs!; Skype.. Whatsapp.. Facetime.. iMessage.. Messager.. Line.. Google Hangout.. BB messager and the list goes on. iOS have them all. Why do you think Apple users go back using facetime / iMessage? Its because its integrated VERY WELL into the OS, and backed up by OSX (Mac) desktop OS.. but Android / WP .. what can you fallback on? Windoze? Chrome OS? ROFL.; Its users get to enjoy every chat, latest games, social, apps out there! Android is missing out. WP is missing out.; Ironically, Android fanboys can only tweak their homescreen, WP fanboys cry for new apps,while iOS users can tweak their WHOLE social / gaming / apps needs!
http://bgr.com/2015/08/25/galaxy-note-5-vs-iphon­e-6-speed-test/ 
 
 With dual core and 1gb ram iPhone 6 beats newest note 5 android beast in speed test, how pathetic is that :D; With dual core and 1gb ram iPhone 6 beats newest note 5 android beast in speed test, how pathetic is that :D
It's nonsense to argue with someone who never used other platforms except IOS. So smile and let them play with their garbage. Lol; It's nonsense to argue with someone who never used other platforms except IOS. So smile and let them play with their garbage. Lol
Kunjumon, 25 Aug 2015Are you comparing windows phone os with iOS?windows phone is nothing in front of iOS . iOS h... moreBragging rights from Apple fan. You make me laugh. iMessage? Facetime? Ever heard of Whatsapp and Skype? There is no differences. Who even use iMessage? Free? It use Wifi or data. Facetime? Lets face it, most people use Skpe. Thats iphone apps is restricted to Apple only. Your apps is not universal and versatile. China the largest android smartphone market. You can't use iphone to imessage or facetime clients to do business with android users. You are stuck in Apple circle.; Bragging rights from Apple fan. You make me laugh. iMessage? Facetime? Ever heard of Whatsapp and Skype? There is no differences. Who even use iMessage? Free? It use Wifi or data. Facetime? Lets face it, most people use Skpe. Thats iphone apps is restricted to Apple only. Your apps is not universal and versatile. China the largest android smartphone market. You can't use iphone to imessage or facetime clients to do business with android users. You are stuck in Apple circle.
Ben, 25 Aug 2015Android might not be able to beat iOS, but Windows phone can deliver performace just as well. ... moreAre you comparing windows phone os with iOS?windows phone is nothing in front of iOS .
 iOS has a great copy paste user interface for years now android lollipop following that.
 Just look at app availability ,we (iOS users)can use most of the Google and Microsoft apps like Microsoft office ,Google map ,gmail etc .You can only dream about iMessage or,FaceTime like apple apps.; Are you comparing windows phone os with iOS?windows phone is nothing in front of iOS .; iOS has a great copy paste user interface for years now android lollipop following that.; Just look at app availability ,we (iOS users)can use most of the Google and Microsoft apps like Microsoft office ,Google map ,gmail etc .You can only dream about iMessage or,FaceTime like apple apps.
Chops, 25 Aug 2015iPhone 6 : very bad phone , feel cheated after using it for 6 months. THe problem started on s... moreBut you didn't explain why the iPhone 6 is very bad phone?; But you didn't explain why the iPhone 6 is very bad phone?
Anonymous, 25 Aug 2015Low specs... Can your android phone beat its performance? if not whats the point for specs? RO... moreAndroid might not be able to beat iOS, but Windows phone can deliver performace just as well. So, iOS is nothing special
 
 You ask if anyone care about closed platforms? Actually, people who care about migrating data and apps care. Maybe tech naive people like you may not know it. But that doesn't change the fact that people care. Look up market share when it comes to smart phones.
 
 iPhone's Security, eh? Tell that Jennifer Lawrence or the other celebrities who had their iCloud accounts hacked. You might do well to read news once in a while.
 
 If a fixed UI is all it takes to empower you and if you can't deal with customisation options of Windows Phone or Android, I feel sorry for you.; Android might not be able to beat iOS, but Windows phone can deliver performace just as well. So, iOS is nothing special; You ask if anyone care about closed platforms? Actually, people who care about migrating data and apps care. Maybe tech naive people like you may not know it. But that doesn't change the fact that people care. Look up market share when it comes to smart phones.; iPhone's Security, eh? Tell that Jennifer Lawrence or the other celebrities who had their iCloud accounts hacked. You might do well to read news once in a while.; If a fixed UI is all it takes to empower you and if you can't deal with customisation options of Windows Phone or Android, I feel sorry for you.
iPhone 6 : very bad phone , feel cheated after using it for 6 months. THe problem started on screen when shown to the Service centre they said its drenched in liquid I.e water maybe due to sweat in our hands or sweat from our pocket entered inside & D litmus papers inside has gone red. To get the replacement we should pay another INR 24k to get the replacements.
 Surprised most expensive phone with after sales service centres demanding for 45% of the phone costs to get replacement of handset.; iPhone 6 : very bad phone , feel cheated after using it for 6 months. THe problem started on screen when shown to the Service centre they said its drenched in liquid I.e water maybe due to sweat in our hands or sweat from our pocket entered inside & D litmus papers inside has gone red. To get the replacement we should pay another INR 24k to get the replacements.; Surprised most expensive phone with after sales service centres demanding for 45% of the phone costs to get replacement of handset.
Bendgate is such an overblown issue, barely any users has been affected.; Bendgate is such an overblown issue, barely any users has been affected.
Anonymous, 25 Aug 2015The only thing iphone have is security, closed platform and low specs. No lag and no hang but ... moreLow specs... Can your android phone beat its performance? if not whats the point for specs? ROFL.
 
 Closed platform.. Close? Do you care? Who care? App developers care? Superman care? NO ONE CARES.. It has top of the line Apps and Games! So long as developers make great apps, who cares about a close open platform??
 
 Security not important??? You like everyone to see your id? You like terminators from the future to track you down easier? iOS is top when it comes to protect your info.. and iOS9 makes it even better.
 
 Smartphone. OF course iPhone is a smartphone! It simple interface EMPOWERS you. It is not like android.. a robot that does not KNOW anything.. keep asking and asking and customising and customising to no end.. yeah .. with Android it makes you FEEL smarter.. because Android OS is dumb, compared to iOS.; Low specs... Can your android phone beat its performance? if not whats the point for specs? ROFL.; Closed platform.. Close? Do you care? Who care? App developers care? Superman care? NO ONE CARES.. It has top of the line Apps and Games! So long as developers make great apps, who cares about a close open platform??; Security not important??? You like everyone to see your id? You like terminators from the future to track you down easier? iOS is top when it comes to protect your info.. and iOS9 makes it even better.; Smartphone. OF course iPhone is a smartphone! It simple interface EMPOWERS you. It is not like android.. a robot that does not KNOW anything.. keep asking and asking and customising and customising to no end.. yeah .. with Android it makes you FEEL smarter.. because Android OS is dumb, compared to iOS.
Anonymous, 25 Aug 2015whats the value in android when the phone always craps out after 9 months, and a new phone is ... moreThe only thing iphone have is security, closed platform and low specs. No lag and no hang but as useless as a basic feature phone. You call that smartphone. Don't even have bluetooth technology. Claiming it for security? Iphone trying to be the police now. Not worth buying basic phone for $700.; The only thing iphone have is security, closed platform and low specs. No lag and no hang but as useless as a basic feature phone. You call that smartphone. Don't even have bluetooth technology. Claiming it for security? Iphone trying to be the police now. Not worth buying basic phone for $700.
Daniella, 24 Aug 2015I've been using only Android phones all these time and never thought about moving to iPhone. ... morethat's a funny story. 
 
 a smart person will try the phone 1st before putting so much money onto the phone.
 
 No one feels sorry for you. If anything, go get the oneplus2 for all we care.; that's a funny story.; a smart person will try the phone 1st before putting so much money onto the phone.; No one feels sorry for you. If anything, go get the oneplus2 for all we care.
Prince, 24 Aug 2015I smile harder seeing rich kid with telescope and iphone like as if it is everything. I have e... morewhats the value in android when the phone always craps out after 9 months, and a new phone is upgrade is needed after a year? that's no value at all, and the expierence is bad for the customer to have to swtich phones so quickly. Google will come out with updates for specific phone models, but what good is it, when most of these updates don't help, when the updates makes the phone worst, makes it lag more, and on top of that, a fix will not be rolled out, to fix that problem. 
 
 value my arse. The only thing android really has ios, is that the home screen customizable, and a little bit more variety (since everyone can make an android phone); whats the value in android when the phone always craps out after 9 months, and a new phone is upgrade is needed after a year? that's no value at all, and the expierence is bad for the customer to have to swtich phones so quickly. Google will come out with updates for specific phone models, but what good is it, when most of these updates don't help, when the updates makes the phone worst, makes it lag more, and on top of that, a fix will not be rolled out, to fix that problem.; value my arse. The only thing android really has ios, is that the home screen customizable, and a little bit more variety (since everyone can make an android phone)
suraj, 24 Aug 2015from past 2 days. my safari browser redirecting some sites to "ad-type.google.com" ... moreThat is google's ads redirects. It sucks, Apple iAds never allow unauthorised redirects, only Google does. Unfortunately, ads makers find Google a better place to post their ads, so more web and apps developer make use of Google's api instead of Apple's.
 
 Current solution is to use a ad blocker webbrowser such as iCab. Or manually block the IP.
 
 Or you can simply wait for iOS9 "content blocker feature", where there will be new Apps that will handle this on a higher level, however iOS will not allow these content blockers to receive any data you searched. Win win for us!; That is google's ads redirects. It sucks, Apple iAds never allow unauthorised redirects, only Google does. Unfortunately, ads makers find Google a better place to post their ads, so more web and apps developer make use of Google's api instead of Apple's.; Current solution is to use a ad blocker webbrowser such as iCab. Or manually block the IP.; Or you can simply wait for iOS9 "content blocker feature", where there will be new Apps that will handle this on a higher level, however iOS will not allow these content blockers to receive any data you searched. Win win for us!
Daniella, 24 Aug 2015I've been using only Android phones all these time and never thought about moving to iPhone. ... morefunny how you become a great pretender.. hahaha; funny how you become a great pretender.. hahaha
You should wait for 6s and thank me later .); You should wait for 6s and thank me later .)
Anon, 24 Aug 2015Should i buy iphone 6 or just wait for 6s?You have waited for so long, waiting a little more will not hurt you. iPhone 6s and you forget about BendGate; You have waited for so long, waiting a little more will not hurt you. iPhone 6s and you forget about BendGate
Can somebody tell me about Iphone 6; is it workable for CDMA as well?; Can somebody tell me about Iphone 6; is it workable for CDMA as well?
Daniella, 24 Aug 2015I've been using only Android phones all these time and never thought about moving to iPhone. ... more"and especially outstanding specs. Damn, damn so funny"
 
 You are trying too hard, if you really own iPhone 6 you wouldn't say things like that
 
 So i call FAKE; "and especially outstanding specs. Damn, damn so funny"; You are trying too hard, if you really own iPhone 6 you wouldn't say things like that; So i call FAKE
Daniella, 24 Aug 2015I've been using only Android phones all these time and never thought about moving to iPhone. ... moreA lot of celebs wannabe. Walking around with iphone in their hand. And don't even look as good as android. The Force Touch feature is so gimmicky. The Meizu Force Touch seem better.; A lot of celebs wannabe. Walking around with iphone in their hand. And don't even look as good as android. The Force Touch feature is so gimmicky. The Meizu Force Touch seem better.
from past 2 days. my safari browser redirecting some sites to "ad-type.google.com" which ever i search thru google and click the result sites. whts then problem? i even resetted my phone but still same problem. plz help; from past 2 days. my safari browser redirecting some sites to "ad-type.google.com" which ever i search thru google and click the result sites. whts then problem? i even resetted my phone but still same problem. plz help
Should i buy iphone 6 or just wait for 6s?; Should i buy iphone 6 or just wait for 6s?
M.R.V, 23 Aug 2015it shows that you've never used iphone before! battery?!!! iphone doesn't need battery! it's n... moreGood joke,because this makes my day.what u says that iPhone having the good battery life performance than the android.But I want to tell you that I have Xperia Z2 which last update to two days and also my friend having a small cheapest toy named iPhone 5s which didn't have the battery capabilities to survive for two days; Good joke,because this makes my day.what u says that iPhone having the good battery life performance than the android.But I want to tell you that I have Xperia Z2 which last update to two days and also my friend having a small cheapest toy named iPhone 5s which didn't have the battery capabilities to survive for two days
I've been using only Android phones all these time and never thought about moving to iPhone. After seeing all those iPhone users pretending like celeb stars with their apples I decided to buy iPhone 6. After using it couple of months I felt like vomiting on it. I'm just wondering how people are paying so much bucks for it. Other phones like meizu or lenovo has better built quality, design and especially outstanding specs. Damn, damn so funny; I've been using only Android phones all these time and never thought about moving to iPhone. After seeing all those iPhone users pretending like celeb stars with their apples I decided to buy iPhone 6. After using it couple of months I felt like vomiting on it. I'm just wondering how people are paying so much bucks for it. Other phones like meizu or lenovo has better built quality, design and especially outstanding specs. Damn, damn so funny
Snowboy, 22 Aug 2015When any Android or Samsung lover (or Marketing executive) comments that iPhone's config is to... moreI smile harder seeing rich kid with telescope and iphone like as if it is everything. I have everything. Probably more than you. Iphone is great but when valued to its usability it is pretty low. That why most would valued android higher. There is this charm that android phone have that apple don't. I spend so much money to learn that not all cheap things is bad. Don't get your rich ego get to you too much kiddo.; I smile harder seeing rich kid with telescope and iphone like as if it is everything. I have everything. Probably more than you. Iphone is great but when valued to its usability it is pretty low. That why most would valued android higher. There is this charm that android phone have that apple don't. I spend so much money to learn that not all cheap things is bad. Don't get your rich ego get to you too much kiddo.
[deleted post]100% of all companies is about making money, smartass... lol!!! hahahahah; 100% of all companies is about making money, smartass... lol!!! hahahahah
Still the best performing phone in 2015.
 
 No one can defeat it yet. And yet, the next King is arriving soon.
 
 Android users believe that best specs give the best performance. Its so wrong. S6 / Note 5 have the best specs, and its because of the specs it LOSE to iPhone. If they reduce the resolution (Whats the point of increasing resolution when your eyes cannot see the difference anymore?), they can defeat iPhone. But they didn't.. so their phone lags in performance behind iPhone.; Still the best performing phone in 2015.; No one can defeat it yet. And yet, the next King is arriving soon.; Android users believe that best specs give the best performance. Its so wrong. S6 / Note 5 have the best specs, and its because of the specs it LOSE to iPhone. If they reduce the resolution (Whats the point of increasing resolution when your eyes cannot see the difference anymore?), they can defeat iPhone. But they didn't.. so their phone lags in performance behind iPhone.
[deleted post]"Typical for them, at least finally iships will get camera and ram a little bit closer to the other brands wich are giving for less money."
 
 only competitive phones in the market are S6/S6 edge/+/note 5. None of those phones aren't cheaper than iPhone 6.; "Typical for them, at least finally iships will get camera and ram a little bit closer to the other brands wich are giving for less money."; only competitive phones in the market are S6/S6 edge/+/note 5. None of those phones aren't cheaper than iPhone 6.
better to w8 iphon6s; better to w8 iphon6s
yesh, 21 Aug 2015stupid battery it shows that you've never used iphone before! battery?!!! iphone doesn't need battery! it's not an android phone with 4gb ram! it's iphone. just use it and you'll see battery lasts more than any android devices.; it shows that you've never used iphone before! battery?!!! iphone doesn't need battery! it's not an android phone with 4gb ram! it's iphone. just use it and you'll see battery lasts more than any android devices.
sabas, 22 Aug 2015Which phone should i buy iphone 6 or samsung galxay s6 can you help me??The new Nexus coming soon. Lol.; The new Nexus coming soon. Lol.
sabas, 22 Aug 2015Which phone should i buy iphone 6 or samsung galxay s6 can you help me??Better wait iPhone 6s, coming next month, don't see point buying iPhone 6; Better wait iPhone 6s, coming next month, don't see point buying iPhone 6
Iphone 6,htc m9 are best phones till to date(in many aspects,specially design gorgeos).music in m9 is fabules.; Iphone 6,htc m9 are best phones till to date(in many aspects,specially design gorgeos).music in m9 is fabules.
When any Android or Samsung lover (or Marketing executive) comments that iPhone's config is too low and Samsung or other Android Phone's config is too high. I just smile at myself, not at others.
 
 Actually, in last 14 years I used so many phones from so many makers (thanks dad for his money). But the specs written on a paper or on a screen aren't all. You have to buy it and use it. Then you can feel the real taste of a product.
 
 For example, You can buy a low config beginners telescope from Celestron for star gazing (no need to buy high end Takahashi telescopes for test purpose). And you can buy a ridiculously high config Chinese telescope. Go to your yard with them in a clear night and look at the Moon. I think you will never compare them in your life time.
 
 Ya, I know in config, iPhone is far behind most of the android phones. But I can assure that in performance, iPhone is almost 100 times better than Samsung and even Sony (the best Android phone).
 
 I think employees of Samsung are really outstanding, talented, innovative, smart and the best in class. But all these words are only for their marketing team, not for their manufacturing team.
 
 Again, I Would like to see people using Samsung and me using iPhone. Then I can just smile.; When any Android or Samsung lover (or Marketing executive) comments that iPhone's config is too low and Samsung or other Android Phone's config is too high. I just smile at myself, not at others.; Actually, in last 14 years I used so many phones from so many makers (thanks dad for his money). But the specs written on a paper or on a screen aren't all. You have to buy it and use it. Then you can feel the real taste of a product.; For example, You can buy a low config beginners telescope from Celestron for star gazing (no need to buy high end Takahashi telescopes for test purpose). And you can buy a ridiculously high config Chinese telescope. Go to your yard with them in a clear night and look at the Moon. I think you will never compare them in your life time.; Ya, I know in config, iPhone is far behind most of the android phones. But I can assure that in performance, iPhone is almost 100 times better than Samsung and even Sony (the best Android phone).; I think employees of Samsung are really outstanding, talented, innovative, smart and the best in class. But all these words are only for their marketing team, not for their manufacturing team.; Again, I Would like to see people using Samsung and me using iPhone. Then I can just smile.
Anonymous, 20 Aug 2015iPhone 6 contain a quad core gpu. S6 contain a quad core gpu. E9+ contain a quad core gpu. G... moreWhich phone should i buy iphone 6 or samsung galxay s6 can you help me??; Which phone should i buy iphone 6 or samsung galxay s6 can you help me??
gaurav bigg, 22 Aug 2015A device which shows you how much can be done with how little of it.The product is sublime.The... more"Which never giving the monster processor"
 
 Except Apple is giving monster processor every year, it just doesnt look like that on paper, but real life performance shows it clearly. And with upcoming iPhone 6s the processor is going to be true beast according to leaks.; "Which never giving the monster processor"; Except Apple is giving monster processor every year, it just doesnt look like that on paper, but real life performance shows it clearly. And with upcoming iPhone 6s the processor is going to be true beast according to leaks.
need it now; need it now
the best phone i have ever seen in my life; the best phone i have ever seen in my life
stupid battery; stupid battery
Anonymous, 19 Aug 2015I am confused between Htc E9+ iphone6 and Samsung S6 could you guys plz rank them up on the ba... moreIphon 6 then e9+ &amp; then s6; Iphon 6
then e9+
&amp; then s6
My i6 wobble when I place the SCREEN FACE DOWN. It shouldn't be wobble as the screen should be completely flat. I tried a few different surface and it came the same result. The top right corner wobble when pressing on it. :( 
 
 I not sure why it is not flat, maybe caused of bend or what. But it seems perfectly flat with naked eyes. 
 
 Other than that it is quite a good phone. But of course with an over-price tag.; My i6 wobble when I place the SCREEN FACE DOWN. It shouldn't be wobble as the screen should be completely flat. I tried a few different surface and it came the same result. The top right corner wobble when pressing on it. :(; I not sure why it is not flat, maybe caused of bend or what. But it seems perfectly flat with naked eyes.; Other than that it is quite a good phone. But of course with an over-price tag.
Anonymous, 19 Aug 2015I am confused between Htc E9+ iphone6 and Samsung S6 could you guys plz rank them up on the ba... moreiPhone 6 contain a quad core gpu.
 S6 contain a quad core gpu.
 E9+ contain a quad core gpu. G6200 - MediaTek's achievement SoC.
 Unfortunately. E9+'s GPU is no match even for the sd801's A330 GPU. So basically it cannot even beat a 2014 era S5.
 So basically is S6's Mali-T760 vs iP6 's gx6650
 
 In all and fair comparison. Performance of S6's Mali-T760 is extremely good, its benchmark trashes iP6's gx6650, and of course the HTC's GS6200.
 
 However.. Samsung like to brag about resolution also. So S6 come with a 2560x1440 resolution screen, compared to iPhone 6's 1334 x 750 resolution.
 
 And because of that, S6's overall gpu performance / benchmarks suffers due to the resolution it has to drive. So games run at better frame rates on iPhone 6 compared to S6.
 
 And the final straw thrown in.. iOS come with Metal API. Games optimised via this API will have even higher performance compared to their Android counterparts.; iPhone 6 contain a quad core gpu.; S6 contain a quad core gpu.; E9+ contain a quad core gpu. G6200 - MediaTek's achievement SoC.; Unfortunately. E9+'s GPU is no match even for the sd801's A330 GPU. So basically it cannot even beat a 2014 era S5.; So basically is S6's Mali-T760 vs iP6 's gx6650; In all and fair comparison. Performance of S6's Mali-T760 is extremely good, its benchmark trashes iP6's gx6650, and of course the HTC's GS6200.; However.. Samsung like to brag about resolution also. So S6 come with a 2560x1440 resolution screen, compared to iPhone 6's 1334 x 750 resolution.; And because of that, S6's overall gpu performance / benchmarks suffers due to the resolution it has to drive. So games run at better frame rates on iPhone 6 compared to S6.; And the final straw thrown in.. iOS come with Metal API. Games optimised via this API will have even higher performance compared to their Android counterparts.
Samsung galaxy s6 
 Iphone 6 
 Htc onem9+; Samsung galaxy s6; Iphone 6; Htc onem9+
Duel, 18 Aug 2015"1.4 ghz dual core... 1 gb of ram what the hell? Is this a flashback to the past!?" ... moreIphone 6's processor is as powerfull as the one in the previous ipad,so i bet that the new iphone 6s will have a processor as powerfull as the one in the ipad air 2.; Iphone 6's processor is as powerfull as the one in the previous ipad,so i bet that the new iphone 6s will have a processor as powerfull as the one in the ipad air 2.
I am confused between Htc E9+ iphone6 and Samsung S6 could you guys plz rank them up on the basis of camera GPU and browsing abilities; I am confused between Htc E9+ iphone6 and Samsung S6 could you guys plz rank them up on the basis of camera GPU and browsing abilities
Rj india, 18 Aug 2015Hello everyone is it wise to expect drop in I phone 6 prices after introduction of the new iPh... moreOnce the next iphone, which I am assuming is the iPhone 6s or 7, the model before, which would be the 6 and 6+, would probably not have a dramatic price drop, however, Phone companies might have certain deals for them. And since most companies such as Verizon and T-Mobile no longer have the 2 year contract, the "edge plan" for verizon and the "Jump-to-go" plan for t-mobile might have lower rates for them. I'm sure the bloggers will update their stories on that once the rumors about the new iphones surface.; Once the next iphone, which I am assuming is the iPhone 6s or 7, the model before, which would be the 6 and 6+, would probably not have a dramatic price drop, however, Phone companies might have certain deals for them. And since most companies such as Verizon and T-Mobile no longer have the 2 year contract, the "edge plan" for verizon and the "Jump-to-go" plan for t-mobile might have lower rates for them. I'm sure the bloggers will update their stories on that once the rumors about the new iphones surface.
Gruff, 18 Aug 2015Why do you want an sd card, just buy the one with more built in memory 64gb of sd storage is ~$30, much less than $100. Math is SOOOO hard; 64gb of sd storage is ~$30, much less than $100. Math is SOOOO hard
Hello everyone is it wise to expect drop in I phone 6 prices after introduction of the new iPhone? Can we predict an estimate fall in prices?; Hello everyone is it wise to expect drop in I phone 6 prices after introduction of the new iPhone? Can we predict an estimate fall in prices?
Amethyst, 18 Aug 20151.4 ghz dual core... 1 gb of ram what the hell? Is this a flashback to the past!? That is low ... more"1.4 ghz dual core... 1 gb of ram what the hell? Is this a flashback to the past!?"
 
 It's not it's just different approach, Apple doesn't want to add more cores they pay attention for single core speed, and for now iPhone 6 has fastest single core speed on mobile device. Android devices share that same speed for many cores and most times what Apple does gives better results in speed and performance. IPhone 6 hardware is very powerful.
 
 And upcoming iPhone 6s single core speed in geekbench going to be over 2000 points, for comparison S6 get's something around 1500 points.; "1.4 ghz dual core... 1 gb of ram what the hell? Is this a flashback to the past!?"; It's not it's just different approach, Apple doesn't want to add more cores they pay attention for single core speed, and for now iPhone 6 has fastest single core speed on mobile device. Android devices share that same speed for many cores and most times what Apple does gives better results in speed and performance. IPhone 6 hardware is very powerful.; And upcoming iPhone 6s single core speed in geekbench going to be over 2000 points, for comparison S6 get's something around 1500 points.
Nelis Esterhuizen, 17 Aug 2015The i phone 6 doesnt even take an sd card Why do you want an sd card, just buy the one with more built in memory; Why do you want an sd card, just buy the one with more built in memory
chan, 17 Aug 2015looks good to me, after using Symbian, Windows and android.. thinking of trying IOS... I am us... moreWait for new iPhone models.
 
 Coming very soon.; Wait for new iPhone models.; Coming very soon.
1.4 ghz dual core... 1 gb of ram what the hell? Is this a flashback to the past!? That is low specs as high as low specs can get!! Weak phone as well as its bendability hahaha; 1.4 ghz dual core... 1 gb of ram what the hell? Is this a flashback to the past!? That is low specs as high as low specs can get!! Weak phone as well as its bendability hahaha
looks good to me, after using Symbian, Windows and android.. thinking of trying IOS... I am using Samsung Note 3, it hangs even after having 3GB of RAM.; looks good to me, after using Symbian, Windows and android.. thinking of trying IOS... I am using Samsung Note 3, it hangs even after having 3GB of RAM.
Jimmy , 17 Aug 2015I have the iPhone 6 for 3 months now. Never been happier with a phone. It's extremely fast and... more3.5 hours? I'm getting atleast 7-8 hours of battery life on my s6 even while playing games like rr3 or modern combat 5. I use my phone as a GPS too. While using "here" maps the phone's battery discharges with 1% every 3-4 minutes wich is great. Compared to my i6(the touch id failed pretty much every 2 weeks) the galaxy is a beast. Far better phone.; 3.5 hours? I'm getting atleast 7-8 hours of battery life on my s6 even while playing games like rr3 or modern combat 5. I use my phone as a GPS too. While using "here" maps the phone's battery discharges with 1% every 3-4 minutes wich is great. Compared to my i6(the touch id failed pretty much every 2 weeks) the galaxy is a beast. Far better phone.
Frds I need to buy I phone 6 plus how is it gudoor bad wat about camera clarity; Frds I need to buy I phone 6 plus how is it gudoor bad wat about camera clarity
Iphone 6 works great without laggy on some heavy games (>500MB) . And battery life is quite good also you can use it for playing games , browsing , chatting etc for 5 hours and the battery still on 45% .; Iphone 6 works great without laggy on some heavy games (>500MB) . And battery life is quite good also you can use it for playing games , browsing , chatting etc for 5 hours and the battery still on 45% .
Anonymous, 14 Aug 2015Which one should i get? Note edge,iphone 6 or LG G4?note 5 is better; note 5 is better
128?? funny...they already steal you enough on the 16 version..; 128?? funny...they already steal you enough on the 16 version..
I have the iPhone 6 for 3 months now. Never been happier with a phone. It's extremely fast and reliable. The OS is stable, professional looking, and logical. The camera always makes sharp pictures with fast focus. I don't know what I've done with the settings, but I get around 7 to 8 hours of screen time which is fantastic! Much better than the 3 to 3.5 hours my friend gets with his Galaxy S6. With standby my phone only 0.5 percent goes off per hour. With Wi-Fi always on. I've had Android flagship models in the past, and also played a lot with friends/colleagues LG G4, S6 and Note 4. But the speed, smoothness, and 'special feeling' when operating a phone, you only get with the iPhone. Don't be fooled by the lower specs (8MP camera, 1GB RAM, 1.4Ghz Dual Core etc.), when you compare it with the Android top models. Because I can tell you the iPhone is seriously better.; I have the iPhone 6 for 3 months now. Never been happier with a phone. It's extremely fast and reliable. The OS is stable, professional looking, and logical. The camera always makes sharp pictures with fast focus. I don't know what I've done with the settings, but I get around 7 to 8 hours of screen time which is fantastic! Much better than the 3 to 3.5 hours my friend gets with his Galaxy S6. With standby my phone only 0.5 percent goes off per hour. With Wi-Fi always on. I've had Android flagship models in the past, and also played a lot with friends/colleagues LG G4, S6 and Note 4. But the speed, smoothness, and 'special feeling' when operating a phone, you only get with the iPhone. Don't be fooled by the lower specs (8MP camera, 1GB RAM, 1.4Ghz Dual Core etc.), when you compare it with the Android top models. Because I can tell you the iPhone is seriously better.
The i phone 6 doesnt even take an sd card; The i phone 6 doesnt even take an sd card
i want buy iphone 6 and somebody told ip6 was not good; i want buy iphone 6 and somebody told ip6 was not good
Anonymous, 14 Aug 2015Which one should i get? Note edge,iphone 6 or LG G4?note 5 is better; note 5 is better
Anonymous, 16 Aug 2015Android phones reflect the advancement of technology we have today by increasing the hardware ... moreTechnology improve at different rates.
 
 A company that cares, take into account all the factors to make the best device. are willing to discard the best for the optimum hardware that ultimately improve the user's experience BASE on the product's main purpose. (etc. purpose as a phone? ultra portable laptop?).
 
 A company that does not care, simply just dump whateva is out there and throw to end consumers. So you end up with gpu that cannot drive the screen.. or cpu that overheats that trying to overtake its competitors, or a 7 inch tablet that claims to be a phone.. and provide no means to function like a phone.
 
 The race here is to build the best phone. Not to brag the best specs. Results, performance and purpose are top consideration for Apple. Any other, bragging / specs / popularity / peer pressure are all secondary.; Technology improve at different rates.; A company that cares, take into account all the factors to make the best device. are willing to discard the best for the optimum hardware that ultimately improve the user's experience BASE on the product's main purpose. (etc. purpose as a phone? ultra portable laptop?).; A company that does not care, simply just dump whateva is out there and throw to end consumers. So you end up with gpu that cannot drive the screen.. or cpu that overheats that trying to overtake its competitors, or a 7 inch tablet that claims to be a phone.. and provide no means to function like a phone.; The race here is to build the best phone. Not to brag the best specs. Results, performance and purpose are top consideration for Apple. Any other, bragging / specs / popularity / peer pressure are all secondary.
Anonymous, 16 Aug 2015Android phones reflect the advancement of technology we have today by increasing the hardware ... more"Android phones reflect the advancement of technology we have today by increasing the hardware specs. It really shows how far our tech have gone for the past few years but Apple is a different story"
 
 Yes Apple is different story, they bring features to market which people actually want to use, Apple isn't company who try everything and hope people might use or find them. Apple only add features which are useful for many users as possible and they implement those features to be very easy and fun to use. 
 
 What android phones have brought? I mean really? Something which are advancement of technology and how users benefit from that? And how far we have gone?; "Android phones reflect the advancement of technology we have today by increasing the hardware specs. It really shows how far our tech have gone for the past few years but Apple is a different story"; Yes Apple is different story, they bring features to market which people actually want to use, Apple isn't company who try everything and hope people might use or find them. Apple only add features which are useful for many users as possible and they implement those features to be very easy and fun to use.; What android phones have brought? I mean really? Something which are advancement of technology and how users benefit from that? And how far we have gone?
Anonymous, 13 Aug 2015Android makers always try to make the "Highest Spec'ed Phone" Apple always try to... moreAndroid phones reflect the advancement of technology we have today by increasing the hardware specs. It really shows how far our tech have gone for the past few years but Apple is a different story. Apple just love to make so-called 'Best Phone'. Apple never develop any technology. They keep their phone outdated and improve the internal. Then, the next thing you know they called it iphone 6 and then a little bit more improvement and called it iphone 6s. I have to admit it is a great device but more often than not is outdated by today standard. Make us think why couldn't they just integrate the latest technology immediately instead of waiting around for a few years. The iphone 6 plus finally see a 2gb ram after many generation of iphone. You are paying the same amount of money to buy an iphone 1gb ram, 16gb rom than a 4gb ram and 32gb rom smartphone.; Android phones reflect the advancement of technology we have today by increasing the hardware specs. It really shows how far our tech have gone for the past few years but Apple is a different story. Apple just love to make so-called 'Best Phone'. Apple never develop any technology. They keep their phone outdated and improve the internal. Then, the next thing you know they called it iphone 6 and then a little bit more improvement and called it iphone 6s. I have to admit it is a great device but more often than not is outdated by today standard. Make us think why couldn't they just integrate the latest technology immediately instead of waiting around for a few years. The iphone 6 plus finally see a 2gb ram after many generation of iphone. You are paying the same amount of money to buy an iphone 1gb ram, 16gb rom than a 4gb ram and 32gb rom smartphone.
Anonymous, 13 Aug 2015Pleas help me guys.. I going to buy apple iphone 6 or samsung glaxy s6.. wich should i buy?... moreObviously iphone 6; Obviously iphone 6
Anonymous, 14 Aug 2015Which one should i get? Note edge,iphone 6 or LG G4?get iphone 6 now. . .trust me. . .iphone really worth for the money. . .you buy samsung then u will regret soon; get iphone 6 now. . .trust me. . .iphone really worth for the money. . .you buy samsung then u will regret soon
Anonymous, 14 Aug 2015Which one should i get? Note edge,iphone 6 or LG G4?Get them all.; Get them all.
swirly, 14 Aug 2015Early Lollipop was such a clusterf***, lol. However, even though 5.1 has many minor bugs, at l... moreYou need to have a developer account to view those reports. If you already have a developer account, Google it, android command code will come up. Type it and it'll show.; You need to have a developer account to view those reports. If you already have a developer account, Google it, android command code will come up. Type it and it'll show.
Anonymous, 14 Aug 2015Which one should i get? Note edge,iphone 6 or LG G4?First decide which operating system you want. It'll make your choice narrow.; First decide which operating system you want. It'll make your choice narrow.
Which one should i get? Note edge,iphone 6 or LG G4?; Which one should i get? Note edge,iphone 6 or LG G4?
yee96, 14 Aug 2015i use iphone 6 one year above ,start is nice to use ~after half year start got problem ,when u... moreagree that ~ but now iphone look better ~ need use carefully; agree that ~ but now iphone look better ~ need use carefully
scorpio, 06 Aug 2015Perhaps your android phone was a cheap and basic phone, not a high end phone e.g. sg6.Apple make High end devices and if you buy High end android sure you will not disappointed; Apple make High end devices and if you buy High end android sure you will not disappointed
ma dream cell,; ma dream cell,
Anonymous, 13 Aug 2015Pleas help me guys.. I going to buy apple iphone 6 or samsung glaxy s6.. wich should i buy?... moreup to you man, I would wait for the new iPhone if I were you though.
 If you have mac then go with the iPhone for sure. If you like windows then it's 50/50 again I guess. iPhone for me is like a.. let's say a good looking and comfy couch, Samsung isn't so comfy but transforms into a bed for when you have guests over. What I'm trying to say is they are both great but some prioritize different things over others.
 When you buy, do you have a return policy? You can just try each phone for a month and decide then. 
 Myself I had iPhone 4 and after that I got Samsung galaxy S lll. Both great, very functional and all but to tell you the truth while having an iPhone I had a sense of pride. Showing it around or just saying I own one made me feel somewhat better that other phone users. It's like having a luxury car. You may not drive a Ferrari cross country but God damn you drive it. And I'll leave you at that. ^^; up to you man, I would wait for the new iPhone if I were you though.; If you have mac then go with the iPhone for sure. If you like windows then it's 50/50 again I guess. iPhone for me is like a.. let's say a good looking and comfy couch, Samsung isn't so comfy but transforms into a bed for when you have guests over. What I'm trying to say is they are both great but some prioritize different things over others.; When you buy, do you have a return policy? You can just try each phone for a month and decide then.; Myself I had iPhone 4 and after that I got Samsung galaxy S lll. Both great, very functional and all but to tell you the truth while having an iPhone I had a sense of pride. Showing it around or just saying I own one made me feel somewhat better that other phone users. It's like having a luxury car. You may not drive a Ferrari cross country but God damn you drive it. And I'll leave you at that. ^^
i use iphone 6 one year above ,start is nice to use ~after half year start got problem ,when use will out at screen,hang abit ,easy hot,so fast out of battery~; i use iphone 6 one year above ,start is nice to use ~after half year start got problem ,when use will out at screen,hang abit ,easy hot,so fast out of battery~
Ace driver, 13 Aug 2015I see a serious difference between iPhones and all other phones in networking except nokia. M... moreThis is because of good OS implementing networking.
 
 You might have the fastest LTE / Wifi chip.. but if you misuse it, then its junk.
 
 Same with UI animation.. Sometimes you need to control transition to beautify it. On Android, everything is animated at top speed, so sometimes you see jerk or blink like a robot, not smooth at all, something lollipop is trying to resolve.. even in ICS (4.0), it still jerk badly.. not human like at all.. On iOS, everything is timed correctly, although you see frame drop, but the illusion of smooth is there.
 
 Now you ask me, why is fast not preferred compared to smoothness? The answer is simple.. We are human, we act natural if we interact with another human.. we feel uncomfortable if we are interacting with robots.
 
 This means better gaming response, better webbrowsing experience, good ebook reading, etc etc.. Once you pick up an iPhone, you realise all the other android phone of the 4.x era apps are worse off.. unless the developer spend tons and tons of time to optimize it. as for Lollipop.. humm.. not much better also.. its like Phone OS 1.; This is because of good OS implementing networking.; You might have the fastest LTE / Wifi chip.. but if you misuse it, then its junk.; Same with UI animation.. Sometimes you need to control transition to beautify it. On Android, everything is animated at top speed, so sometimes you see jerk or blink like a robot, not smooth at all, something lollipop is trying to resolve.. even in ICS (4.0), it still jerk badly.. not human like at all.. On iOS, everything is timed correctly, although you see frame drop, but the illusion of smooth is there.; Now you ask me, why is fast not preferred compared to smoothness? The answer is simple.. We are human, we act natural if we interact with another human.. we feel uncomfortable if we are interacting with robots.; This means better gaming response, better webbrowsing experience, good ebook reading, etc etc.. Once you pick up an iPhone, you realise all the other android phone of the 4.x era apps are worse off.. unless the developer spend tons and tons of time to optimize it. as for Lollipop.. humm.. not much better also.. its like Phone OS 1.
3Doom, 13 Aug 2015At first moment , spec from this model iPhone 6 are similar with LG F60 , only advantage is f... moreIt has nothing to do with good marketing, specs are much more than numbers, only thing which matter is real life performance and real life usage. And both are top notch, that's why iPhone is more popular every day.; It has nothing to do with good marketing, specs are much more than numbers, only thing which matter is real life performance and real life usage. And both are top notch, that's why iPhone is more popular every day.
please help me!!! which one should go for,,iphone 5s or iphone 6.; please help me!!! which one should go for,,iphone 5s or iphone 6.
iphone 6 copy design of meizu mx3...; iphone 6 copy design of meizu mx3...
At first moment , spec from this model iPhone 6 are similar with LG F60 , only advantage is fingerprint sensor. This is example how good marketing do the job.; At first moment , spec from this model iPhone 6 are similar with LG F60 , only advantage is fingerprint sensor. This is example how good marketing do the job.
Pleas help me guys.. 
 I going to buy apple iphone 6 or samsung glaxy s6.. wich should i buy?? Please help me!!!!!; Pleas help me guys..; I going to buy apple iphone 6 or samsung glaxy s6.. wich should i buy?? Please help me!!!!!
Ace driver, 13 Aug 2015I see a serious difference between iPhones and all other phones in networking except nokia. M... moreHaha :D , joker :D; Haha :D , joker :D
swirly, 13 Aug 2015Crappy and buggy Android? When's the last time you used an Android device? 2011? Since 4.0... moreI agree that android 4.4.4 was good and stable, but 5.0.X .... it was buggy as hell. Even 5.1 has many bugs ( most not noticeable by all ). Better you please check the Android System and Application Error Reports on 5.1; I agree that android 4.4.4 was good and stable, but 5.0.X .... it was buggy as hell. Even 5.1 has many bugs ( most not noticeable by all ). Better you please check the Android System and Application Error Reports on 5.1
I see a serious difference between iPhones and all other phones in networking except nokia.
 Mobile data and wifi speed,and connection performance are faster!
 i don't know why all other android devices are really slower than iPhone.; I see a serious difference between iPhones and all other phones in networking except nokia.; Mobile data and wifi speed,and connection performance are faster!; i don't know why all other android devices are really slower than iPhone.
Android makers always try to make the "Highest Spec'ed Phone"
 
 Apple always try to make the "Best Phone"
 
 All the evidence can be found in the benchmarks scores. All the on screen benchmarks shows iPhone is better. While the off-screen benchmark shows Android is higher.
 
 What does all these mean? It means that Android smartphones are using higher resolution then their chipset can support.. so that they can have bragging rights to higher ppi... more cores.. more ram. But does that reflect to better performance? Not really.. they have to continue to optimise it, and you are not getting your money worth of the tech given.
 
 As for the dual core vs quad core.. you realise that the single core performance is greater on iPhone.. because the core size on iPhone is bigger and more complex.. thats why it can do it at 1.4ghz what others need to do at 2.x ghz.. thats why more power efficient per core.. Android try to sell you gimmick of octa core.. half on half off.. save battery, but in the end the size of the chipset is relatively the same, so you get less performance and jerky on sudden startup, but of course you get spec bragging rights only.
 
 Thats why Apple does not care about specs, IT does not even care that you degrade it about specs, because all they wanted is to make a Good Phone. And thats why we continue to buy iPhones, we are not follower of specs gimmicks.; Android makers always try to make the "Highest Spec'ed Phone"; Apple always try to make the "Best Phone"; All the evidence can be found in the benchmarks scores. All the on screen benchmarks shows iPhone is better. While the off-screen benchmark shows Android is higher.; What does all these mean? It means that Android smartphones are using higher resolution then their chipset can support.. so that they can have bragging rights to higher ppi... more cores.. more ram. But does that reflect to better performance? Not really.. they have to continue to optimise it, and you are not getting your money worth of the tech given.; As for the dual core vs quad core.. you realise that the single core performance is greater on iPhone.. because the core size on iPhone is bigger and more complex.. thats why it can do it at 1.4ghz what others need to do at 2.x ghz.. thats why more power efficient per core.. Android try to sell you gimmick of octa core.. half on half off.. save battery, but in the end the size of the chipset is relatively the same, so you get less performance and jerky on sudden startup, but of course you get spec bragging rights only.; Thats why Apple does not care about specs, IT does not even care that you degrade it about specs, because all they wanted is to make a Good Phone. And thats why we continue to buy iPhones, we are not follower of specs gimmicks.
Anonymous, 11 Aug 2015Tell me more about iphone 6 sales. Which country it sells most? When does it sells most? Is it... moreAre you special agent or something??
 Cuz we don't really need something that doesn't usefull to us.
 Apple doesn't have card slot cuz it prevent from viruses & hangk,and also iOS is way to far secure than other.
 No removable battery!! That means they guarantee it wouldn't go wrong .if it does...they will replace every iPhone battery of that's model.
 Wanna have much storage space .get the 128gb verson; Are you special agent or something??; Cuz we don't really need something that doesn't usefull to us.; Apple doesn't have card slot cuz it prevent from viruses & hangk,and also iOS is way to far secure than other.; No removable battery!! That means they guarantee it wouldn't go wrong .if it does...they will replace every iPhone battery of that's model.; Wanna have much storage space .get the 128gb verson
Pauly Walnuts, 12 Aug 2015Look at the specs compared to other popular Android phones, simply outdated technology/specs d... moreLol at the mentality of Fandroids that specs = performance. If your thinking is true then why do your Lagdroid phones have lag and issues (not to mention becomes obsolete and unsupported in just one year) even with 4GB of RAM while the iPhone you belittle runs smoothly with just 1 GB of RAM and works with 3 (soon to be 4) versions of iOS. lol.; Lol at the mentality of Fandroids that specs = performance. If your thinking is true then why do your Lagdroid phones have lag and issues (not to mention becomes obsolete and unsupported in just one year) even with 4GB of RAM while the iPhone you belittle runs smoothly with just 1 GB of RAM and works with 3 (soon to be 4) versions of iOS. lol.
Pauly Walnuts, 12 Aug 2015Look at the specs compared to other popular Android phones, simply outdated technology/specs d... more"Look at the specs compared to other popular Android phones"
 
 Only people without any knowledge does that, so actually many android users...
 
 http://youtu.be/BUBI2DJvL78 Here is "your" nexus 4 performance, iPhone 6 runs that perfectly like everything else too.
 
 We iOS users like to pay for usability, overall experience and real life performance instead numbers on paper
 
 In reality S6/S6 edge are the only phones to compete with iPhone 6; "Look at the specs compared to other popular Android phones"; Only people without any knowledge does that, so actually many android users...; Here is "your" nexus 4 performance, iPhone 6 runs that perfectly like everything else too.; We iOS users like to pay for usability, overall experience and real life performance instead numbers on paper; In reality S6/S6 edge are the only phones to compete with iPhone 6
Pauly Walnuts, 12 Aug 2015Look at the specs compared to other popular Android phones, simply outdated technology/specs d... moreI agree that camera kinda not as good as other phone. But iPhone provide you with most natural looking pictures .i.e, no extra editing done. 
 Specs doesn't matter, what matters is the combination of the specs with the operating system. This amalgamation is where the magic happens.
 Even though spec wise android phone are good, due to it's crappy and buggy android operating system it's kinda downfall for most people.; I agree that camera kinda not as good as other phone. But iPhone provide you with most natural looking pictures .i.e, no extra editing done.; Specs doesn't matter, what matters is the combination of the specs with the operating system. This amalgamation is where the magic happens.; Even though spec wise android phone are good, due to it's crappy and buggy android operating system it's kinda downfall for most people.
Anonymous, 11 Aug 2015iPhone6 16 GBthanks ..!!; thanks ..!!
Pauly Walnuts, 12 Aug 2015Look at the specs compared to other popular Android phones, simply outdated technology/specs d... moreSeriously. Take a look at that post.
 
 Can you seriously believe that? Only unlearned android fanboys believe that.
 
 You only see the surface of specs (dual core, 8mp, ips display, blah blah blah), thats why your knowledge is lacking.
 
 The A8 SoC by itself that crushes all android phones specs 2014.. YOU think this N4 can defeat it?
 
 The 8MP camera on the iPhone 6 have such a bigger sensor that makes your N4 look like a toy.
 
 And you rubble on the NFC deal. But take a damn good look around.. where is NFC in 2012? Did you see it as wide spread?.. 2014 - 2015 you suddenly see the expansion due to Apple influence. And do not even get me started with the display improvements.. construction build.; Seriously. Take a look at that post.; Can you seriously believe that? Only unlearned android fanboys believe that.; You only see the surface of specs (dual core, 8mp, ips display, blah blah blah), thats why your knowledge is lacking.; The A8 SoC by itself that crushes all android phones specs 2014.. YOU think this N4 can defeat it?; The 8MP camera on the iPhone 6 have such a bigger sensor that makes your N4 look like a toy.; And you rubble on the NFC deal. But take a damn good look around.. where is NFC in 2012? Did you see it as wide spread?.. 2014 - 2015 you suddenly see the expansion due to Apple influence. And do not even get me started with the display improvements.. construction build.
Look at the specs compared to other popular Android phones, simply outdated technology/specs dating back 2 years or more. Expensive phone for no real reason except huge profit margins in Apple's pockets.
 
 http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/09/11/iphone-­6-android_n_5803818.html; Look at the specs compared to other popular Android phones, simply outdated technology/specs dating back 2 years or more. Expensive phone for no real reason except huge profit margins in Apple's pockets.
Look Guys im not fan of iPhone ....But In in Love with iPhone especially to iPhone 6 , i have been using a lot of phones for exp: Galaxy Alpha , Note 3,4 ,GS5 , m8 , nexus 5 lumia and etc , im addicted to use all of the models but none of the giant companies can brick the wall of Apple , iPhone is In all way better than android more powerfull , more trendy , friendly to every user , also the software is brilliant ,but please Android Fans dont waste ur time to say that iPhone is piece of crap , earn money and buy , but dont be an idiots to say bad things for a iPhone , if someone ask me about phones , I am the Answer here , i use samsung 4 models , iPhone ??? 2G 3G 3GS 4 4S 5 5C 5S , 5S worth much more than GS6 in hardware way , and iPhone 6 , i used all of iPhones , iPhone is the best Best best , u wont be Dissapointed ...Get Out Android Fans i respect only Sony Playstation And windows , Every android phones are lot of bugs crashes , slows down , apple wont and never be Apple deserve Best; Look Guys im not fan of iPhone ....But In in Love with iPhone especially to iPhone 6 , i have been using a lot of phones for exp: Galaxy Alpha , Note 3,4 ,GS5 , m8 , nexus 5 lumia and etc , im addicted to use all of the models but none of the giant companies can brick the wall of Apple , iPhone is In all way better than android more powerfull , more trendy , friendly to every user , also the software is brilliant ,but please Android Fans dont waste ur time to say that iPhone is piece of crap , earn money and buy , but dont be an idiots to say bad things for a iPhone , if someone ask me about phones , I am the Answer here , i use samsung 4 models , iPhone ??? 2G 3G 3GS 4 4S 5 5C 5S , 5S worth much more than GS6 in hardware way , and iPhone 6 , i used all of iPhones , iPhone is the best Best best , u wont be Dissapointed ...Get Out Android Fans i respect only Sony Playstation And windows , Every android phones are lot of bugs crashes , slows down , apple wont and never be Apple deserve Best
Riyuk6239, 08 Aug 2015From where did you bought that iPhone and when was it's manufacturing date ? Make sure you ... moreHy dear no phone like iPhone if u not blev then give me eny example even iPhone 4s batter then Samsung Galaxy s5; Hy dear no phone like iPhone if u not blev then give me eny example even iPhone 4s batter then Samsung Galaxy s5
D J, 11 Aug 2015who is the best in same price Iphone5s 32gb and iphone6 16 gbiPhone6 16 GB; iPhone6 16 GB
sudhir, 11 Aug 2015Hey please tell me if i lost my iphone then what the iphone company will do is they gonna trac... moreYou can use " Find My iPhone" to locate/lock/erase your iPhone. You can also log into your iCloud account to access Find My iPhone from a Desktop/Laptop. 
 No one will you give you a iPhone if you lost it. Maximum what you can do is to get an insurance for your mobile ( if you live in India ). 
 P.S. Claiming process is not easy.; You can use " Find My iPhone" to locate/lock/erase your iPhone. You can also log into your iCloud account to access Find My iPhone from a Desktop/Laptop.; No one will you give you a iPhone if you lost it. Maximum what you can do is to get an insurance for your mobile ( if you live in India ).; P.S. Claiming process is not easy.
sudhir, 11 Aug 2015Hey please tell me if i lost my iphone then what the iphone company will do is they gonna trac... moreThey usually just ignore you and tell you to buy a new one. Unless you remember your phone imei.; They usually just ignore you and tell you to buy a new one. Unless you remember your phone imei.
Hey please tell me if i lost my iphone then what the iphone company will do is they gonna track my phone or just close that phone and give a new one..; Hey please tell me if i lost my iphone then what the iphone company will do is they gonna track my phone or just close that phone and give a new one..
Anonymous, 11 Aug 2015Go. Buy a $80 phone. Show me how good it is. You need a 2015 Android phone that cost more t... moreTell me more about iphone 6 sales. Which country it sells most? When does it sells most? Is it still selling now or the sales have declined a lot? How is it doing in its homeground in US? Why people like it? Why doesn't it have sd slot? Why no removable battery? Why the ram so low? Why no fast charging? Why no wireless charging? Assistive Touch, Touch ID, Force Touch and what kind of Touch is next?; Tell me more about iphone 6 sales. Which country it sells most? When does it sells most? Is it still selling now or the sales have declined a lot? How is it doing in its homeground in US? Why people like it? Why doesn't it have sd slot? Why no removable battery? Why the ram so low? Why no fast charging? Why no wireless charging? Assistive Touch, Touch ID, Force Touch and what kind of Touch is next?
who is the best in same price 
 Iphone5s 32gb and iphone6 16 gb; who is the best in same price; Iphone5s 32gb and iphone6 16 gb
w, 10 Aug 2015Oh wow this phone is booooring! can't believe i am stuck with it for one more year :( if you l... moreGo. Buy a $80 phone. Show me how good it is.
 
 You need a 2015 Android phone that cost more then iPhone to even remotely compete. 
 
 And you tell me how come the MOST Popular Android smartphone (S6) is not much different from iPhone? S6 - fingerprint ... unibody .. non removable battery ... ?? Why why?
 
 And Why is iPhone 6 the most sold phone?.. 
 
 Fanboys? Sheep? Or Apple hit the mark? Go Figure.; Go. Buy a $80 phone. Show me how good it is.; You need a 2015 Android phone that cost more then iPhone to even remotely compete.; And you tell me how come the MOST Popular Android smartphone (S6) is not much different from iPhone? S6 - fingerprint ... unibody .. non removable battery ... ?? Why why?; And Why is iPhone 6 the most sold phone?..; Fanboys? Sheep? Or Apple hit the mark? Go Figure.
i just want to say that iphone 6 many problem low battery capacity and home button is not work good and it hung some time and so other problems i hope iphone 6s will be a better phone; i just want to say that iphone 6 many problem low battery capacity and home button is not work good and it hung some time and so other problems i hope iphone 6s will be a better phone
i think you used damn basic android one.. use advanced android one.. like s6 , htc m8 eye, lg G4, ONE PLUS 2 , SONY Z3 , NEXUS 6 , HTC M9 , SAMSUNG NOTE 4; i think you used damn basic android one.. use advanced android one.. like s6 , htc m8 eye, lg G4, ONE PLUS 2 , SONY Z3 , NEXUS 6 , HTC M9 , SAMSUNG NOTE 4
Hi. I just bought the iphone 6 about a month ago and mark my words. It's the worst iPhone released by Apple yet. I owned an iPhone 4s before the 6 and trust me I never used a screen protector or a case. It was the best phone I ever had. I truly regret to have not looked at the iPhone 5s before going straight for the 6. It was just that I needed an upgrade but I never dreamt even in my worst dreams that the iPhone 6 would be such a failure for me!!; Hi. I just bought the iphone 6 about a month ago and mark my words. It's the worst iPhone released by Apple yet. I owned an iPhone 4s before the 6 and trust me I never used a screen protector or a case. It was the best phone I ever had. I truly regret to have not looked at the iPhone 5s before going straight for the 6. It was just that I needed an upgrade but I never dreamt even in my worst dreams that the iPhone 6 would be such a failure for me!!
Oh wow this phone is booooring! can't believe i am stuck with it for one more year :( if you like boring and restrictive OS, cheap looking phone, poor battery and no nfc, wireless charging, all that...then iphones do the job, but don't expect an expensive phone here. You are paying for apple's marketing expenses here...this phone looks and acts like a $80 phone....; Oh wow this phone is booooring! can't believe i am stuck with it for one more year :( if you like boring and restrictive OS, cheap looking phone, poor battery and no nfc, wireless charging, all that...then iphones do the job, but don't expect an expensive phone here. You are paying for apple's marketing expenses here...this phone looks and acts like a $80 phone....
Saanaa , 10 Aug 2015I'm new to iPhone.what is APN ?how to know this ?Access Point Name. You have to ask your provider for it. They may use Username and Password. most of them use the word ; internet; Access Point Name. You have to ask your provider for it. They may use Username and Password. most of them use the word ; internet
Saanaa , 10 Aug 2015I'm new to iPhone.what is APN ?how to know this ?Access Point Name.; Access Point Name.
Harsh123, 09 Aug 2015IPhone 6s rocksss.... 12 mp camera , 2gb ram , triple core processor, A9 chip.. Rockkkkk I'm W... moreSounds like galaxy alpha specs. Haha.; Sounds like galaxy alpha specs. Haha.
I'm new to iPhone.what is APN ?how to know this ?; I'm new to iPhone.what is APN ?how to know this ?
Nahhhh.. iPhone is getting worst.. We are at 2015 already but still, they make phones with 1gb of ram only plus the camera and the battery at low specs.... MyGod... Dont be so boastful if you're OS is stable.. We still need improvements on your device not the price thats getting higher. Price is NOT worth it... I would prefer using my iPhone5s than iPhone6-gen phones.. mark my word... DESIGN IS SOOOO UGLY AND WEAK... I hope it would not be a the same issue on iPhone6S...take note, I own S6 and note4.. superb phone with a lesser price(except S6) which is really worth it.. JUST SAYING; Nahhhh.. iPhone is getting worst.. We are at 2015 already but still, they make phones with 1gb of ram only plus the camera and the battery at low specs.... MyGod... Dont be so boastful if you're OS is stable.. We still need improvements on your device not the price thats getting higher. Price is NOT worth it... I would prefer using my iPhone5s than iPhone6-gen phones.. mark my word... DESIGN IS SOOOO UGLY AND WEAK... I hope it would not be a the same issue on iPhone6S...take note, I own S6 and note4.. superb phone with a lesser price(except S6) which is really worth it.. JUST SAYING
IPhone 6s rocksss.... 12 mp camera , 2gb ram , triple core processor, A9 chip.. Rockkkkk I'm Waiting...love itt ðŸ˜Š; IPhone 6s rocksss.... 12 mp camera , 2gb ram , triple core processor, A9 chip.. Rockkkkk I'm Waiting...love itt ðŸ˜Š
I am waiting for Iphone 6s and ipad air 3. if they made a big change, i will go for it. either wise; no; I am waiting for Iphone 6s and ipad air 3. if they made a big change, i will go for it. either wise; no
Sam, 04 Aug 2015I am new to iPhone and I have few question to be clarified: (1) How can I download videos/son... moreHiii....Sam..
 
 I think you already have iTunes account..
 Well, from the store download this app* idownloadall. *
 Available in free.
 This app is like a 3rd party app but you can enjoy you browsing here and download everything .
 You can even set password for each file.
 
 Try it ..its awesome; Hiii....Sam..; I think you already have iTunes account..; Well, from the store download this app* idownloadall. *; Available in free.; This app is like a 3rd party app but you can enjoy you browsing here and download everything .; You can even set password for each file.; Try it ..its awesome
Mahi, 08 Aug 2015Hi Everyone~ I'av boughtI6 in March 2015,since then i'av visited service centre 3times where ... moreFrom where did you bought that iPhone and when was it's manufacturing date ?
 
 Make sure you are running ios 8.4. If it's on ios 8.4, try factory restoring it once using iTunes.; From where did you bought that iPhone and when was it's manufacturing date ?; Make sure you are running ios 8.4. If it's on ios 8.4, try factory restoring it once using iTunes.
Hi Everyone~
 I'av boughtI6 in March 2015,since then i'av visited service centre 3times where they could'nt get resolved even a single issue.Below i am pointing the issues which i still suffering.
 1.Hanging problem at least 5 times in a week.
 2.Screen touch,power key & home key does'nt work during hang,phoneautomatically gets shut down.
 3.Some times notification bar disappear.
 4.Proximity sensor does'nt work many times.
 5.Automatically call gets connected without dialling.
 6.I didn't get even single solution from service center.
 AT last i strongly recommend not to buy I6.; Hi Everyone~; I'av boughtI6 in March 2015,since then i'av visited service centre 3times where they could'nt get resolved even a single issue.Below i am pointing the issues which i still suffering.; 1.Hanging problem at least 5 times in a week.; 2.Screen touch,power key & home key does'nt work during hang,phoneautomatically gets shut down.; 3.Some times notification bar disappear.; 4.Proximity sensor does'nt work many times.; 5.Automatically call gets connected without dialling.; 6.I didn't get even single solution from service center.; AT last i strongly recommend not to buy I6.
Anonymous, 07 Aug 2015The screen shatters easily. Even if you have a case and a tempered glass protections. My sli... moreI had the same thing happen 4 days after I got the phone my son dropped it the phone was in a protective case and I had a glass shield on the screen and screen was shattered I took it to the Apple Store and was the same that had to pay to get it fix; I had the same thing happen 4 days after I got the phone my son dropped it the phone was in a protective case and I had a glass shield on the screen and screen was shattered I took it to the Apple Store and was the same that had to pay to get it fix
The screen shatters easily. Even if you have a case and a tempered glass protections. My slipped out of my hands while taking a picture of my grandkids and it shattered both the protector and the phone screen. It only fell 3'. The only thing Apple will tell you is how unfortunate, which means pull out your wallet because it will cost you!; The screen shatters easily. Even if you have a case and a tempered glass protections. My slipped out of my hands while taking a picture of my grandkids and it shattered both the protector and the phone screen. It only fell 3'. The only thing Apple will tell you is how unfortunate, which means pull out your wallet because it will cost you!
Manjeet, 06 Aug 2015The one of the limitation of i Phone 6 is its 16 GB model. By spending such amount everybody w... morebuy the 64gb or 128gb version then?; buy the 64gb or 128gb version then?
The one of the limitation of i Phone 6 is its 16 GB model. By spending such amount everybody will desire minimum 64 GB storage.; The one of the limitation of i Phone 6 is its 16 GB model. By spending such amount everybody will desire minimum 64 GB storage.
Helene, 05 Aug 2015I've had a lot of phones in my 19 years of life, all but one being androids. The only good pho... morePerhaps your android phone was a cheap and basic phone, not a high end phone e.g. sg6.; Perhaps your android phone was a cheap and basic phone, not a high end phone e.g. sg6.
Anonymous, 05 Aug 2015i can't find netwirk sharing on my iphone6, can somebody help.Initially you need to a create a personal hotspot. Go to Cellular > Cellular Data Network > Scroll down, you'll see personal hotspot menu. There you'll have to enter APN, Username and Password. After entering these 3, personal hotspot menu will come up in settings.; Initially you need to a create a personal hotspot. Go to Cellular > Cellular Data Network > Scroll down, you'll see personal hotspot menu. There you'll have to enter APN, Username and Password. After entering these 3, personal hotspot menu will come up in settings.
Hmmm dis phone is sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo­oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo­oo nice loved it alot....; Hmmm dis phone is sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo­oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo­oo nice loved it alot....
Helene, 05 Aug 2015I've had a lot of phones in my 19 years of life, all but one being androids. The only good pho... morehi Helene, 
 
 
 Welcome aboad the massive Apple Train, we welcome you with open arms :D; hi Helene,; Welcome aboad the massive Apple Train, we welcome you with open arms :D
I've had a lot of phones in my 19 years of life, all but one being androids. The only good phone I've had, was the Iphone 4S! Apple makes great products of high quality and I'm prepared to pay a high price for that. I've had a android for 6 months now because my Iphone 4S broke and at the time I couldn't afford a new one, and let me tell you one thing, it sucks!! I'm buying a Iphone 6 in October and I'm never going back to piece of crap androids. Apple for life!; I've had a lot of phones in my 19 years of life, all but one being androids. The only good phone I've had, was the Iphone 4S! Apple makes great products of high quality and I'm prepared to pay a high price for that. I've had a android for 6 months now because my Iphone 4S broke and at the time I couldn't afford a new one, and let me tell you one thing, it sucks!! I'm buying a Iphone 6 in October and I'm never going back to piece of crap androids. Apple for life!
i can't find netwirk sharing on my iphone6, can somebody help.; i can't find netwirk sharing on my iphone6, can somebody help.
Sam, 04 Aug 2015I am new to iPhone and I have few question to be clarified: (1) How can I download videos/son... more1 - There is an app called " MyVid - Video downloader " where you need a link of the video to be downloaded and then save it to Camera Roll.
 
 2 - There used to be a torrent app, I think it got pulled. 
 
 I don't use torrent on any Phone, I prefer downloading it on PC/Mac.; 1 - There is an app called " MyVid - Video downloader " where you need a link of the video to be downloaded and then save it to Camera Roll.; 2 - There used to be a torrent app, I think it got pulled.; I don't use torrent on any Phone, I prefer downloading it on PC/Mac.
Riyuk6239, 04 Aug 2015I could easily use it for 1.5days on a single charge, I'm very happy with it. I recommend you ... moreThnks to you man; Thnks to you man
V!N02, 04 Aug 2015Can I buy the iPhone 6? And the battery is good? you can easily use it for a day but don't play HD games battery drain so fast (Eg: if the battery is 100% and if you start playing a HD game for five minutes after if you check the battery capacity it will be 75% - 80%; you can easily use it for a day but don't play HD games battery drain so fast (Eg: if the battery is 100% and if you start playing a HD game for five minutes after if you check the battery capacity it will be 75% - 80%
I am new to iPhone and I have few question to be clarified:
 (1) How can I download videos/songs to my iPhone without iTunes ?
 (2) Torrent is available for iPhone ?
 
 Thanks; I am new to iPhone and I have few question to be clarified:; (1) How can I download videos/songs to my iPhone without iTunes ?; (2) Torrent is available for iPhone ?; Thanks
V!N02, 04 Aug 2015Can I buy the iPhone 6? And the battery is good? I could easily use it for 1.5days on a single charge, I'm very happy with it. I recommend you to wait till they release 6S and then decide.
 
 
 p.s : I don't play heavy games on my iPhone.; I could easily use it for 1.5days on a single charge, I'm very happy with it. I recommend you to wait till they release 6S and then decide.; p.s : I don't play heavy games on my iPhone.
though its juts hoax but , I usually put my phone in my pockets after few weeks it bends and the screen is slightly removed, then starts to show blue and black screen good thing I have replacement.; though its juts hoax but , I usually put my phone in my pockets after few weeks it bends and the screen is slightly removed, then starts to show blue and black screen good thing I have replacement.
Pear, 31 Jul 2015S6 or Edge are more expensive than iphone 6. But then again, those are actually good phones..Can I buy the iPhone 6? And the battery is good?; Can I buy the iPhone 6? And the battery is good?
Duel, 03 Aug 2015"but the camera at night is a complete piece of crap." Every phone camera at nigh... moreThis may sound ridiculous to you... but i take the pictures with the Iphone 6 and i edit them with my Huawei Y360 lol....; This may sound ridiculous to you... but i take the pictures with the Iphone 6 and i edit them with my Huawei Y360 lol....
Duel, 03 Aug 2015"but the camera at night is a complete piece of crap." Every phone camera at nigh... moreIt seems like you have not had a high end Xperia or Samsung mate...; It seems like you have not had a high end Xperia or Samsung mate...
Anonymous, 01 Aug 2015Lets be clear about this iphone 6 has a display to match a midrange android a average or worse... moreto show of my friend.. haha.. I have both phones and i always use my Note4 compared to iPhone6+... but when i travel or go somewhere, I use the iPhone... LOL... both are superb but I cant deny, note4 is the best.....; to show of my friend.. haha.. I have both phones and i always use my Note4 compared to iPhone6+... but when i travel or go somewhere, I use the iPhone... LOL... both are superb but I cant deny, note4 is the best.....
very good phone so happy with it very good screen amazing camera and i really like the design but the screen can be easily broken and after two days of buying the phone the screen has 2 scratches and the battery life is not good and it will last for only 1 day; very good phone so happy with it very good screen amazing camera and i really like the design but the screen can be easily broken and after two days of buying the phone the screen has 2 scratches and the battery life is not good and it will last for only 1 day
Andrew, 03 Aug 2015The iphone 6 is a great phone it feels great on the hand and the screen looks sharp and awesom... more"but the camera at night is a complete piece of crap."
 
 Every phone camera at night is piece of crap, sadly the tech just isn't there yet and don't know if it's ever? maybe someday...; "but the camera at night is a complete piece of crap."; Every phone camera at night is piece of crap, sadly the tech just isn't there yet and don't know if it's ever? maybe someday...
Andrew, 03 Aug 2015The iphone 6 is a great phone it feels great on the hand and the screen looks sharp and awesom... moreIts the most used phone for pro photographers.. this phone / iPhone 5S and 6 Plus.
 
 And photographers are more picky then regular users.
 
 If you fail on this phone... most likely no other phone might fit your criteria. 
 
 Plus do note this: Lens and sensors on ANY phones are BOTH crap.. because of size limitations! So.. the only way out is..? Software. Thats right Apps!
 
 There are tons of apps other then the default camera app. Make full use of your App store.
 
 What you need is a night mode camera app. Else you can attach a dumb phone to a dslr camera with duck tape.. that works too!; Its the most used phone for pro photographers.. this phone / iPhone 5S and 6 Plus.; And photographers are more picky then regular users.; If you fail on this phone... most likely no other phone might fit your criteria.; Plus do note this: Lens and sensors on ANY phones are BOTH crap.. because of size limitations! So.. the only way out is..? Software. Thats right Apps!; There are tons of apps other then the default camera app. Make full use of your App store.; What you need is a night mode camera app. Else you can attach a dumb phone to a dslr camera with duck tape.. that works too!
The iphone 6 is a great phone it feels great on the hand and the screen looks sharp and awesome, but the camera at night is a complete piece of crap... totally dissapointed with the camera quality.; The iphone 6 is a great phone it feels great on the hand and the screen looks sharp and awesome, but the camera at night is a complete piece of crap... totally dissapointed with the camera quality.
Pear, 31 Jul 2015S6 or Edge are more expensive than iphone 6. But then again, those are actually good phones..no their not in android standard. they take a lot of power, consumes a lot of battery and no one likes Samsungs bloatware on it.; no their not in android standard. they take a lot of power, consumes a lot of battery and no one likes Samsungs bloatware on it.
Coool phone!!! I luv it !; Coool phone!!! I luv it !
Hi friends owning an iphone 6 is fantastic but i hv a problem some contacts on my whatsapp sending me voice msgs are not playing.they are being played in fast forward many contacts voice mag are being played fyn but there is the above mentioned issue with some xnt find aolution plzzz help 
 Thanks in adv; Hi friends owning an iphone 6 is fantastic but i hv a problem some contacts on my whatsapp sending me voice msgs are not playing.they are being played in fast forward many contacts voice mag are being played fyn but there is the above mentioned issue with some xnt find aolution plzzz help; Thanks in adv
I love this phone! I love this phone! I love this phone! :):):):):); I love this phone! I love this phone! I love this phone! :):):):):)
swirly, 01 Aug 2015I do agree that iPhones have mediocre multi-tasking, mainly due to the low amount of RAM. But ... moreMay be i can make it free...but i cant... i dont know that why they keep their costs so high .... and i m sure if they make their price which is affordable to all then i am sure then every people living in dis earth would buy iphones... and not a single person even ask about android phones...; May be i can make it free...but i cant... i dont know that why they keep their costs so high .... and i m sure if they make their price which is affordable to all then i am sure then every people living in dis earth would buy iphones... and not a single person even ask about android phones...
swirly, 01 Aug 2015You do realise that the iPhone is a high-end phone right? Simply comparing them to budget mid-... moreiPhone indeed is a good phone, but compare its multitasking ability it is not quite good and try to print out your picture which you had captured with your iphone6 front camera, I will make sure it is not good enough. I am not a fanatic of android or apple. I'm just giving my opinions. And do not be a fanatic, it is not good.
 Thank you :); iPhone indeed is a good phone, but compare its multitasking ability it is not quite good and try to print out your picture which you had captured with your iphone6 front camera, I will make sure it is not good enough. I am not a fanatic of android or apple. I'm just giving my opinions. And do not be a fanatic, it is not good.; Thank you :)
Lets be clear about this iphone 6 has a display to match a midrange android a average or worse battery than midrange android phone. NFC which is on most androids. fingerprint scanner on most top end androids. A good camera that is not as good as the s6 or g4 or nokia 930. Less customization than a android. It can no longer take credit for having best benchmark scores anymore. It also cant take credit for fastest speed. So why all the interest with such a high price when it offers less in every way ?; Lets be clear about this iphone 6 has a display to match a midrange android a average or worse battery than midrange android phone. NFC which is on most androids. fingerprint scanner on most top end androids. A good camera that is not as good as the s6 or g4 or nokia 930. Less customization than a android. It can no longer take credit for having best benchmark scores anymore. It also cant take credit for fastest speed. So why all the interest with such a high price when it offers less in every way ?
Pear, 31 Jul 2015S6 or Edge are more expensive than iphone 6. But then again, those are actually good phones.."S6 or Edge are more expensive than iphone 6. But then again, those are actually good phones.."
 
 Clearly not because those arent selling, so there has to be something big wrong about them, maybe the android is the problem nowdays? And people just want iOS device.; "S6 or Edge are more expensive than iphone 6. But then again, those are actually good phones.."; Clearly not because those arent selling, so there has to be something big wrong about them, maybe the android is the problem nowdays? And people just want iOS device.
zack, 31 Jul 2015Yes, iPhone6 is a very good, i mean excellent phone. However, if we looked at the value (like ... moreS6 or Edge are more expensive than iphone 6. But then again, those are actually good phones..; S6 or Edge are more expensive than iphone 6. But then again, those are actually good phones..
Yes, iPhone6 is a very good, i mean excellent phone. However, if we looked at the value (like we did at the density of materials rho=mass/volume, this one would be rho=specs*comfort*design over price), this phone actually do not has the great value. The price of apple's product is so damn high unlike the family of androids. The conclusion is go for iphone6 if you can afford it, but go for android phone like samsung s6,s5,note4 if you want the high spec at lower price, in this case Asus Zenfone 2, Lenovo K3 Note, Xiaomi 4i will be your best choice. :); Yes, iPhone6 is a very good, i mean excellent phone. However, if we looked at the value (like we did at the density of materials rho=mass/volume, this one would be rho=specs*comfort*design over price), this phone actually do not has the great value. The price of apple's product is so damn high unlike the family of androids. The conclusion is go for iphone6 if you can afford it, but go for android phone like samsung s6,s5,note4 if you want the high spec at lower price, in this case Asus Zenfone 2, Lenovo K3 Note, Xiaomi 4i will be your best choice. :)
Every review on camera agrees iPhone takes more realistic natural pictures. It shows the most accurate pictures ever.
 
 Note 4 tends to add fake pictures (Yes i say FAKE).. Poppy colors, over saturated.. warm overlay.. Lights tends to smudge all over.. so that every picture taken by note4 is like subjective ... some like warm colors .. some like poppy colors .. blah blah.. then they say note 4 better or worse .. OMG...
 
 Thats work for photoshop man.. a good camera capture the moment as it is.. NO artificial addons.. 
 
 It reminds me of wedding photoshoots.. trim the fats... polish the face ... tweak the lights... WTF. Fake and robotic like an android. 
 
 If you want to tweak the picture, there are tons of tweaks apps available for download. But the original IMO should be accurate and simple.; Every review on camera agrees iPhone takes more realistic natural pictures. It shows the most accurate pictures ever.; Note 4 tends to add fake pictures (Yes i say FAKE).. Poppy colors, over saturated.. warm overlay.. Lights tends to smudge all over.. so that every picture taken by note4 is like subjective ... some like warm colors .. some like poppy colors .. blah blah.. then they say note 4 better or worse .. OMG...; Thats work for photoshop man.. a good camera capture the moment as it is.. NO artificial addons..; It reminds me of wedding photoshoots.. trim the fats... polish the face ... tweak the lights... WTF. Fake and robotic like an android.; If you want to tweak the picture, there are tons of tweaks apps available for download. But the original IMO should be accurate and simple.
the thing that is superb on iPhone's camera is its slow motion... it is really amazing that note4 since iPhone has 240 fps whereas to note4 only have 60/120 fps... In addtion, its OIS is also better than note4 but, the in conclusion, note4 has much better result; the thing that is superb on iPhone's camera is its slow motion... it is really amazing that note4 since iPhone has 240 fps whereas to note4 only have 60/120 fps... In addtion, its OIS is also better than note4 but, the in conclusion, note4 has much better result
Anonymous, 30 Jul 2015iPhone takes the most realistic pictures of all. If you like fake pictures, then go for no... moreare you really sure with your comment? lol!! it is actually based on my experience on both of this devices.... you just dont know the capabilities of note4.. because your stucked on iOS nad dont know how to use android.. Note4's picture output is ,yes, it is vivid... but you can adjust it under settings to have a more realistic picture.. i love iphone also and i use it as well but i cant deny note4 is better.. period; are you really sure with your comment? lol!! it is actually based on my experience on both of this devices.... you just dont know the capabilities of note4.. because your stucked on iOS nad dont know how to use android.. Note4's picture output is ,yes, it is vivid... but you can adjust it under settings to have a more realistic picture.. i love iphone also and i use it as well but i cant deny note4 is better.. period
Johngir, 28 Jul 2015Long before Apple's domination of Tech-markets, Samsung was King of the Hi-Tech industry and S... moreWhy all the hate? It's about personal choice. I thought forums were supposed to be helpful to the phone user. I'm so disappointed to find so many immature comments, it's not helpful at all; Why all the hate? It's about personal choice. I thought forums were supposed to be helpful to the phone user. I'm so disappointed to find so many immature comments, it's not helpful at all
To dear all apple haters...
 
 I agree there are lots of brand name with high specs and low price tag.
 But you should know this..how apple came this far and how Samsung did.
 You know why??
 As I came through ...aplle starts from the very first in technology while samesung!!!......* noodle//& wool...haha...
 And you say apple are just for 4years old kid!! 
 Is noodle factory and wool industry is the way of starting technology???
 If you don't like apple leave...they don't force you to buy.
 Apple had different technical philosophy with others.
 And lastly ,I don't hate other products -I just don't like them; To dear all apple haters...; I agree there are lots of brand name with high specs and low price tag.; But you should know this..how apple came this far and how Samsung did.; You know why??; As I came through ...aplle starts from the very first in technology while samesung!!!......* noodle//& wool...haha...; And you say apple are just for 4years old kid!!; Is noodle factory and wool industry is the way of starting technology???; If you don't like apple leave...they don't force you to buy.; Apple had different technical philosophy with others.; And lastly ,I don't hate other products -I just don't like them
Anonymous, 30 Jul 2015iPhone takes the most realistic pictures of all. If you like fake pictures, then go for no... moreWhat? I have a Samsung s4 and my wife and a friend both have an iphone 5s. Both agree that my phone takes better photos than theirs. Actually my camera is a real one and so are theirs. Not a fake to be seen. Perhaps you mean the deep and rich android colour.; What? I have a Samsung s4 and my wife and a friend both have an iphone 5s. Both agree that my phone takes better photos than theirs. Actually my camera is a real one and so are theirs. Not a fake to be seen. Perhaps you mean the deep and rich android colour.
Anonymous, 30 Jul 2015iPhone takes the most realistic pictures of all. If you like fake pictures, then go for no... more"If you like fake pictures, then go for note4, a picture is subjective.." again what!!! I have never heard of a fake picture on a phone. Unbelievably funny. I want to know what this fake picture is supposed to look like. Is it a picture taken of an original. True ifan so funny.; "If you like fake pictures, then go for note4, a picture is subjective.." again what!!! I have never heard of a fake picture on a phone. Unbelievably funny. I want to know what this fake picture is supposed to look like. Is it a picture taken of an original. True ifan so funny.
The truth, 28 Jul 2015Like you said. Simple. Devices are supposed to be simple. You buy a washing machine.. WHY?... more"You buy a washing machine.. WHY? so you do not need to wash with your own hands." say what!!!! Things are bad for ifans when they are comparing the simplicity of their device to a washing machine. Wow its gone to a whole new level of intellect. Entertaining reading some of the excuses and comments most of the ifans put. Thanks for the laugh.; "You buy a washing machine.. WHY? so you do not need to wash with your own hands." say what!!!! Things are bad for ifans when they are comparing the simplicity of their device to a washing machine. Wow its gone to a whole new level of intellect. Entertaining reading some of the excuses and comments most of the ifans put. Thanks for the laugh.
Yeah, 29 Jul 2015I have both phones, iphone 6+ and Note 4.... I prefer note 4 since it has the best camera seco... moreiPhone takes the most realistic pictures of all. 
 
 If you like fake pictures, then go for note4, a picture is subjective.. some like fakes, some like realism. You do not need other's preview, just see the pictures yourselves.. you can notice all android taken pictures are over saturated, non-realistic compared to the actual subject.
 
 iPhone provide the smoothest and fastest gaming in the mobile world with Metal / Quad core GPU. It does not fake the user with tons of cores numbers and high GHz count, or high ram. It provide real performance. But of course.. your brain try to tell you higher cores means better.. can't blame you for falling into that fake path again as you failed to notice note4 is still a 32bit device.; iPhone takes the most realistic pictures of all.; If you like fake pictures, then go for note4, a picture is subjective.. some like fakes, some like realism. You do not need other's preview, just see the pictures yourselves.. you can notice all android taken pictures are over saturated, non-realistic compared to the actual subject.; iPhone provide the smoothest and fastest gaming in the mobile world with Metal / Quad core GPU. It does not fake the user with tons of cores numbers and high GHz count, or high ram. It provide real performance. But of course.. your brain try to tell you higher cores means better.. can't blame you for falling into that fake path again as you failed to notice note4 is still a 32bit device.
Dizz, 29 Jul 2015Yes, they MANUFACTURE products, but they DO NOT DESIGN THEM! Apple (as othe tech companies), d... moredoes it need to be branded as Samsung and not apple? just consider it that samsung owns it; does it need to be branded as Samsung and not apple? just consider it that samsung owns it
I have both phones, iphone 6+ and Note 4.... I prefer note 4 since it has the best camera second to s6.. (check the ranking here in gsmarena)... crystal clear note 4's display.. best for gaming. Best camera than 6+.. go for note 4; I have both phones, iphone 6+ and Note 4.... I prefer note 4 since it has the best camera second to s6.. (check the ranking here in gsmarena)... crystal clear note 4's display.. best for gaming. Best camera than 6+.. go for note 4
I love how the s6 has embarrased the iphone.... took long enough; I love how the s6 has embarrased the iphone.... took long enough
samsung note4 is god; samsung note4 is god
iphone is the best tho. . .i use lenovo but get jealous when my friend use iphone without any lag. . .if android phones use 10gb of ram they still got laggy LOL ! xD; iphone is the best tho. . .i use lenovo but get jealous when my friend use iphone without any lag. . .if android phones use 10gb of ram they still got laggy LOL ! xD
Johngir, 28 Jul 2015Long before Apple's domination of Tech-markets, Samsung was King of the Hi-Tech industry and S... moreYes, they MANUFACTURE products, but they DO NOT DESIGN THEM! Apple (as othe tech companies), designs its own hardware and makes Samsung manufacture it, that's it. Funny enough.. Samunsung doesn't design its own hardware...; Yes, they MANUFACTURE products, but they DO NOT DESIGN THEM! Apple (as othe tech companies), designs its own hardware and makes Samsung manufacture it, that's it. Funny enough.. Samunsung doesn't design its own hardware...
Iphone has great design saw Iphone the top brand of the phones i like it god will get iphone more More focus of the phone i want to say something if you buy a new phone please buy iphone dont buy samsung cause SAMSUNG it is low brand of phone if you get phone buy iphone or sony cause they are the top brands of phones any more brands i hate it and thank you :); Iphone has great design saw Iphone the top brand of the phones i like it god will get iphone more More focus of the phone i want to say something if you buy a new phone please buy iphone dont buy samsung cause SAMSUNG it is low brand of phone if you get phone buy iphone or sony cause they are the top brands of phones any more brands i hate it and thank you :)
Anonymous, 27 Jul 2015Traded after 2 weeks for S6. I'm very tech savvy and iOS is just....well designed for simplet... morewell said... :-).. I agree.; well said... :-).. I agree.
Pricezxxx, 28 Jul 2015Iphone is the best...it has most level of quality than other phones..as 1 gb ram is concerned ... morejoking...right?? :); joking...right?? :)
Iphone is the best...it has most level of quality than other phones..as 1 gb ram is concerned apple has chips which they use as processor and newest chip is A9 which is even faster than Samsung s octacore..so with their chip they added an extra boost of 1 gb..even their is no need...display is upto duel-domain + hexacore graphics so what do you want more..Hexacore is level toooo up that samsung hasn't even reach...apple products like macbook air,ipads,iphone,ipod are top of quality on slimness and all other..people say iphone bends no such thing people are using it ..id you apply extreme fource on any other phone like samsung plastic body it will broke into pieces..but to apple quality it doesn't broke but bends and works perfectly. ..bending is thing that can not ve done easily on iphone; Iphone is the best...it has most level of quality than other phones..as 1 gb ram is concerned apple has chips which they use as processor and newest chip is A9 which is even faster than Samsung s octacore..so with their chip they added an extra boost of 1 gb..even their is no need...display is upto duel-domain + hexacore graphics so what do you want more..Hexacore is level toooo up that samsung hasn't even reach...apple products like macbook air,ipads,iphone,ipod are top of quality on slimness and all other..people say iphone bends no such thing people are using it ..id you apply extreme fource on any other phone like samsung plastic body it will broke into pieces..but to apple quality it doesn't broke but bends and works perfectly. ..bending is thing that can not ve done easily on iphone
Long before Apple's domination of Tech-markets, Samsung was King of the Hi-Tech industry and Samsung still the Crowned King of the Tech-World in all fronts... apple, windows, androids lovers open up your smartphones or laptops, desktops... you will see in your devices hardwares, harddrives or even some of the softwares made by Samsung. Samsung also makes some of the things for other companies, they don't even put their name on it.; Long before Apple's domination of Tech-markets, Samsung was King of the Hi-Tech industry and Samsung still the Crowned King of the Tech-World in all fronts... apple, windows, androids lovers open up your smartphones or laptops, desktops... you will see in your devices hardwares, harddrives or even some of the softwares made by Samsung. Samsung also makes some of the things for other companies, they don't even put their name on it.
Anonymous, 27 Jul 2015Traded after 2 weeks for S6. I'm very tech savvy and iOS is just....well designed for simplet... moreLike you said. Simple. Devices are supposed to be simple. 
 
 You buy a washing machine.. WHY? so you do not need to wash with your own hands. Sure you lose the ability to remove stains more effectively as your eyes and hands can, but it benefit outweighs the cons.. save the effort.
 
 Same with iPhone. You bound to lose legacy support, but you trade that for performance and dumb free results. Thats what you want when you are on the move.. you want no nonsense performance. 
 
 If you are truly technical person, you should appreciate this simplicity brought to you by Apple. It meant its really thought thru, what is needed, what is to be dropped, thats what worth the money.
 
 Unlike some company that try to hit and miss, release tons of devices see which one sticks.. and just get a bunch of top specs. Do not get me wrong, both companies are great, but both have different philosophy which have its hate and love. Just that you shouldn't look down on simplicity just because you are technical.; Like you said. Simple. Devices are supposed to be simple.; You buy a washing machine.. WHY? so you do not need to wash with your own hands. Sure you lose the ability to remove stains more effectively as your eyes and hands can, but it benefit outweighs the cons.. save the effort.; Same with iPhone. You bound to lose legacy support, but you trade that for performance and dumb free results. Thats what you want when you are on the move.. you want no nonsense performance.; If you are truly technical person, you should appreciate this simplicity brought to you by Apple. It meant its really thought thru, what is needed, what is to be dropped, thats what worth the money.; Unlike some company that try to hit and miss, release tons of devices see which one sticks.. and just get a bunch of top specs. Do not get me wrong, both companies are great, but both have different philosophy which have its hate and love. Just that you shouldn't look down on simplicity just because you are technical.
Anonymous, 26 Jul 2015No that won't be enough for that person who makes lots of videos and downloads a huge no. Of a... moreYou are right; You are right
Traded after 2 weeks for S6. I'm very tech savvy and iOS is just....well designed for simpletons, no customization, everything seems to be on 1 screen the home page, i mean if i was buying this for my 4 year old it would be easier, but for someone more involved and savvy Android is the way to go - not hating just my experience from actually owning both devices, I tried before i commented. Camera was horrible in comparison for anyone that wants rich, lush, high resolution clear images (may seem clear on iphone low resolution screen until you look on 4k PC/TV monitor). Several, not all, apps that I use opened much quicker on the S6, screen is much higher resolution on the S6, you can record 4k video with Samsung since the note 3 - 3 years ago, since I have 4k PC screen and 4k TV it's a huge plus, NFC (useful to those who use it) has been available with Samsung for 3 years now and Apple JUST NOW implemented it with IP6. Apple pay is years behind as well since i've been paying with my phone since 2013 when I had the Note 3. 1gb memory vs 3gb on S6. 
 
 Well I did what everyone said, and tried before i commented and I wasn't finding what everyone was so stoked about with Apple Products. I just don't see it - unless you are 4 years old and need an extremely simple OS. After research their next gen phone's CPU is being made by Samsung, their screen is made with Samsung's involvement - Apple seems to need a lot of help from Samsung for their products I wonder why?; Traded after 2 weeks for S6. I'm very tech savvy and iOS is just....well designed for simpletons, no customization, everything seems to be on 1 screen the home page, i mean if i was buying this for my 4 year old it would be easier, but for someone more involved and savvy Android is the way to go - not hating just my experience from actually owning both devices, I tried before i commented. Camera was horrible in comparison for anyone that wants rich, lush, high resolution clear images (may seem clear on iphone low resolution screen until you look on 4k PC/TV monitor). Several, not all, apps that I use opened much quicker on the S6, screen is much higher resolution on the S6, you can record 4k video with Samsung since the note 3 - 3 years ago, since I have 4k PC screen and 4k TV it's a huge plus, NFC (useful to those who use it) has been available with Samsung for 3 years now and Apple JUST NOW implemented it with IP6. Apple pay is years behind as well since i've been paying with my phone since 2013 when I had the Note 3. 1gb memory vs 3gb on S6.; Well I did what everyone said, and tried before i commented and I wasn't finding what everyone was so stoked about with Apple Products. I just don't see it - unless you are 4 years old and need an extremely simple OS. After research their next gen phone's CPU is being made by Samsung, their screen is made with Samsung's involvement - Apple seems to need a lot of help from Samsung for their products I wonder why?
Anonymous, 26 Jul 2015I can guarantee they will increase the ppi over 400+ in future model. They always say no to ev... moreYup. They do it when the time is right.
 
 They make sure software / hardware / and mass public demands are acceptable before they proceed with it.
 
 Thats why everything they create is a major hit. And of course it angers people who wants the best specs but did not consider other factors.; Yup. They do it when the time is right.; They make sure software / hardware / and mass public demands are acceptable before they proceed with it.; Thats why everything they create is a major hit. And of course it angers people who wants the best specs but did not consider other factors.
Dingly, 26 Jul 2015I guess they like 326 ppi, which was provided with 4/4S/5/5S screens. They just think it's per... moreI can guarantee they will increase the ppi over 400+ in future model. They always say no to everything at first but end up following the trend anyway. They say no to phablet but end up with iphone 6 plus.; I can guarantee they will increase the ppi over 400+ in future model. They always say no to everything at first but end up following the trend anyway. They say no to phablet but end up with iphone 6 plus.
Anonymous, 22 May 2014Why do Apple refuse to use any sort of standardised resolution for their phone displays? 960 x... moreI guess they like 326 ppi, which was provided with 4/4S/5/5S screens. They just think it's perfect for users. Actually any screen with a pixel density greater than 300 ppi is clear; I guess they like 326 ppi, which was provided with 4/4S/5/5S screens. They just think it's perfect for users. Actually any screen with a pixel density greater than 300 ppi is clear
Just sold my galaxy S5 because of lag. The iphone 6 is so smooth and lag free. I love it already.; Just sold my galaxy S5 because of lag. The iphone 6 is so smooth and lag free. I love it already.
Tesan, 26 Jul 2015Is 16gb enough for apple I phone 6 ?Yes; Yes
Tesan, 26 Jul 2015Is 16gb enough for apple I phone 6 ?No that won't be enough for that person who makes lots of videos and downloads a huge no. Of apps. I personally sold 16 gb version in a week and upgraded to 64 gb one.; No that won't be enough for that person who makes lots of videos and downloads a huge no. Of apps. I personally sold 16 gb version in a week and upgraded to 64 gb one.
Is 16gb enough for apple I phone 6 ?; Is 16gb enough for apple I phone 6 ?
Came from android and using ios is butter smooth.have used it previously but did not take it seriously. But this time just loving it. May b i will b ios user forever.BTW i m using 5s; Came from android and using ios is butter smooth.have used it previously but did not take it seriously. But this time just loving it. May b i will b ios user forever.BTW i m using 5s
i dont find anything so special to upgrade to this phone.Iam now using iphone 5 amd it has same camera resolution and almost same features,it may be little more snappier but not that big difference as i tried my friend's phone.i think s6 or note 4 will be a better choice.....i dont want sony,htc,lg or any other..apple or samsung; i dont find anything so special to upgrade to this phone.Iam now using iphone 5 amd it has same camera resolution and almost same features,it may be little more snappier but not that big difference as i tried my friend's phone.i think s6 or note 4 will be a better choice.....i dont want sony,htc,lg or any other..apple or samsung
apple , samsung , htc are the best; apple , samsung , htc are the best
Ion strengthen glass!!
 
 I didn't see that one coming.
 Is it true??; Ion strengthen glass!!; I didn't see that one coming.; Is it true??
is there any chance iphone 6s to have cortex a72 processor?? that would be nice :); is there any chance iphone 6s to have cortex a72 processor?? that would be nice :)
[deleted post]Results baby. Everything in this world is about results and the task you want to do. Who cares if you have an IQ of 5000 when you cannot even pass elementary maths, you still fail your course.
 
 Whats the use of having a 50k horsepower truck that slug at 50m/h when your purpose is to travel fast?
 
 The sad thing about results is, you never know until you test it out. So stop focusing on specs and use more phones.; Results baby. Everything in this world is about results and the task you want to do. Who cares if you have an IQ of 5000 when you cannot even pass elementary maths, you still fail your course.; Whats the use of having a 50k horsepower truck that slug at 50m/h when your purpose is to travel fast?; The sad thing about results is, you never know until you test it out. So stop focusing on specs and use more phones.
Duel, 23 Jul 2015Coming with iPhone 6sthey are going to make another much affordable and high MP\\; they are going to make another much affordable and high MP\\
monica mourad, 22 Jul 2015i'm not an apple hater or anything but the samsung galaxy s6 is much better in it's camera in ... moreS6 just a copycat phone released 6 mths later. (uni-body, fingerprint touch, no slot, same price). CPU? Camera? Whats the diff? Run candy crush 2x faster? No.. there is no visible improvement in performance for S6 vs iP6.
 
 Wait for Apple's genuine phone 2015.; S6 just a copycat phone released 6 mths later. (uni-body, fingerprint touch, no slot, same price). CPU? Camera? Whats the diff? Run candy crush 2x faster? No.. there is no visible improvement in performance for S6 vs iP6.; Wait for Apple's genuine phone 2015.
Confused between i phone 5s and i phone 6. which one to buy? pls suggest; Confused between i phone 5s and i phone 6. which one to buy? pls suggest
Duel, 11 Jul 2015Have you even owned iPhone? Oh wait, nevermind...if you think that tata and mercedes are same then no comments..; if you think that tata and mercedes are same then no comments..
tata nano and hyundai sonata is not like same, like apple vs samsung; tata nano and hyundai sonata is not like same, like apple vs samsung
Dali, 23 Jul 2015Where is LTE Cat6 support? Coming with iPhone 6s; Coming with iPhone 6s
Anonymous, 22 Jul 2015Not really.. it just mean apple fanboys also have brain. Able to think about it before they us... moreI went to Apple store before. Not the best experience I've got. It's very quiet and empty there. There are a vast array of apple product on the display counter for customer to try. I tried the iphones and ipod and also the ipad. The iphones apps seem locked. I couldn't open any apps at all. All I can do just swipe the screen around and get bored. The employee there don't even try to guide me. The ipad was nice anyway.; I went to Apple store before. Not the best experience I've got. It's very quiet and empty there. There are a vast array of apple product on the display counter for customer to try. I tried the iphones and ipod and also the ipad. The iphones apps seem locked. I couldn't open any apps at all. All I can do just swipe the screen around and get bored. The employee there don't even try to guide me. The ipad was nice anyway.
Where is LTE Cat6 support?; Where is LTE Cat6 support?
Anonymous, 22 Jul 2015Not really.. it just mean apple fanboys also have brain. Able to think about it before they us... morei'm not an apple hater or anything but the samsung galaxy s6 is much better in it's camera in it's proccessor ...and battery !!; i'm not an apple hater or anything but the samsung galaxy s6 is much better in it's camera in it's proccessor ...and battery !!
Haters gonna hate, and let them be. For me this is the best smartphone so far.; Haters gonna hate, and let them be. For me this is the best smartphone so far.
Iphone mobiles awsome looks,, no any differnt device is compare..; Iphone mobiles awsome looks,, no any differnt device is compare..
Pear, 21 Jul 2015I wonder what compels iphone fans to just lie and pretend in order to change someone else's op... moreNot really.. it just mean apple fanboys also have brain. Able to think about it before they use it.
 
 This iPhone 6 have already receive tons of negative comments due to Apple haters who most already have anger management issues with Apple, this affect normal people who might already have existing iPhones.
 
 But the truth never lies, when you get into the Apple store and try it out, you will realise all the negative comments are the real lies.; Not really.. it just mean apple fanboys also have brain. Able to think about it before they use it.; This iPhone 6 have already receive tons of negative comments due to Apple haters who most already have anger management issues with Apple, this affect normal people who might already have existing iPhones.; But the truth never lies, when you get into the Apple store and try it out, you will realise all the negative comments are the real lies.
Iphone 6 is the best phone from what i can see. u 
 know why because i have used both android and iphone and by my experience iphone is much better but the camera is not the best neither a mediocre but good enough and if u can accept camera quality the rest is much better then other flagships; Iphone 6 is the best phone from what i can see. u; know why because i have used both android and iphone and by my experience iphone is much better but the camera is not the best neither a mediocre but good enough and if u can accept camera quality the rest is much better then other flagships
it's a fight between us .... not in Apple vs Samsung; it's a fight between us .... not in Apple vs Samsung
Naho, 21 Jul 2015People be like, iPhone suc*s or whatever including myself but yesterday when I go the phone st... moreI wonder what compels iphone fans to just lie and pretend in order to change someone else's opinion...so you open your post with "people, including me, think this phone sucks" and then something about you trying it "for the first time yesterday" and it's supposedly amazing. And then, funnily enough, the next paragraph you say how it runs better than the iphone 5s for heavy gaming??? Mate, you are obviously an iphone user and a previous iphone user as well! It's fine you like it, but don't lie so you can pretend you are making an "objective opinion"...trust me, most android flagship users are not this gullible x; I wonder what compels iphone fans to just lie and pretend in order to change someone else's opinion...so you open your post with "people, including me, think this phone sucks" and then something about you trying it "for the first time yesterday" and it's supposedly amazing. And then, funnily enough, the next paragraph you say how it runs better than the iphone 5s for heavy gaming??? Mate, you are obviously an iphone user and a previous iphone user as well! It's fine you like it, but don't lie so you can pretend you are making an "objective opinion"...trust me, most android flagship users are not this gullible x
alright init; alright init
People be like, iPhone suc*s or whatever including myself but yesterday when I go the phone store and I try this phone for the first time, damn! it doesn't su*k! It does overpriced but this isn't a bad phone at all.
 
 My first impression was:
 Feels great, you know... lightweight, solid and nice in hand.
 The OS itself ain't bad as I thought, it's snappy and super easy to navigate.
 The camera app kinda complicated though. but the result is great.
 And it runs nice and cold when I use it for a heavy gaming unlike the 5s.
 
 So if you haven't tried the phone by yourself, don't judge .
 Try it and you'll know it.; People be like, iPhone suc*s or whatever including myself but yesterday when I go the phone store and I try this phone for the first time, damn! it doesn't su*k! It does overpriced but this isn't a bad phone at all.; My first impression was:; Feels great, you know... lightweight, solid and nice in hand.; The OS itself ain't bad as I thought, it's snappy and super easy to navigate.; The camera app kinda complicated though. but the result is great.; And it runs nice and cold when I use it for a heavy gaming unlike the 5s.; So if you haven't tried the phone by yourself, don't judge .; Try it and you'll know it.
Mi Company Mi SmartPhone is the only Phone can Beat Apple / iPhone 6 or 6 +++; Mi Company Mi SmartPhone is the only Phone can Beat Apple / iPhone 6 or 6 +++
No phone in the world can defeat iPhone.
 
 Some tried to mimic it.. like Samsung.
 Some sell their phone dirt cheap.
 
 Other then that, there is no way iPhone can be defeated.
 
 Because what makes a good phone is not how great the specs is, its how great it perform some key task. So better copy iPhone, or prepare to sell those phone cheap.. real cheap.; No phone in the world can defeat iPhone.; Some tried to mimic it.. like Samsung.; Some sell their phone dirt cheap.; Other then that, there is no way iPhone can be defeated.; Because what makes a good phone is not how great the specs is, its how great it perform some key task. So better copy iPhone, or prepare to sell those phone cheap.. real cheap.
Pear, 16 Jul 2015You swear I am not bright? Good sentence and logic there xSo you are attacking my grammar. Really?; So you are attacking my grammar. Really?
Anonymous, 20 Jul 2015True. Most iphone user start treating their iphone 6 and iphone 6 plus as a Kindle device. The... more "No one use them to take pictures."
 
 Wait wha!?!?!? :D and that's why iPhone is most used camera in the world because no-one use it...; "No one use them to take pictures."; Wait wha!?!?!? :D and that's why iPhone is most used camera in the world because no-one use it...
menO, 18 Jul 2015apple should definetely improve the front camera resolution....comparing to android flagship i... moreTrue. Most iphone user start treating their iphone 6 and iphone 6 plus as a Kindle device. They end up using it only for reading. I seen a lot of news broadcast and 90% of the smartphone they use are iphone 6 plus and you guessed it, these newscaster use it to read the news. Iphone have been downgraded into a broadcasting purpose devices. No one use them to take pictures. Ipad can be liken as an expensive Kindle. I rather buy a cheap Nikon or Canon camera to take high quality 4K pictures than using my iphone. It look more professional. Sometimes I hope Nikon or Canon could make smartphone for us.; True. Most iphone user start treating their iphone 6 and iphone 6 plus as a Kindle device. They end up using it only for reading. I seen a lot of news broadcast and 90% of the smartphone they use are iphone 6 plus and you guessed it, these newscaster use it to read the news. Iphone have been downgraded into a broadcasting purpose devices. No one use them to take pictures. Ipad can be liken as an expensive Kindle. I rather buy a cheap Nikon or Canon camera to take high quality 4K pictures than using my iphone. It look more professional. Sometimes I hope Nikon or Canon could make smartphone for us.
The screen is too fragile When I bought my IPhone in U.S. I took apple care for 100 $ as well and it's of no use in India , so it was a waste .meanwhile my screen has crashed 2 times This was unheard of with the earlier iPhone models Like someone said with the passing away of Steve Jobbs the quality is not the same I'm deeply disappointed.; The screen is too fragile When I bought my IPhone in U.S. I took apple care for 100 $ as well and it's of no use in India , so it was a waste .meanwhile my screen has crashed 2 times This was unheard of with the earlier iPhone models Like someone said with the passing away of Steve Jobbs the quality is not the same I'm deeply disappointed.
gaba, 20 Jul 2015ASUS ZF2, LG G4, GALAXY S6, is definitely better than iphone 6. But not the 6 plus1st one Never heard of, 2nd is Low grade and 3rd is over marketed and is over Rated!
 IPhone is still superior!!! Hehe; 1st one Never heard of, 2nd is Low grade and 3rd is over marketed and is over Rated!; IPhone is still superior!!! Hehe
ASUS ZF2, LG G4, GALAXY S6, is definitely better than iphone 6. But not the 6 plus; ASUS ZF2, LG G4, GALAXY S6, is definitely better than iphone 6. But not the 6 plus
Camera is superb though especially its slow motion feature. Fingerprint responds soooo fast. Stable system(no lags 98%). A brand that you can show off.. haha.. But i still prefer note 4.; Camera is superb though especially its slow motion feature. Fingerprint responds soooo fast. Stable system(no lags 98%). A brand that you can show off.. haha.. But i still prefer note 4.
well, iPhone is best as its always pertaining to OS however, android phones ryt now is way far more better than iphone devices by means of its features such as ip#__proofing, sensors, camera modes, durability(except for 5/5s--tank-like house casing), battery(wherein iphone6/6+ is getting better), and connectivity as well.. An iphone user before for months but shifted to android(note4) now. Lags can be avoided by enabling the option, "kill running apps as soon the user exits" under DEVELOPER MANAGER on settings or simply manually killing it by viewing running apps. Iphone 5/5s design is the best. Never thoiught of having 6gen. Materuial is so weak though, can be bend sooooo easily; well, iPhone is best as its always pertaining to OS however, android phones ryt now is way far more better than iphone devices by means of its features such as ip#__proofing, sensors, camera modes, durability(except for 5/5s--tank-like house casing), battery(wherein iphone6/6+ is getting better), and connectivity as well.. An iphone user before for months but shifted to android(note4) now. Lags can be avoided by enabling the option, "kill running apps as soon the user exits" under DEVELOPER MANAGER on settings or simply manually killing it by viewing running apps. Iphone 5/5s design is the best. Never thoiught of having 6gen. Materuial is so weak though, can be bend sooooo easily
Cool logo; Cool logo
Its really good for all. what a fantastic resolution of camera. So I like it; Its really good for all. what a fantastic resolution of camera. So I like it
apple should definetely improve the front camera resolution....comparing to android flagship its a lot behind...not at all meant for selfies...the photos are appering good but there is no details in it and lot of digital noises; apple should definetely improve the front camera resolution....comparing to android flagship its a lot behind...not at all meant for selfies...the photos are appering good but there is no details in it and lot of digital noises
Cant wait for the iPhone 6s. 
 They need to improve just a few things. Camera, battery life and maybe ram (faster ram would be nice, although I have zero problems with the ram in my iPhone 6).; Cant wait for the iPhone 6s.; They need to improve just a few things. Camera, battery life and maybe ram (faster ram would be nice, although I have zero problems with the ram in my iPhone 6).
anonymous mad; anonymous mad
max power, 15 Jul 2015It's amazing to me how a phone with a dual core processor and one gig of ram is so fast and fl... moreI agree, I also happen to have a the moment an Phone 6 and a Galaxy S4 but i put the blame on Samsung and their Android skin, HTC and Sony use very light skins and the results are clear. Their phones don't stutter and lag like Samsung Galaxy phones do.; I agree, I also happen to have a the moment an Phone 6 and a Galaxy S4 but i put the blame on Samsung and their Android skin, HTC and Sony use very light skins and the results are clear. Their phones don't stutter and lag like Samsung Galaxy phones do.
Anonymous, 15 Jul 2015Highly unlikely. Apple consider Notifications as optional, rather then mandatory ever since iO... moreGood point, notification led also uses up battery life so its good not to have it. Who's waiting for the iPhone 6s here?; Good point, notification led also uses up battery life so its good not to have it. Who's waiting for the iPhone 6s here?
Nj, 14 Jul 2015Hi all, I've iPhone 4s 8GB And I've upgraded my OS to 8.4 now it is showing just 500 MB le... moreNewer version of ios and apps takes almost 8 gb space. Only option left for you is install your older version so that you can get more free space; Newer version of ios and apps takes almost 8 gb space. Only option left for you is install your older version so that you can get more free space
Anonymous, 17 Jul 2015Forbs did post it on their site and pearl does have a point they are very biased towards anyth... moreForbes isn't the source of that test, they just wrote the news about that like many many others mobile blogs.; Forbes isn't the source of that test, they just wrote the news about that like many many others mobile blogs.
http://www.ibtimes.com/newly-purchased-apple-iph­one-6-explodes-india-1980853?rel=rel1
This is the best phone in the world.....; This is the best phone in the world.....
Anonymous, 17 Jul 2015Forbs did post it on their site and pearl does have a point they are very biased towards anyth... moreSorry pear called you pearl lol.; Sorry pear called you pearl lol.
Duel, 16 Jul 2015Forbes has nothing to do with that article.Forbs did post it on their site and pearl does have a point they are very biased towards anything American made. There also known for putting a lot of made up rubbish from all over the web on their site.; Forbs did post it on their site and pearl does have a point they are very biased towards anything American made. There also known for putting a lot of made up rubbish from all over the web on their site.
Pear, 16 Jul 2015Do you think you can get away with this? Those articles came out last year...the iphone 6 was ... moreForbes has nothing to do with that article.; Forbes has nothing to do with that article.
Anonymous, 15 Jul 2015http://www.forbes.com/sites/paulmonckton/2014/09/29/iphone-6-and-iphone-6-plus-rated-best-ever... moreDo you think you can get away with this? Those articles came out last year...the iphone 6 was the last big phone of 2014...and even then, i remember reading a lot of conflicting reviews...and stop showing me forbes, that magazine is practically owned by apple, every "tech" article they write is usually a love odyssey to apple, instead of an objective overlook...; Do you think you can get away with this? Those articles came out last year...the iphone 6 was the last big phone of 2014...and even then, i remember reading a lot of conflicting reviews...and stop showing me forbes, that magazine is practically owned by apple, every "tech" article they write is usually a love odyssey to apple, instead of an objective overlook...
Prozak0820, 14 Jul 2015I just joined so how could you say again. I don't try to convince people the iPhone takes the ... moreYou swear I am not bright? Good sentence and logic there x; You swear I am not bright? Good sentence and logic there x
The coming of iOS9 will make a already best phone even better.
 
 Can't say for other brands. While Android users are overtly concern about the specs, this awesome phone show us results is what matters.; The coming of iOS9 will make a already best phone even better.; Can't say for other brands. While Android users are overtly concern about the specs, this awesome phone show us results is what matters.
Anonymous, 15 Jul 2015I had a very terrible experience with iPhone 6 plus when I had to go to iPhone store to repair... moreYou must have bad luck. I or anyone i know hasn't had this problem. the only time they have gone into the store is to see what apple could do about their cracked screen.; You must have bad luck. I or anyone i know hasn't had this problem. the only time they have gone into the store is to see what apple could do about their cracked screen.
Anonymous, 15 Jul 2015http://www.forbes.com/sites/paulmonckton/2014/09/29/iphone-6-and-iphone-6-plus-rated-best-ever... moreYou just owned yourself lol them reviews are from last year look at the date they was posted at top of the pages. They don't compare to this years smartphone cameras.; You just owned yourself lol them reviews are from last year look at the date they was posted at top of the pages. They don't compare to this years smartphone cameras.
Pear, 14 Jul 2015Actually Optical Image Stabilization has to do with low light pics as well. Well done for insu... morehttp://www.forbes.com/sites/paulmonckton/2014/09­/29/iphone-6-and-iphone-6-plus-rated-best-ever-c­amera-phones-in-respected-benchmark-but-with-som­e-unexpected-results/ 
 
 http://www.techradar.com/us/news/phone-and-commu­nications/mobile-phones/experts-declare-the-ipho­ne-6-camera-the-best-ever-on-a-smartphone-126681­5 
 
 you got owned pear. the iphone6 has the best camera for mobile phones.; you got owned pear. the iphone6 has the best camera for mobile phones.
I had a very terrible experience with iPhone 6 plus when I had to go to iPhone store to repair mic and volume issue. Within 3 months of buying the phone I had to visit the store for repair and they did many diagnostic test and eventually gave me another phone. Within 1 month I had to visit 2x for repair. I am fed up with booking appointment which takes 4-5 days as they are so called busy. I also had to wait 2-3 hrs to get the service done. I cannot spend half of my day at the store to repair a phone when I bought it for so much. If the device is giving me this much of trouble within 6 months and seeing so many people at the store to repair the phone more than to purchase, it shows a clear indication that the hype about iPhone is fake. I don't know how many others feel similar to my experience but just haven't reported. I prefer to go to Samsung as it never gave me a bad experience. I have used do many phone and never had to write a comment about it. 
 
 If others feel the same it needs to be reported as we pay so much money for the phones. They shouldn't rob us of our money and time for any phone. 
 
 Thank you; I had a very terrible experience with iPhone 6 plus when I had to go to iPhone store to repair mic and volume issue. Within 3 months of buying the phone I had to visit the store for repair and they did many diagnostic test and eventually gave me another phone. Within 1 month I had to visit 2x for repair. I am fed up with booking appointment which takes 4-5 days as they are so called busy. I also had to wait 2-3 hrs to get the service done. I cannot spend half of my day at the store to repair a phone when I bought it for so much. If the device is giving me this much of trouble within 6 months and seeing so many people at the store to repair the phone more than to purchase, it shows a clear indication that the hype about iPhone is fake. I don't know how many others feel similar to my experience but just haven't reported. I prefer to go to Samsung as it never gave me a bad experience. I have used do many phone and never had to write a comment about it.; If others feel the same it needs to be reported as we pay so much money for the phones. They shouldn't rob us of our money and time for any phone.; Thank you
This device has a very stable OS which all users 
 needs. However, even though it is a lag-free handset
 some people prefer devices that has more additional
 features(even some of it are useless) such as 
 barometer, humidity, etc. plus features like water proof,
 shock prof, etc. Another thing, 5s is the best design
 compared to what design you use for 6 iphone generations; This device has a very stable OS which all users; needs. However, even though it is a lag-free handset; some people prefer devices that has more additional; features(even some of it are useless) such as; barometer, humidity, etc. plus features like water proof,; shock prof, etc. Another thing, 5s is the best design; compared to what design you use for 6 iphone generations
It's amazing to me how a phone with a dual core processor and one gig of ram is so fast and fluid. Sure IOS is very simple and that might attribute to it being so snappy ,but it is really sad to see that most Android manufacturers having 4-8 cores and 2-3gb of ram and still lag.. I understand that Android is more open and has far more customization options but sometimes they don't outweigh the real problem here.. which is lag and stuttering. I am not an Apple fanboy i just say things the way they are.. I'm rocking a Galaxy Note 4 and i love it but couldn't help to point out how well optimized IOS is.; It's amazing to me how a phone with a dual core processor and one gig of ram is so fast and fluid. Sure IOS is very simple and that might attribute to it being so snappy ,but it is really sad to see that most Android manufacturers having 4-8 cores and 2-3gb of ram and still lag.. I understand that Android is more open and has far more customization options but sometimes they don't outweigh the real problem here.. which is lag and stuttering. I am not an Apple fanboy i just say things the way they are.. I'm rocking a Galaxy Note 4 and i love it but couldn't help to point out how well optimized IOS is.
Nj, 14 Jul 2015Hi all, I've iPhone 4s 8GB And I've upgraded my OS to 8.4 now it is showing just 500 MB le... moretry clean master or battery doctor. its only a small but powerful app. when i used clean master in my wife's fone iphone 4s, i was able to recover 1.2 gig due to temp files and cache that are left by installing and browsing. in newer gadgets like my ipad mini 2, i used battery doctor coz it has that same feature that the clean master has. i used it coz clean master lost that feature for the ipad mini. btw they have the same maker. hope this helps; try clean master or battery doctor. its only a small but powerful app. when i used clean master in my wife's fone iphone 4s, i was able to recover 1.2 gig due to temp files and cache that are left by installing and browsing. in newer gadgets like my ipad mini 2, i used battery doctor coz it has that same feature that the clean master has. i used it coz clean master lost that feature for the ipad mini. btw they have the same maker. hope this helps
Pluto, 14 Jul 2015I just wish apples phone had a notification led light. I hope they put it in their next phones... moreHighly unlikely. Apple consider Notifications as optional, rather then mandatory ever since iOS4.
 
 Their Notification center requires no maintenance and no need to cancel those notifications. 
 
 They prefer you to look at the phone when you have the time. Rather then force you onto your phone. So that you can focus on your real life. Badges tells you silently which apps got updates, and its up to you to answer them when you choose.; Highly unlikely. Apple consider Notifications as optional, rather then mandatory ever since iOS4.; Their Notification center requires no maintenance and no need to cancel those notifications.; They prefer you to look at the phone when you have the time. Rather then force you onto your phone. So that you can focus on your real life. Badges tells you silently which apps got updates, and its up to you to answer them when you choose.
I just wish apples phone had a notification led light. I hope they put it in their next phones coz its really convenient to just look at the phone and know u have a message.; I just wish apples phone had a notification led light. I hope they put it in their next phones coz its really convenient to just look at the phone and know u have a message.
Duel, 14 Jul 2015"You aren't very bright are you Optical Image Stabilization (OIS) has nothing to do with ... moreYea i just read that but it makes such little difference that 90% of people wouldn't know or wouldn't care. i saw just a little bit of noise reduction that was it. nothing else.; Yea i just read that but it makes such little difference that 90% of people wouldn't know or wouldn't care. i saw just a little bit of noise reduction that was it. nothing else.
Prozak0820, 14 Jul 2015You aren't very bright are you Optical Image Stabilization (OIS) has nothing to do with better... more"You aren't very bright are you Optical Image Stabilization (OIS) has nothing to do with better low light it helps keep the image from getting blurry when you are moving/shaking."
 
 You know those are same thing right? :D when you shoot low light you have to keep the phone very steady to not get blur image, so of course OIS helps with low light photos to get those sharp images.; "You aren't very bright are you Optical Image Stabilization (OIS) has nothing to do with better low light it helps keep the image from getting blurry when you are moving/shaking."; You know those are same thing right? :D when you shoot low light you have to keep the phone very steady to not get blur image, so of course OIS helps with low light photos to get those sharp images.
Pear, 14 Jul 2015Actually Optical Image Stabilization has to do with low light pics as well. Well done for insu... morethe way you are saying it ,it sounds like you are saying it's worthless .it still has a very nice camera and apple did a very good job making it .stop insulting i phone or apple; the way you are saying it ,it sounds like you are saying it's worthless .it still has a very nice camera and apple did a very good job making it .stop insulting i phone or apple
Prozak0820, 14 Jul 2015I just joined so how could you say again. I don't try to convince people the iPhone takes the ... more"Theoretically OIS could also offer an advantage in low light settings by allowing the shutter to stay open slightly longer without experiencing motion blur."
 I looked at different pictures with and without OIS and there is barely a difference unless you actually look close at a picture.; "Theoretically OIS could also offer an advantage in low light settings by allowing the shutter to stay open slightly longer without experiencing motion blur."; I looked at different pictures with and without OIS and there is barely a difference unless you actually look close at a picture.
JASNEET, 14 Jul 2015yes thereis a secondry camera and it has a good quality then dslrAre you trying to state it has a better quality than DSLR lol; Are you trying to state it has a better quality than DSLR lol
Nj, 14 Jul 2015Hi all, I've iPhone 4s 8GB And I've upgraded my OS to 8.4 now it is showing just 500 MB le... moreI would consider to restore the iPhone but wait it out a little until i or someone else can help you. I can't do a lot since I'm on iOS 9. but ill try to figure it out; I would consider to restore the iPhone but wait it out a little until i or someone else can help you. I can't do a lot since I'm on iOS 9. but ill try to figure it out
Pear, 14 Jul 2015Actually Optical Image Stabilization has to do with low light pics as well. Well done for insu... moreI just joined so how could you say again. I don't try to convince people the iPhone takes the best pictures or that it has amazing battery life. so get your head out of your rear end. You must think I'm someone else. And why would you think my only source is Apple i swear you aren't bright.; I just joined so how could you say again. I don't try to convince people the iPhone takes the best pictures or that it has amazing battery life. so get your head out of your rear end. You must think I'm someone else. And why would you think my only source is Apple i swear you aren't bright.
Hi all, 
 I've iPhone 4s 8GB
 And I've upgraded my OS to 8.4
 now it is showing just 500 MB left 
 however, apps and media files are of 2.5 GB only 
 please help me, how can i get space again 
 earlier there was 3GB left with all the apps and media .
 Please help; Hi all,; I've iPhone 4s 8GB; And I've upgraded my OS to 8.4; now it is showing just 500 MB left; however, apps and media files are of 2.5 GB only; please help me, how can i get space again; earlier there was 3GB left with all the apps and media .; Please help
Pear, 14 Jul 2015Actually Optical Image Stabilization has to do with low light pics as well. Well done for insu... moreLol i just joined this; Lol i just joined this
Prozak0820, 14 Jul 2015You aren't very bright are you Optical Image Stabilization (OIS) has nothing to do with better... moreActually Optical Image Stabilization has to do with low light pics as well. Well done for insulting a person without knowing anything again. You still try to convince people here that iphone 6 somehow takes the best pics or has amazing battery life, despite no one, and i mean not one single person in the publicized tech industry believes so. Stop spreading lies. You have to get another source of income outside apple....; Actually Optical Image Stabilization has to do with low light pics as well. Well done for insulting a person without knowing anything again. You still try to convince people here that iphone 6 somehow takes the best pics or has amazing battery life, despite no one, and i mean not one single person in the publicized tech industry believes so. Stop spreading lies. You have to get another source of income outside apple....
Prozak0820, 14 Jul 2015You aren't very bright are you Optical Image Stabilization (OIS) has nothing to do with better... moreclassic lol!; classic lol!
Indian Boy, 10 Jul 2015Nokia 830 takes better low light photo than Iphone 6. Because Nokia 830 has a Optical Image St... moreYou aren't very bright are you Optical Image Stabilization (OIS) has nothing to do with better low light it helps keep the image from getting blurry when you are moving/shaking.; You aren't very bright are you Optical Image Stabilization (OIS) has nothing to do with better low light it helps keep the image from getting blurry when you are moving/shaking.
Duel, 11 Jul 2015Have you even owned iPhone? Oh wait, nevermind...lol you think the camera is better. are you now of those people that think more megapixels is always better if so thats not true.; lol you think the camera is better. are you now of those people that think more megapixels is always better if so thats not true.
maya, 14 Jul 2015the camera is juz 8mp but the oppo R1 got 13mp and 5 mp secondary. do iphone 6 have a secondar... moreThe iPhone does have a secondary camera. Its the front facing camera its 1.3mp and megapixels don't always matter the iPhone 6 can beat half of the phone cameras even though its just 8 megapixels.; The iPhone does have a secondary camera. Its the front facing camera its 1.3mp and megapixels don't always matter the iPhone 6 can beat half of the phone cameras even though its just 8 megapixels.
PKP, 14 Jul 2015Does iPhone 6 supports Wireless charging?No it does not; No it does not
Anonymous, 14 Jul 2015iPhone gives you consistent battery performance, year after year. Regardless of the number of ... moreCan't believe anything you say. iPhone is good but to say the battery is best just makes me think you don't own one. Pefetic!!!!; Can't believe anything you say. iPhone is good but to say the battery is best just makes me think you don't own one. Pefetic!!!!
PKP, 14 Jul 2015Does iPhone 6 supports Wireless charging?No it doesn't but you can buy a wireless receiver which can be purchased from Amazon quite cheap. It slots in the charger slot and folds around the back and sticks to the iPhone. You can still put a case on the phone because the QI receiver is not much thicker than paper. Works perfectly with all my QI wireless chargers.; No it doesn't but you can buy a wireless receiver which can be purchased from Amazon quite cheap. It slots in the charger slot and folds around the back and sticks to the iPhone. You can still put a case on the phone because the QI receiver is not much thicker than paper. Works perfectly with all my QI wireless chargers.
Hi all, 
 I've iPhone 4s 8GB
 And I've upgraded my OS to 8.4
 now it is showing just 500 MB left 
 however, apps and media files are of 2.5 GB only 
 please help me, how can i get space again 
 earlier there was 3GB left with all the apps and media .
 Please help; Hi all,; I've iPhone 4s 8GB; And I've upgraded my OS to 8.4; now it is showing just 500 MB left; however, apps and media files are of 2.5 GB only; please help me, how can i get space again; earlier there was 3GB left with all the apps and media .; Please help
Does iPhone 6 supports Wireless charging?; Does iPhone 6 supports Wireless charging?
maya, 14 Jul 2015the camera is juz 8mp but the oppo R1 got 13mp and 5 mp secondary. do iphone 6 have a secondar... moreFrom which planet are u from?; From which planet are u from?
maya, 14 Jul 2015the camera is juz 8mp but the oppo R1 got 13mp and 5 mp secondary. do iphone 6 have a secondar... moreyes thereis a secondry camera and it has a good quality then dslr; yes thereis a secondry camera and it has a good quality then dslr
Anonymous, 14 Jul 2015iPhone gives you consistent battery performance, year after year. Regardless of the number of ... moreI sometimes wonder if you are being paid to say these lies. iphones are notoriously bad for battery life...i used to have friends who had to charge their iphones after 2 hours of usage and that was 6-7 months into buying the product. Have a look on the internet...battery problems are the nr 1 problems when it comes to iphones...i am not saying that Androids don't have problems too, they do, a lot of them...but nowadays most flagship Android devices actually do have ultra power saving modes...my friend's A5 can give 5-6 days of usage in black and white or over 2 days with heavy usage in 3G...mate, the stuff you say is so ridiculous, you clearly have no idea what's available on the market...stop living in a bubble...read...knowledge is power x; I sometimes wonder if you are being paid to say these lies. iphones are notoriously bad for battery life...i used to have friends who had to charge their iphones after 2 hours of usage and that was 6-7 months into buying the product. Have a look on the internet...battery problems are the nr 1 problems when it comes to iphones...i am not saying that Androids don't have problems too, they do, a lot of them...but nowadays most flagship Android devices actually do have ultra power saving modes...my friend's A5 can give 5-6 days of usage in black and white or over 2 days with heavy usage in 3G...mate, the stuff you say is so ridiculous, you clearly have no idea what's available on the market...stop living in a bubble...read...knowledge is power x
maya, 14 Jul 2015the camera is juz 8mp but the oppo R1 got 13mp and 5 mp secondary. do iphone 6 have a secondar... moreI am an Android user and in all fairness, the megapixels are not super important (that is especially what iphone defenders will tell you). the iphone 6 camera is the best 8MP camera on the market. However, is it the best? Not by a mile, most likely not even in the top 10....and iphone 6 does have some terrible front camera, but it's like 1 MP or something like that, they don't want to spend too much on quality because 1. they need to maximize their profits and 2. when they will increase the MP to 3 or 5 in 2017 and iphone fans will believe that igod invented that and will go crazy....; I am an Android user and in all fairness, the megapixels are not super important (that is especially what iphone defenders will tell you). the iphone 6 camera is the best 8MP camera on the market. However, is it the best? Not by a mile, most likely not even in the top 10....and iphone 6 does have some terrible front camera, but it's like 1 MP or something like that, they don't want to spend too much on quality because 1. they need to maximize their profits and 2. when they will increase the MP to 3 or 5 in 2017 and iphone fans will believe that igod invented that and will go crazy....
the camera is juz 8mp but the oppo R1 got 13mp and 5 mp secondary. do iphone 6 have a secondary camera?; the camera is juz 8mp but the oppo R1 got 13mp and 5 mp secondary. do iphone 6 have a secondary camera?
freakfor1, 13 Jul 2015Are you really sure about that ? coz am about to buy iphone 6 just because i have heard appl... moreiPhone gives you consistent battery performance, year after year. Regardless of the number of apps installed.
 
 Android can have your battery drain like mad if there is a rouge app running, or you have tons of apps running.
 
 Basically buying iPhone is like having an Android on Power saving mode, while having access to the full feature of performance mode.; iPhone gives you consistent battery performance, year after year. Regardless of the number of apps installed.; Android can have your battery drain like mad if there is a rouge app running, or you have tons of apps running.; Basically buying iPhone is like having an Android on Power saving mode, while having access to the full feature of performance mode.
Anonymous, 13 Jul 2015You cant find another phone of the same formfactor / performance with bigger battery. Trust... moreI never care about formfactor or thickness of the phone. I always thought thicker is better because they have bigger battery. Can you explain more about this Li-po and Li-on battery comparison. I never notice the differences.; I never care about formfactor or thickness of the phone. I always thought thicker is better because they have bigger battery. Can you explain more about this Li-po and Li-on battery comparison. I never notice the differences.
mohderam, 13 Jul 2015iPhone 6 battery lost longer compare to other android phones in REAL world.Are you really sure about that ? 
 coz am about to buy iphone 6 just because i have heard apple has better battery life then any android smartphone.
 Please advice. thank you so much; Are you really sure about that ?; coz am about to buy iphone 6 just because i have heard apple has better battery life then any android smartphone.; Please advice. thank you so much
Anonymous, 09 Jul 2015Why are you even commenting here. Go comment under some lagging Android ahahhahhaaahahah , this is exactly why iv'e choosen apple; ahahhahhaaahahah , this is exactly why iv'e choosen apple
iPhone 6 battery lost longer compare to other android phones in REAL world.; iPhone 6 battery lost longer compare to other android phones in REAL world.
Anonymous, 13 Jul 2015Well said! I don't hate Apple but i hate iphone. I only love Apple ipad. Ipad is amazing in ev... moreYou cant find another phone of the same formfactor / performance with bigger battery.
 
 Trust me. Go do the HxDxW measurement of all the phones with large battery, and compare the dimension with this iPhone. See if you can get one with lesser volume but greater battery, and yet have good performance.
 
 Plus do note, iPhone uses Li-po instead of Li-ion.. So that in fact makes it less denser then those Li-ion.. meaning they can not cramp as much mAH as those Li-ion, but it has greater quality and retain their charge longer. 
 
 When you open iPhone up, you realize they use every complete space of the phone.. NO wasted space is ever found in iPhone. Every component picked by Apple is top of the line, and consider user instead of their pockets.; You cant find another phone of the same formfactor / performance with bigger battery.; Trust me. Go do the HxDxW measurement of all the phones with large battery, and compare the dimension with this iPhone. See if you can get one with lesser volume but greater battery, and yet have good performance.; Plus do note, iPhone uses Li-po instead of Li-ion.. So that in fact makes it less denser then those Li-ion.. meaning they can not cramp as much mAH as those Li-ion, but it has greater quality and retain their charge longer.; When you open iPhone up, you realize they use every complete space of the phone.. NO wasted space is ever found in iPhone. Every component picked by Apple is top of the line, and consider user instead of their pockets.
i heard people saying "one never fed up using iphone"......i think its not because of getting good OS support but its because iphone is full of restrictions and one never get satisfaction from it; i heard people saying "one never fed up using iphone"......i think its not because of getting good OS support but its because iphone is full of restrictions and one never get satisfaction from it
Anonymous, 11 Jul 2015Iphone with 64bit processor + battery 1800mah verry bad product... Why? If u use it to social ... moreWell said! I don't hate Apple but i hate iphone. I only love Apple ipad. Ipad is amazing in every single way but iphone is lacking in every direction. I see more people using ipad than iphone. Even my friend told me not to buy iphone but buy ipad instead which is 100times better. The ipad air have 8600mah battery and they put this tiny tiny weeny 1810mah battery in the flagship iphone 6! Useless phone ever. I could buy a non-flagship midrange android smartphone with 3000mah battery with lower price. No sd slot is fine. No removable battery is fine. But small battery is unforgivable. Even iphone 6+ doesn't satisfied me.; Well said! I don't hate Apple but i hate iphone. I only love Apple ipad. Ipad is amazing in every single way but iphone is lacking in every direction. I see more people using ipad than iphone. Even my friend told me not to buy iphone but buy ipad instead which is 100times better. The ipad air have 8600mah battery and they put this tiny tiny weeny 1810mah battery in the flagship iphone 6! Useless phone ever. I could buy a non-flagship midrange android smartphone with 3000mah battery with lower price. No sd slot is fine. No removable battery is fine. But small battery is unforgivable. Even iphone 6+ doesn't satisfied me.
You can't say iphone is a true smartphone. To manage the iphone you always need a computer. But in case of Android you don't need. You can download files edit them and then save to the Phone memory. I am currently using samsung galaxy note 4 and this is the best smartphone. Before I was using iphone 6 but just hate the restrictions.go and think about it.; You can't say iphone is a true smartphone. To manage the iphone you always need a computer. But in case of Android you don't need. You can download files edit them and then save to the Phone memory. I am currently using samsung galaxy note 4 and this is the best smartphone. Before I was using iphone 6 but just hate the restrictions.go and think about it.
jhonyxz9000, 12 Jul 2015hi guys, i am thinking of buying a iphone6 16 gb. how is the battery life now ? i will use out... moreDon't buy iPhone 6 wait two months and buy 6s etc. Or atleast wait and see what it has to offer its so close already to miss.; Don't buy iPhone 6 wait two months and buy 6s etc. Or atleast wait and see what it has to offer its so close already to miss.
hi guys, i am thinking of buying a iphone6 16 gb. how is the battery life now ? i will use outlook and constant whatsapp and other apps on my ph . then in a day how many times need to charge it ? and is the memory enough for the usage?; hi guys, i am thinking of buying a iphone6 16 gb. how is the battery life now ? i will use outlook and constant whatsapp and other apps on my ph . then in a day how many times need to charge it ? and is the memory enough for the usage?
swirly, 11 Jul 2015Because it's their money and/or they like the phone? Seriously, just troll somewhere else.It's their money....that's your respond 
 Oh.. Apple fans; It's their money....that's your respond; Oh.. Apple fans
Diogo0305, 11 Jul 2015It's so bad... that i just don't understand why would anyone pay 650 Dollars for it when you h... moreHave you even owned iPhone? Oh wait, nevermind...; Have you even owned iPhone? Oh wait, nevermind...
Iphone with 64bit processor + battery 1800mah verry bad product... Why? If u use it to social media,browsing,play game u need charge it twice/more?? Very expensive than other but the battery life very poor? Why u dont ipad for better experience. Play game? Work? With 64bit n more battery life. I love apple ipad product. But iphone? I think xz3 better for daily use..; Iphone with 64bit processor + battery 1800mah verry bad product... Why? If u use it to social media,browsing,play game u need charge it twice/more?? Very expensive than other but the battery life very poor? Why u dont ipad for better experience. Play game? Work? With 64bit n more battery life. I love apple ipad product. But iphone? I think xz3 better for daily use..
Diogo0305, 11 Jul 2015It's so bad... that i just don't understand why would anyone pay 650 Dollars for it when you h... moreIts the OS and the updates to OS and very good Application Support; Its the OS and the updates to OS and very good Application Support
It's so bad... that i just don't understand why would anyone pay 650 Dollars for it when you have the same display, resolution, better camera, better processor and twice the battery on a Sony Xperia Z3 Compact for half the price. My mind just boggles..; It's so bad... that i just don't understand why would anyone pay 650 Dollars for it when you have the same display, resolution, better camera, better processor and twice the battery on a Sony Xperia Z3 Compact for half the price. My mind just boggles..
IPhone 6s will be released in September so I think you should wait if you rather a better battery life and assume or better specs that Apple has to offer.; IPhone 6s will be released in September so I think you should wait if you rather a better battery life and assume or better specs that Apple has to offer.
Jok, 08 Jul 2015Before I bought the Iphone 6, many reviews do not include the battery life. Well I just bought... morehow is the battery life now ? i will use outlook and constant whatsapp and other apps on my ph . then in a day how many times need to charge it ?; how is the battery life now ? i will use outlook and constant whatsapp and other apps on my ph . then in a day how many times need to charge it ?
Nokia 830 takes better low light photo than Iphone 6. Because Nokia 830 has a Optical Image Stbalizer; Nokia 830 takes better low light photo than Iphone 6. Because Nokia 830 has a Optical Image Stbalizer
Iphone 6 has no Optical Image Stabalizer on its camera. So, no OIS Camera means no low-light blur free photography; Iphone 6 has no Optical Image Stabalizer on its camera. So, no OIS Camera means no low-light blur free photography
The low light camera quality of Iphone 6 is not too good like Nokia Lumia 930 because there is no optical image stabalizer in Iphone 6; The low light camera quality of Iphone 6 is not too good like Nokia Lumia 930 because there is no optical image stabalizer in Iphone 6
Hey apple. I love this company I I'll not want u guys b won by samsung or others. listen compared to galaxy s6,iphone6 sucks. camera wise, display wise,os wise etc. do something men. apple do something to improve your products. I'm waiting to see changes.; Hey apple. I love this company I I'll not want u guys b won by samsung or others. listen compared to galaxy s6,iphone6 sucks. camera wise, display wise,os wise etc. do something men. apple do something to improve your products. I'm waiting to see changes.
Talking about transfering music. Is so old fashion.
 
 Nowadays, people have the entire music library of the world! All music are synced between all your devices. (Including those not from itunes library)
 
 Gone are the days of transferring from one device to the other. 
 
 Long ago, i too look at sd slots and transfer music via bluetooth / usb, always wanting FM radio.... that was when the network is bad.; Talking about transfering music. Is so old fashion.; Nowadays, people have the entire music library of the world! All music are synced between all your devices. (Including those not from itunes library); Gone are the days of transferring from one device to the other.; Long ago, i too look at sd slots and transfer music via bluetooth / usb, always wanting FM radio.... that was when the network is bad.
Anonymous, 09 Jul 2015I agree with you 100%. This is what ios user still don't know that android could do. Apple use... moreWhy are you even commenting here. Go comment under some lagging Android; Why are you even commenting here. Go comment under some lagging Android
Anonymous, 09 Jul 2015I agree with you 100%. This is what ios user still don't know that android could do. Apple use... more"Iphone can't download songs or video from different websites"
 
 Spotify, apple music, netflix etc.
 .
 Able to download songs or videos using thirty party apps but you can't add it to the music library."
 
 Spotify, Apple music...
 
 You can't change the quality of youtube video while using the mobile data plan.
 Haven't noticed this, video looks good Third party youtube apps, 
 
 "Iphone can't download any apps from app store which is more than 100mb via mobile data."
 
 I have wifi so i haven't had problems with this, inside 100mb also fits almoat anything else than big games.
 
 Iphone can't bluetooth to non-Apple devices."
 
 Never needed 
 
 "You always need more storage due to unexpandable storage if you buy the 16gb variant."
 
 Then buy bigger variant, i have 16gb model and its working great, before i had 32gb model but noticed i don't need that much space because i bought iPad.; "Iphone can't download songs or video from different websites"; Spotify, apple music, netflix etc.; .; Able to download songs or videos using thirty party apps but you can't add it to the music library."; Spotify, Apple music...; You can't change the quality of youtube video while using the mobile data plan.; Haven't noticed this, video looks good Third party youtube apps,; "Iphone can't download any apps from app store which is more than 100mb via mobile data."; I have wifi so i haven't had problems with this, inside 100mb also fits almoat anything else than big games.; Iphone can't bluetooth to non-Apple devices."; Never needed; "You always need more storage due to unexpandable storage if you buy the 16gb variant."; Then buy bigger variant, i have 16gb model and its working great, before i had 32gb model but noticed i don't need that much space because i bought iPad.
Anonymous, 09 Jul 2015I agree with you 100%. This is what ios user still don't know that android could do. Apple use... moreIOS is pretty much Android living in prison.
 
 Best statement I have ever seen regarding apple.; IOS is pretty much Android living in prison.; Best statement I have ever seen regarding apple.
bapun, 08 Jul 2015There are many restrictions with the apple products. You can't download songs or video from di... moreI agree with you 100%. This is what ios user still don't know that android could do. Apple users are living in a restricted world. They are no different than North Korea where people don't have freedom and confined state of life. Iphone can't download songs or video from different websites. Able to download songs or videos using thirty party apps but you can't add it to the music library. You can't change the quality of youtube video while using the mobile data plan. Iphone can't download any apps from app store which is more than 100mb via mobile data. Iphone can't bluetooth to non-Apple devices. You always need more storage due to unexpandable storage if you buy the 16gb variant. IOS is pretty much Android living in prison.; I agree with you 100%. This is what ios user still don't know that android could do. Apple users are living in a restricted world. They are no different than North Korea where people don't have freedom and confined state of life. Iphone can't download songs or video from different websites. Able to download songs or videos using thirty party apps but you can't add it to the music library. You can't change the quality of youtube video while using the mobile data plan. Iphone can't download any apps from app store which is more than 100mb via mobile data. Iphone can't bluetooth to non-Apple devices. You always need more storage due to unexpandable storage if you buy the 16gb variant. IOS is pretty much Android living in prison.
freakfor1, 08 Jul 2015Which one you suggest iphone 6 or iphone 6s ??IPhone 6s; IPhone 6s
freakfor1, 08 Jul 2015Thank you so much for suggestion mate :) i guess i will wait for 6s to come in. I hope it mi... moreIt should have better battery life; It should have better battery life
Duel, 08 Jul 2015Force Touch could be big game changer, at least Apple thinks that "Apple to Order Rec... moreThank you so much for suggestion mate :)
 i guess i will wait for 6s to come in.
 I hope it might have better battery life, better camera, better everything.; Thank you so much for suggestion mate :); i guess i will wait for 6s to come in.; I hope it might have better battery life, better camera, better everything.
freakfor1, 08 Jul 2015Can you please elaborate the major differences? Force Touch could be big game changer, at least Apple thinks that 
 
 "Apple to Order Record-Breaking 85-90 Million Force Touch-Equipped 'iPhone 6s' Models"
 
 I would recommend you to wait, after few months you can buy with same price iPhone 6s.; Force Touch could be big game changer, at least Apple thinks that; "Apple to Order Record-Breaking 85-90 Million Force Touch-Equipped 'iPhone 6s' Models"; I would recommend you to wait, after few months you can buy with same price iPhone 6s.
[deleted post]Which one you suggest iphone 6 or iphone 6s ??; Which one you suggest iphone 6 or iphone 6s ??
Duel, 08 Jul 2015Get help man, you sound like a total lunatic :D take a breath while.ok; ok
swirly, 08 Jul 2015iPhone 6s will be launched in September this year.Can you please elaborate the major differences?; Can you please elaborate the major differences?
Hello everyone! I am planning to buy iphone 6 can anyone please tell me will there be a IPHONE 6s? and when, please i need a quick response . Thanks a bunch; Hello everyone! I am planning to buy iphone 6 can anyone please tell me will there be a IPHONE 6s? and when, please i need a quick response . Thanks a bunch
Before I bought the Iphone 6, many reviews do not include the battery life. Well I just bought one the other day....to be honest I kind of fifty-fifty like or not, because I found out that the unit was becoming rather warm (not too hot) on the cheek compare to others brands and the BATTERY LIFE is kind of short, which is not to make me very happy today. my suggestion is, whenever you bring the Iphone 6 to office or fun, you much equip your self with BatteryBank so you wont be disappointment through out the whole day. I just charged mine twice a day to day. Cheers, Jok; Before I bought the Iphone 6, many reviews do not include the battery life. Well I just bought one the other day....to be honest I kind of fifty-fifty like or not, because I found out that the unit was becoming rather warm (not too hot) on the cheek compare to others brands and the BATTERY LIFE is kind of short, which is not to make me very happy today. my suggestion is, whenever you bring the Iphone 6 to office or fun, you much equip your self with BatteryBank so you wont be disappointment through out the whole day. I just charged mine twice a day to day. Cheers, Jok
There are many restrictions with the apple products. You can't download songs or video from different websites. If you manage to download any songs or videos using thirty party apps but you can't add it to the music library. To do so you have to use your pc and have to use the iTunes. Another thing that you can't change the quality of youtube video while using the mobile data plan. It only can possible with wifi. The next thing is that you can't download any apps from app store which is more than 100mb via mobile data. I have an unlimited data plan but I really can't download apps or games that are more that 100mb. I like the software optimization in apple products but if you need a true smart phone that get your job done with out using laptop or PC then go with Android phones. This is my experience with the iphone 6 that I have used for almost 2 months. So before buying iphone just think about these points.; There are many restrictions with the apple products. You can't download songs or video from different websites. If you manage to download any songs or videos using thirty party apps but you can't add it to the music library. To do so you have to use your pc and have to use the iTunes. Another thing that you can't change the quality of youtube video while using the mobile data plan. It only can possible with wifi. The next thing is that you can't download any apps from app store which is more than 100mb via mobile data. I have an unlimited data plan but I really can't download apps or games that are more that 100mb. I like the software optimization in apple products but if you need a true smart phone that get your job done with out using laptop or PC then go with Android phones. This is my experience with the iphone 6 that I have used for almost 2 months. So before buying iphone just think about these points.
First time k NEW region it's sold for 500$ and bargain able Dr 16gb. 6S in on its way stay away for camera 12 mp thickness better internals all up graded. I wow say wait another2qtrs and get ultra hyped iPhone7. Lad rely all dudes lockers forget this toyfactory. It's not even a complete cell.; First time k NEW region it's sold for 500$ and bargain able Dr 16gb. 6S in on its way stay away for camera 12 mp thickness better internals all up graded. I wow say wait another2qtrs and get ultra hyped iPhone7. Lad rely all dudes lockers forget this toyfactory. It's not even a complete cell.
Pear, 08 Jul 2015Mate, you keep repeating this every day, but you must realize that the iphone 6 only just real... moreGet help man, you sound like a total lunatic :D take a breath while.; Get help man, you sound like a total lunatic :D take a breath while.
Pear, 08 Jul 2015So sorry :) my bad...i only read the first half and saw Anonymous and i though it was this oth... moreNo worries dude.; No worries dude.
Anonymous, 08 Jul 2015Hello pear. Please read my comment again then check your response to it. What the hell are y... moreSo sorry :) my bad...i only read the first half and saw Anonymous and i though it was this other guy/girl...disregard my reply, i feel bad now haha; So sorry :) my bad...i only read the first half and saw Anonymous and i though it was this other guy/girl...disregard my reply, i feel bad now haha
Pear, 08 Jul 2015Mate, you keep repeating this every day, but you must realize that the iphone 6 only just real... morePear I am an S6 edge user and agree it is the best on the market.
 Im not a fruit lover and dont get your comment.
 READ BEFORE REPLY.; Pear I am an S6 edge user and agree it is the best on the market.; Im not a fruit lover and dont get your comment.; READ BEFORE REPLY.
Pear, 08 Jul 2015Mate, you keep repeating this every day, but you must realize that the iphone 6 only just real... moreHello pear.
 Please read my comment again then check your response to it.
 What the hell are you on about?; Hello pear.; Please read my comment again then check your response to it.; What the hell are you on about?
Duel, 07 Jul 2015"You will buy it no matter what and you will be blissfully happy. You will happily always... moreLet everyone use and enjoy their devices and eveyone by themself decide which is best phone and what people want.
 
 Well said.
 Samsung owner.
 Rarely do Andriod and Apple agree.; Let everyone use and enjoy their devices and eveyone by themself decide which is best phone and what people want.; Well said.; Samsung owner.; Rarely do Andriod and Apple agree.
Note 4 or Galaxy S6 or iPhone 6?; Note 4 or Galaxy S6 or iPhone 6?
Anonymous, 08 Jul 2015Keep seeing comments like this. Why buy a copied iPhone 6 (Samsung S6) when you can get the... moreMate, you keep repeating this every day, but you must realize that the iphone 6 only just realized that there is a massive market for phones over 4 inches? You do realize that all brands were doing bigger phones before the iphone finally decided to copy and adjust to the market trends...your statements are so devoid of any sense of reality it's mind-boggling...you somehow think that iphones invented metal and bigger screen size and they should have authority over what material phones are made of...it's really laughable and saddening that you allow you mind to function so terribly. Oh and btw, the S6 you are talking about as being a copy of the iphone 6, literally outshines your phone in absolutely every single department, with every single (that's right, ALL) tech magazines claiming it is much better than the iphone 6 x; Mate, you keep repeating this every day, but you must realize that the iphone 6 only just realized that there is a massive market for phones over 4 inches? You do realize that all brands were doing bigger phones before the iphone finally decided to copy and adjust to the market trends...your statements are so devoid of any sense of reality it's mind-boggling...you somehow think that iphones invented metal and bigger screen size and they should have authority over what material phones are made of...it's really laughable and saddening that you allow you mind to function so terribly. Oh and btw, the S6 you are talking about as being a copy of the iphone 6, literally outshines your phone in absolutely every single department, with every single (that's right, ALL) tech magazines claiming it is much better than the iphone 6 x
Anonymous, 08 Jul 2015Because Apple is as popular as them. It shows style and top tier of living, like Starbucks. ... moreKeep seeing comments like this.
 
 Why buy a copied iPhone 6 (Samsung S6) when you can get the original at the same cost? ROFL.. Note 5 will be another iPhone 6 Plus copy.. while iPhone 6S/7 will be release at the same time.
 
 It has been proven time & time again that it is Apple that do the copying.
 Samsuing made the 1st metal mobile and makes most of the parts for apple as they arent capable of making their own.
 I do concede that the fingerprint sensor was apples but this was bound to appear on all flagships eventually plus it's not the same sensor that apple use so no copying.
 Apple don't innovate they recreate using outdated hardware.
 I would rather buy an actual apple.; Keep seeing comments like this.; Why buy a copied iPhone 6 (Samsung S6) when you can get the original at the same cost? ROFL.. Note 5 will be another iPhone 6 Plus copy.. while iPhone 6S/7 will be release at the same time.; It has been proven time & time again that it is Apple that do the copying.; Samsuing made the 1st metal mobile and makes most of the parts for apple as they arent capable of making their own.; I do concede that the fingerprint sensor was apples but this was bound to appear on all flagships eventually plus it's not the same sensor that apple use so no copying.; Apple don't innovate they recreate using outdated hardware.; I would rather buy an actual apple.
Anonymous, 08 Jul 2015Because Apple is as popular as them. It shows style and top tier of living, like Starbucks. ... moreNote 5 another iphone 6 plus copy? Are you crazy? Iphone 6 plus is the one that copy Samsung Galaxy Note series in the first place. Phablet is a thing from Samsung. Samsung make phablet popular before Apple decided to make iphone larger after Steve Jobs died despite he the one who said 'no one's going to buy that big phone'. Jobs ranted about stupid big phones, never using styluses and small tablet is ridiculous. 
 
 Look at what Tim Cook had done. The iphone 6 Plus mimicking Samsung phablet trend. 12.9inch ipad Pro with stylus coming soon inspired from Samsung Galaxy Note Series. Then there's the ipad mini also inspired from Samsung that always make mini variant of their smartphone devices and tablets. Apple tv is coming soon too and i won't doubt it that people will compare it with Samsung tv.
 
 Next iphone probably have curved screen and then claiming that they are the first and others are copying them. Apple even patent a VR device similar to Samsung Gear VR. So, still think they copy Apple. Apple watch is one perfect example of copying Samsung. Apple will say that they are different and not copying. Meanwhile, Samsung watchphone from 2009 is the what pretty much all smartwatches are base from these day. When iphone 6 plus was release they just said they are 'following 'the market niche and not copying anyone. 
 
 But when Samsung go all metal and glass no one assume that as 'following' the market but got label as copycat instead. Also, when Sony use metal no one said anything. That metal body obviously look the same on Sony Z3. For those who don't know I could swear iphone 6 stole Sony design. Even Samsung has released a statement commenting on how Apple is copying Sony. Copying or following? Minimalist design even existed way before 2007. 
 
 Look at this forApple argument with Samsung and Sony:
 www.dailytech.com/Samsung+Apples+iPhone+Started+­as+Sony+Ripoff/article25277.htm; Note 5 another iphone 6 plus copy? Are you crazy? Iphone 6 plus is the one that copy Samsung Galaxy Note series in the first place. Phablet is a thing from Samsung. Samsung make phablet popular before Apple decided to make iphone larger after Steve Jobs died despite he the one who said 'no one's going to buy that big phone'. Jobs ranted about stupid big phones, never using styluses and small tablet is ridiculous.; Look at what Tim Cook had done. The iphone 6 Plus mimicking Samsung phablet trend. 12.9inch ipad Pro with stylus coming soon inspired from Samsung Galaxy Note Series. Then there's the ipad mini also inspired from Samsung that always make mini variant of their smartphone devices and tablets. Apple tv is coming soon too and i won't doubt it that people will compare it with Samsung tv.; Next iphone probably have curved screen and then claiming that they are the first and others are copying them. Apple even patent a VR device similar to Samsung Gear VR. So, still think they copy Apple. Apple watch is one perfect example of copying Samsung. Apple will say that they are different and not copying. Meanwhile, Samsung watchphone from 2009 is the what pretty much all smartwatches are base from these day. When iphone 6 plus was release they just said they are 'following 'the market niche and not copying anyone.; But when Samsung go all metal and glass no one assume that as 'following' the market but got label as copycat instead. Also, when Sony use metal no one said anything. That metal body obviously look the same on Sony Z3. For those who don't know I could swear iphone 6 stole Sony design. Even Samsung has released a statement commenting on how Apple is copying Sony. Copying or following? Minimalist design even existed way before 2007.; Look at this forApple argument with Samsung and Sony:; www.dailytech.com/Samsung+Apples+iPhone+Started+­as+Sony+Ripoff/article25277.htm
Which one choose i6 or s6 ???? Plzz help me thanks in advance...; Which one choose i6 or s6 ???? Plzz help me thanks in advance...
Anonymous, 08 Jul 2015Try to tell Taylor Swift and Matt Bonner about Apple customer satisfaction. Even celebrities a... moreBecause Apple is as popular as them. It shows style and top tier of living, like Starbucks.
 
 If fans know their iDols are using Android... like Oppo or Micromax.. they will all ROFL.. In fact, Micromax / or any android makers MIGHT even PAY them to use those phones, to increase their own popularity. 
 
 And BTW. If there is no complains, it most likely mean none of them uses droids.
 
 Do not forget, most of them sells their album exclusively on iTunes store. Which is a part of their income.
 
 And unless you are a celebrity, do not compare phones for them like the rest of us. Most people will settle for Android due to cost. Those that buy expensive Android because of functionally will be sorely disappointed, and they keep switching year after year, unsatisfied.
 
 Why buy a copied iPhone 6 (Samsung S6) when you can get the original at the same cost? ROFL.. Note 5 will be another iPhone 6 Plus copy.. while iPhone 6S/7 will be release at the same time.; Because Apple is as popular as them. It shows style and top tier of living, like Starbucks.; If fans know their iDols are using Android... like Oppo or Micromax.. they will all ROFL.. In fact, Micromax / or any android makers MIGHT even PAY them to use those phones, to increase their own popularity.; And BTW. If there is no complains, it most likely mean none of them uses droids.; Do not forget, most of them sells their album exclusively on iTunes store. Which is a part of their income.; And unless you are a celebrity, do not compare phones for them like the rest of us. Most people will settle for Android due to cost. Those that buy expensive Android because of functionally will be sorely disappointed, and they keep switching year after year, unsatisfied.; Why buy a copied iPhone 6 (Samsung S6) when you can get the original at the same cost? ROFL.. Note 5 will be another iPhone 6 Plus copy.. while iPhone 6S/7 will be release at the same time.
Duel, 07 Jul 2015"You will buy it no matter what and you will be blissfully happy. You will happily always... moreTry to tell Taylor Swift and Matt Bonner about Apple customer satisfaction. Even celebrities are making issues of Apple products. I never hear complain or anything from celebrities about other brands. This prove that Apple is really bad at customer satisfaction. They only go by sales quantity and not quality. Even if Apple sells billions iphone it have no meaning when many hates it. That whyyou keep seeing these Android fan keep coming here bashing Apple. Some of them had used it at least once too even me. I hate it so much and not satisfied. No wonder there are not a single Apple store in my city have any customer lurking around it. People loves android freedom.; Try to tell Taylor Swift and Matt Bonner about Apple customer satisfaction. Even celebrities are making issues of Apple products. I never hear complain or anything from celebrities about other brands. This prove that Apple is really bad at customer satisfaction. They only go by sales quantity and not quality. Even if Apple sells billions iphone it have no meaning when many hates it. That whyyou keep seeing these Android fan keep coming here bashing Apple. Some of them had used it at least once too even me. I hate it so much and not satisfied. No wonder there are not a single Apple store in my city have any customer lurking around it. People loves android freedom.
Pear, 07 Jul 2015These people literally buy the same phone year after year, they don't care about where technol... moreI'm not against iPhones I think they are great. I'm against people using uneducated or biased views in order to gain a following by manipulating facts. In order to have such opinions I feel users should of at least used the devices they unfairly attack. This causes confusion for new buyers who seek truthful information regarding devices and the differences. Most reviewers on the web are either paid off or have biased opinions because they have ownership of a certain brand. This also contributes to why there are so many people brainwashed.; I'm not against iPhones I think they are great. I'm against people using uneducated or biased views in order to gain a following by manipulating facts. In order to have such opinions I feel users should of at least used the devices they unfairly attack. This causes confusion for new buyers who seek truthful information regarding devices and the differences. Most reviewers on the web are either paid off or have biased opinions because they have ownership of a certain brand. This also contributes to why there are so many people brainwashed.
Pear, 07 Jul 2015These people literally buy the same phone year after year, they don't care about where technol... moreBoring boring, biggest reason for iPhone sales are the happy users which are spreading their positive experience, you are again making excuses and cant accep the facts.
 
 IPhone 6 is most sold phone where i live and in my country Apple doesnt advertise their phones in TV also havent seen them in any magazines too, Years ago i saw iPhone 4 ad or something in cinema. But those iPhones selling without advertising, so clearly Apple doesnt think its necessery to make TV ads here, iPhones are anyway most sold phones every month.
 
 And it has nothing to do with anything which you said.; Boring boring, biggest reason for iPhone sales are the happy users which are spreading their positive experience, you are again making excuses and cant accep the facts.; IPhone 6 is most sold phone where i live and in my country Apple doesnt advertise their phones in TV also havent seen them in any magazines too, Years ago i saw iPhone 4 ad or something in cinema. But those iPhones selling without advertising, so clearly Apple doesnt think its necessery to make TV ads here, iPhones are anyway most sold phones every month.; And it has nothing to do with anything which you said.
Pear, 07 Jul 2015These people literally buy the same phone year after year, they don't care about where technol... more"These people literally buy the same phone year after year,"
 
 Most of iPhone users upgrading their iPhone once in two years and then it gives lot more, also even if you want to buy new model every year, iPhone resale value is so high that you don't have to pay much to do it and you get better device again.
 
 I did that with iPad. Stopped to iPad Air because really don't see any reason to upgrade anymore, but didnt have to pay much to get this Air and this is again lot easier to sell this year when i might switch to upcoming iPad.
 
 Why you think Apple users upgrade their device every year? I really don't know almoat anyone who have done that. I know lot of people who went from iPhone 5 to iPhone 6 or from iPhone 4S. Dont know anyone who went from 5S to 6. I think most of us are waiting 6S which again bring new things like force touch, which going to be very interesting thing in the future and might give a whole new world for touchscreen experience.; "These people literally buy the same phone year after year,"; Most of iPhone users upgrading their iPhone once in two years and then it gives lot more, also even if you want to buy new model every year, iPhone resale value is so high that you don't have to pay much to do it and you get better device again.; I did that with iPad. Stopped to iPad Air because really don't see any reason to upgrade anymore, but didnt have to pay much to get this Air and this is again lot easier to sell this year when i might switch to upcoming iPad.; Why you think Apple users upgrade their device every year? I really don't know almoat anyone who have done that. I know lot of people who went from iPhone 5 to iPhone 6 or from iPhone 4S. Dont know anyone who went from 5S to 6. I think most of us are waiting 6S which again bring new things like force touch, which going to be very interesting thing in the future and might give a whole new world for touchscreen experience.
[deleted post]These people literally buy the same phone year after year, they don't care about where technology is heading...they are happy, fear of change and attracted by bling bling and adverts, age old problem...apple are banking on that, beats headphones are banking on that, scientology is banking on that...it's a good mechanism in all fairness, works on some specimens...; These people literally buy the same phone year after year, they don't care about where technology is heading...they are happy, fear of change and attracted by bling bling and adverts, age old problem...apple are banking on that, beats headphones are banking on that, scientology is banking on that...it's a good mechanism in all fairness, works on some specimens...
Had my iPhone 6 for two months and it went belly up. No power. It will not charge, totally dead. Lost all my photos of family reunion. Apple cannot do anything about fix, just replacement. Pissed off.; Had my iPhone 6 for two months and it went belly up. No power. It will not charge, totally dead. Lost all my photos of family reunion. Apple cannot do anything about fix, just replacement. Pissed off.
Pear, 07 Jul 2015Lol omg clever :)) you got me! that is what i constantly say, that no one is buying iphones...... more"You will buy it no matter what and you will be blissfully happy. You will happily always be one step behind technological innovation, because you value branding and presentation more than innovation."
 
 Very wrong, i want to in top of technological innovation and thats why i'm Apple user, they bring technological innovations which are actually USEFUL.
 
 "because unlike you, we, Android flagship users, actually have arguments and logic on our side"
 
 Sure "my phone has better specs" your device is outdated" sure sure you guys have... :)
 
 I gave many arguments but you ignore all of them or say those things doesn't matter. So there really isn't any reason to give any argument to you because you wouldn't accept them anyway.
 
 By the way sales are very good indicator to show which device is great and which people want and yet better is customer satisfaction and loyalty towards device, all those combined clearly proves how great iPhone is. You didn't like it and yet you are here almost everyday talking about it, which i already said is very weird that you are so obsessed about this phone.
 
 Im not spending my days in LG G4 section or S6 section etc. to say that iPhone is superior and why it is, why would i do that? Im here in Apple section because i own iPhone and like it. Let everyone use and enjoy their devices and eveyone by themself decide which is best phone and what people want, currently it's iPhone 6 maybe next year it's something else, today Apple clearly offers the best experience for most.; "You will buy it no matter what and you will be blissfully happy. You will happily always be one step behind technological innovation, because you value branding and presentation more than innovation."; Very wrong, i want to in top of technological innovation and thats why i'm Apple user, they bring technological innovations which are actually USEFUL.; "because unlike you, we, Android flagship users, actually have arguments and logic on our side"; Sure "my phone has better specs" your device is outdated" sure sure you guys have... :); I gave many arguments but you ignore all of them or say those things doesn't matter. So there really isn't any reason to give any argument to you because you wouldn't accept them anyway.; By the way sales are very good indicator to show which device is great and which people want and yet better is customer satisfaction and loyalty towards device, all those combined clearly proves how great iPhone is. You didn't like it and yet you are here almost everyday talking about it, which i already said is very weird that you are so obsessed about this phone.; Im not spending my days in LG G4 section or S6 section etc. to say that iPhone is superior and why it is, why would i do that? Im here in Apple section because i own iPhone and like it. Let everyone use and enjoy their devices and eveyone by themself decide which is best phone and what people want, currently it's iPhone 6 maybe next year it's something else, today Apple clearly offers the best experience for most.
Duel, 07 Jul 2015So it's official Samsung had another flop quarter So strange that so many Samsung users cur... moreLol omg clever :)) you got me! that is what i constantly say, that no one is buying iphones...no mate, i never said that...actually it seems there is this syndrome that you iphone lovers have to use the number of handsets sold as some sort of barometer for the quality of the product. You don't have too many arguments, so you constantly bring up selling points and fingerprint scanner. Yes mate, iphones are selling crazy good. Now what does that have to do with the quality? 50 shades of grey and twilight and cheeky girls and transformers films are also doing well...can you not grasp that a successful product does not mean that the product is of quality as well?...i don't care how successful Samsung or Apple are, that plays the least on my importance list when buying a handset. The fact that it influences your and so many others' decision making is perhaps a problem in why the world's capitalistic societies are dropping in IQ drastically...just relax, you seem to have a proper relationship with your phone, you will continue buying iphones even if another company comes with something vastly superior. You will buy it no matter what and you will be blissfully happy. You will happily always be one step behind technological innovation, because you value branding and presentation more than innovation. Nothing wrong with that, that's who you are, embrace it, but don't tell me you have a superior product, because unlike you, we, Android flagship users, actually have arguments and logic on our side x; Lol omg clever :)) you got me! that is what i constantly say, that no one is buying iphones...no mate, i never said that...actually it seems there is this syndrome that you iphone lovers have to use the number of handsets sold as some sort of barometer for the quality of the product. You don't have too many arguments, so you constantly bring up selling points and fingerprint scanner. Yes mate, iphones are selling crazy good. Now what does that have to do with the quality? 50 shades of grey and twilight and cheeky girls and transformers films are also doing well...can you not grasp that a successful product does not mean that the product is of quality as well?...i don't care how successful Samsung or Apple are, that plays the least on my importance list when buying a handset. The fact that it influences your and so many others' decision making is perhaps a problem in why the world's capitalistic societies are dropping in IQ drastically...just relax, you seem to have a proper relationship with your phone, you will continue buying iphones even if another company comes with something vastly superior. You will buy it no matter what and you will be blissfully happy. You will happily always be one step behind technological innovation, because you value branding and presentation more than innovation. Nothing wrong with that, that's who you are, embrace it, but don't tell me you have a superior product, because unlike you, we, Android flagship users, actually have arguments and logic on our side x
So it's official Samsung had another flop quarter So strange that so many Samsung users currently buying iPhones when people like Pear say that no-one who owns phones like Galaxy S5 etc. cant think buying iPhone. Yet that's exactly what happening, more and more people leaving from samsung to get iPhone, that's what happening. So Pear if you said im making numbers up, what you think samsung official numbers now? :); So it's official Samsung had another flop quarter
So strange that so many Samsung users currently buying iPhones when people like Pear say that no-one who owns phones like Galaxy S5 etc. cant think buying iPhone. Yet that's exactly what happening, more and more people leaving from samsung to get iPhone, that's what happening.
So Pear if you said im making numbers up, what you think samsung official numbers now? :)
Hello mates, let me clarify something, now i'm using both galaxxy s6 and iphone 6 on my daily bases, for my business needs, well after 6 months working in parallel using on both device i can easy make conclusion. Iphone is more convenient to use and more stable in operating, battery life is way batter, electronic document and editing.. no problems at all, meeting calendar and appointment again this is the right device. Other hand samsung top end smartphone has own benefits like way more better camera, more vivid and sharp display with amazing black color, taking photos with galaxy s6 is simply magnificent. 
 Finally if i have to take only one of these two it definitely will be the iphone.
 Make your choice depends your needs that is the key in this point. For me as a person who use the phone more like laptop or computer and need reliability thats the iphone. if you wish to play games on bigger display and browse the web it doesn't realy matter what you use.
 Best Regards: Nikola Bozhkov; Hello mates, let me clarify something, now i'm using both galaxxy s6 and iphone 6 on my daily bases, for my business needs, well after 6 months working in parallel using on both device i can easy make conclusion. Iphone is more convenient to use and more stable in operating, battery life is way batter, electronic document and editing.. no problems at all, meeting calendar and appointment again this is the right device. Other hand samsung top end smartphone has own benefits like way more better camera, more vivid and sharp display with amazing black color, taking photos with galaxy s6 is simply magnificent.; Finally if i have to take only one of these two it definitely will be the iphone.; Make your choice depends your needs that is the key in this point. For me as a person who use the phone more like laptop or computer and need reliability thats the iphone. if you wish to play games on bigger display and browse the web it doesn't realy matter what you use.; Best Regards: Nikola Bozhkov
Iphones have invented metal and pricetags. Everybody else is copying that by adding more important and useful stuff, but if it wasn't for iphones, we would have no metal in the world....; Iphones have invented metal and pricetags. Everybody else is copying that by adding more important and useful stuff, but if it wasn't for iphones, we would have no metal in the world....
Anonymous, 07 Jul 2015You know Note 4 is gonna be another giant iPhone 6 Plus, but with weaker OS. You wish the iph... moreAnd your pockets is emptied by Google / Microsoft Windows / PC / Qualcomm which all originate from America! Hahaha
 
 Grow up! All these company including Apple are already international companies that span worldwide.; And your pockets is emptied by Google / Microsoft Windows / PC / Qualcomm which all originate from America! Hahaha; Grow up! All these company including Apple are already international companies that span worldwide.
A, 06 Jul 2015Iphones invented metal! That is proper innovation! Igeniuses sat down and contemplated: "... moreDo your homework go online.
 Apple did not make the 1st metal mobile yrt you guys keep harping on that this was innovation by apple when in reality thay did what they always do and just copy but with cheaper materials.; Do your homework go online.; Apple did not make the 1st metal mobile yrt you guys keep harping on that this was innovation by apple when in reality thay did what they always do and just copy but with cheaper materials.
Yes, CopyKingSamsung, 06 Jul 2015No one bothers about Samsung rumors anymore. If you wanna know how the next S7 will be like... moreYou know Note 4 is gonna be another giant iPhone 6 Plus, but with weaker OS.
 You wish the iphone was as good as the note 4.
 Apple have nothing that can touch high end andriod devices and as far as the OS is concerned it's for kids.
 A basic & useless OS in a basic and useless phone.
 The funny thing is you guys actually paid for these phones.
 America is the land of oportunity and cupertino just took the opportunity to empty your pockets.; You know Note 4 is gonna be another giant iPhone 6 Plus, but with weaker OS.; You wish the iphone was as good as the note 4.; Apple have nothing that can touch high end andriod devices and as far as the OS is concerned it's for kids.; A basic & useless OS in a basic and useless phone.; The funny thing is you guys actually paid for these phones.; America is the land of oportunity and cupertino just took the opportunity to empty your pockets.
The truth, 07 Jul 2015Yes. Buy what you like. Thats why there are unsatisfied people moving endlessly in Android ... moreI must live in a different world then as I don't know anyone who has moved from andriod to apple yet all who have used apple now have Samsung & HTC and are a-lot happier than with the pay to play fruit firm.; I must live in a different world then as I don't know anyone who has moved from andriod to apple yet all who have used apple now have Samsung & HTC and are a-lot happier than with the pay to play fruit firm.
The truth, 07 Jul 2015Are you sure everything you buy you are happy with it? Day 1? Day 2? All the days of the produ... moreSuppose there is no such thing as windows phone then.
 My kids V-tech has a better operating system than crapple.; Suppose there is no such thing as windows phone then.; My kids V-tech has a better operating system than crapple.
Anonymous, 07 Jul 2015How can someone purchasing any type of phone be wrong if it's there choice and they are happy ... moreAre you sure everything you buy you are happy with it? Day 1? Day 2? All the days of the product's life? You never know!
 
 What i tell you is the truth! Stop wandering aimlessly, switching from one phone brand to the other.. it do you no good!! Just stick with iPhones, its the best phone, which is the only brand that have Desktop OS / Mobile OS / Support / Accessories / / all covered. All the rest are mismatched patch of OS / hardware / no desktop OS, which will never reach its full potential.; Are you sure everything you buy you are happy with it? Day 1? Day 2? All the days of the product's life? You never know!; What i tell you is the truth! Stop wandering aimlessly, switching from one phone brand to the other.. it do you no good!! Just stick with iPhones, its the best phone, which is the only brand that have Desktop OS / Mobile OS / Support / Accessories / / all covered. All the rest are mismatched patch of OS / hardware / no desktop OS, which will never reach its full potential.
The truth, 07 Jul 2015Yes. Buy what you like. Thats why there are unsatisfied people moving endlessly in Android ... moreHow can someone purchasing any type of phone be wrong if it's there choice and they are happy with it. You keep bringing up things you know nothing about. You have not used all the phones you keep bashing and have no idea how well they perform. Your comments just gets worse and I can't believe how much garbage you put in a comment.; How can someone purchasing any type of phone be wrong if it's there choice and they are happy with it. You keep bringing up things you know nothing about. You have not used all the phones you keep bashing and have no idea how well they perform. Your comments just gets worse and I can't believe how much garbage you put in a comment.
Anonymous, 06 Jul 2015Or there are people like me who just buy what ever device they want and don't give a toss who ... moreYes. Buy what you like.
 
 Thats why there are unsatisfied people moving endlessly in Android land. Ooooh Sony, ohhh Samsung, wooo hTC. 
 
 In the end, they all go back to iPhones. Because in the end, your personal option might be wrong. But buying iPhone is never wrong.; Yes. Buy what you like.; Thats why there are unsatisfied people moving endlessly in Android land. Ooooh Sony, ohhh Samsung, wooo hTC.; In the end, they all go back to iPhones. Because in the end, your personal option might be wrong. But buying iPhone is never wrong.
The truth, 06 Jul 2015After using iPhone. You will use no other phones. There are people who refuse to believe it... moreOr there are people like me who just buy what ever device they want and don't give a toss who else likes it or hates it. Can't live without iPhone and can't live without android, just get both and be happy.; Or there are people like me who just buy what ever device they want and don't give a toss who else likes it or hates it. Can't live without iPhone and can't live without android, just get both and be happy.
Pear, 06 Jul 2015hahaha still talking about fingerprint scanner? you really are running out of steam mate xStill repeating those same lines here day after day and month after month?
 
 Why you are so obsessed about iPhone that you keep coming back here again and again? You need to get help for your problem, what you are doing is very weird.; Still repeating those same lines here day after day and month after month?; Why you are so obsessed about iPhone that you keep coming back here again and again? You need to get help for your problem, what you are doing is very weird.
Anonymous, 06 Jul 2015S6 copy touchID (S5 was slide down fingerprint) S6 copy full metal construction S6 copy ante... moreCopy and do things better. Best of everything I don't care about how these manufacturers copy others, that's what I want them to do then I get all the best features. Taking the best of all devices and putting it in one then add a brand new powerful exynos 7420 processor along with ddr4 ram a 2k display a very good camera plus wireless charging and bang we have an s6 give it a bit more style then we get the s6 edge.; Copy and do things better. Best of everything I don't care about how these manufacturers copy others, that's what I want them to do then I get all the best features. Taking the best of all devices and putting it in one then add a brand new powerful exynos 7420 processor along with ddr4 ram a 2k display a very good camera plus wireless charging and bang we have an s6 give it a bit more style then we get the s6 edge.
The truth, 06 Jul 2015After using iPhone. You will use no other phones. There are people who refuse to believe it... moreI like my Microsoft Lumia 640 Dual SIM a lot more than my iPhone 6! Windows 10 will be far better than both iOS and Android!; I like my Microsoft Lumia 640 Dual SIM a lot more than my iPhone 6! Windows 10 will be far better than both iOS and Android!
Duel, 06 Jul 2015"You are talking about fingerprint scanner and non-removable battery like anybody cares a... moreHuawei Ascend Mate 7 have the best fingerprint scanner ever!; Huawei Ascend Mate 7 have the best fingerprint scanner ever!
No one bothers about Samsung rumors anymore.
 
 If you wanna know how the next S7 will be like? Just look at iPhone 6S / 7. Easy.
 
 You know Note 4 is gonna be another giant iPhone 6 Plus, but with weaker OS aaaahaaha.; No one bothers about Samsung rumors anymore.; If you wanna know how the next S7 will be like? Just look at iPhone 6S / 7. Easy.; You know Note 4 is gonna be another giant iPhone 6 Plus, but with weaker OS aaaahaaha.
Duel, 06 Jul 2015"You are talking about fingerprint scanner and non-removable battery like anybody cares a... morehahaha still talking about fingerprint scanner? you really are running out of steam mate x; hahaha still talking about fingerprint scanner? you really are running out of steam mate x
Pear, 06 Jul 2015Copy what? Are you talking about this ugly new iphone 6 that actually decided to copy the Andr... more"You are talking about fingerprint scanner and non-removable battery like anybody cares about that..."
 
 And yet everyone currently trying to figuring out how they can implement finger scanner to their phones, strange right? ;)
 
 Also typical you to say that nobody cares about fingerprint scanner, that scanner thing has been and is very big selling point for Apple (samaung tried same too) and i don think many iOS users want phone without fingerprint scanner anymore so if they change device it better have great fingerprint scanner too.; "You are talking about fingerprint scanner and non-removable battery like anybody cares about that..."; And yet everyone currently trying to figuring out how they can implement finger scanner to their phones, strange right? ;); Also typical you to say that nobody cares about fingerprint scanner, that scanner thing has been and is very big selling point for Apple (samaung tried same too) and i don think many iOS users want phone without fingerprint scanner anymore so if they change device it better have great fingerprint scanner too.
Duel, 03 Jul 2015Clearly you are liar, just ask from pearNo dear i m not liar i m using s6 and its hanging; No dear i m not liar i m using s6 and its hanging
Iphones invented metal! That is proper innovation! Igeniuses sat down and contemplated: "what material should we make this phones out of"? And one said: 'how about we invent something that looks tougher even though it is not, we'll call it metal!" and there you go! And look at all these Samsungs now copying iphones by using their material, iphones should patent and copyright metal!; Iphones invented metal! That is proper innovation! Igeniuses sat down and contemplated: "what material should we make this phones out of"? And one said: 'how about we invent something that looks tougher even though it is not, we'll call it metal!" and there you go! And look at all these Samsungs now copying iphones by using their material, iphones should patent and copyright metal!
Anonymous, 06 Jul 2015S6 copy touchID (S5 was slide down fingerprint) S6 copy full metal construction S6 copy ante... moreCopy what? Are you talking about this ugly new iphone 6 that actually decided to copy the Android market and make it bigger (despite the igod Stevie Jobs "predicting" that the world will never want phones bigger than 4 inches)? You are talking about fingerprint scanner and non-removable battery like anybody cares about that...you iphone people are so devoid of any fun or features on your phone that you have to bring up but a fingerprint scanner...my god, the irony and hilarity is so massive here and it totally seems to go over your head....; Copy what? Are you talking about this ugly new iphone 6 that actually decided to copy the Android market and make it bigger (despite the igod Stevie Jobs "predicting" that the world will never want phones bigger than 4 inches)? You are talking about fingerprint scanner and non-removable battery like anybody cares about that...you iphone people are so devoid of any fun or features on your phone that you have to bring up but a fingerprint scanner...my god, the irony and hilarity is so massive here and it totally seems to go over your head....
faceless, 06 Jul 2015it's intentionally.. no way it is a coincidence. it's marketing simply saying that they are be... moreTrue. The real meaning is actually intended to say that S6 Edge is greater than S6. And 'We are greater than I' is actually a promo tagline for Marvel Avenger's team that Samsung have been promoting quite a while. But everyone can see what they did there. I doubt it the Korean Samsung did this. This is the work of the US branch Samsung. Apple should diss them back like "Apple a day keep the Samsung away". Bad joke.; True. The real meaning is actually intended to say that S6 Edge is greater than S6. And 'We are greater than I' is actually a promo tagline for Marvel Avenger's team that Samsung have been promoting quite a while. But everyone can see what they did there. I doubt it the Korean Samsung did this. This is the work of the US branch Samsung. Apple should diss them back like "Apple a day keep the Samsung away". Bad joke.
Ok, the story goes like this, I have a friend, he's been addicted to iphone, actually he bought 5 units of iphone 5s before. and now he bought 3 units of iPhone 6.. and 1 unit of 6+. he also have macbooks and ipads, he's crazy right?. But things have changed, He tried Moto G 1st Gen (the most budget friendly andriod, with almost stock android)with lollipop 5.1 now.. What happened next?.. he jailed break all of his iPhones so he can customize them like hes Moto G. I was like, (@.@) .shocked!. I told him, why you did that?.. i look onto hes eyes and he said, i was fooled and robbed by apple of freedom. End of Story.
 
 -Send by my HTC M8; Ok, the story goes like this, I have a friend, he's been addicted to iphone, actually he bought 5 units of iphone 5s before. and now he bought 3 units of iPhone 6.. and 1 unit of 6+. he also have macbooks and ipads, he's crazy right?. But things have changed, He tried Moto G 1st Gen (the most budget friendly andriod, with almost stock android)with lollipop 5.1 now.. What happened next?.. he jailed break all of his iPhones so he can customize them like hes Moto G. I was like, (@.@) .shocked!. I told him, why you did that?.. i look onto hes eyes and he said, i was fooled and robbed by apple of freedom. End of Story.; -Send by my HTC M8
Anonymous, 06 Jul 2015 "somehow people doesn't want the iPhone copy, they want the real thing and that's why iP... moreS6 copy touchID (S5 was slide down fingerprint)
 S6 copy full metal construction
 S6 copy antenna strip
 SVoice copy
 S6 copy no sd slots.
 S6 copy iPhone6 price
 
 Copy copy copy. Project Zero. The project with zero thinking required. Just copy.; S6 copy touchID (S5 was slide down fingerprint); S6 copy full metal construction; S6 copy antenna strip; SVoice copy; S6 copy no sd slots.; S6 copy iPhone6 price; Copy copy copy. Project Zero. The project with zero thinking required. Just copy.
Duel, 05 Jul 2015Actually lot of people are saying IPhone 6 is better than G4 with S6 is more matter of taste, ... more "somehow people doesn't want the iPhone copy, they want the real thing and that's why iPhone 6 sales are huge and S6 looking to be flop, because there isn't customers for two samekind of phones". There is no resemblance in those 2 phones it's make me lough every time i here that, even if there was it would be the other way, because samsung are manufactured about 60%of IP6 parts.. Lough again... And put a leash on your advocates (if it's not you anonymous you again). S; "somehow people doesn't want the iPhone copy, they want the real thing and that's why iPhone 6 sales are huge and S6 looking to be flop, because there isn't customers for two samekind of phones". There is no resemblance in those 2 phones it's make me lough every time i here that, even if there was it would be the other way, because samsung are manufactured about 60%of IP6 parts.. Lough again... And put a leash on your advocates (if it's not you anonymous you again). S
After using iPhone. You will use no other phones.
 
 There are people who refuse to believe it, they begin their painful, laggy and slow venture into Android land. HTC, Sony... Samsung ... LG... and finally they will go back to Apple.
 
 Because no others can create the same enjoyment that iPhone can give.; After using iPhone. You will use no other phones.; There are people who refuse to believe it, they begin their painful, laggy and slow venture into Android land. HTC, Sony... Samsung ... LG... and finally they will go back to Apple.; Because no others can create the same enjoyment that iPhone can give.
Funny, 05 Jul 2015"6 is greater than 6" and now "We are greater than i". These Samsung ads t... moreit's intentionally.. no way it is a coincidence. it's marketing simply saying that they are better than apple.. in a subtle way.; it's intentionally.. no way it is a coincidence. it's marketing simply saying that they are better than apple.. in a subtle way.
Duel, 05 Jul 2015Actually lot of people are saying IPhone 6 is better than G4 with S6 is more matter of taste, ... moreCan sumbody inform me on how du I about inspite of using siri in my new iphone6??pls!; Can sumbody inform me on how du I about inspite of using siri in my new iphone6??pls!
Pancake, 05 Jul 2015With all due respect, is is because people like you that so many people dislike iphones...you ... moreActually lot of people are saying IPhone 6 is better than G4 with S6 is more matter of taste, both are great great phones, but somehow people doesn't want the iPhone copy, they want the real thing and that's why iPhone 6 sales are huge and S6 looking to be flop, because there isn't customers for two samekind of phones.
 
 Best smartphone of 2015 so far: iPhone 6 vs Samsung Galaxy S6 vs HTC One M9 vs LG G4
 
 http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/best-smartphone-2015-so­-far-iphone-6-vs-samsung-galaxy-s6-vs-htc-one-m9­-vs-lg-g4-1503877; Actually lot of people are saying IPhone 6 is better than G4 with S6 is more matter of taste, both are great great phones, but somehow people doesn't want the iPhone copy, they want the real thing and that's why iPhone 6 sales are huge and S6 looking to be flop, because there isn't customers for two samekind of phones.; Best smartphone of 2015 so far: iPhone 6 vs Samsung Galaxy S6 vs HTC One M9 vs LG G4
"6 is greater than 6" and now "We are greater than i". These Samsung ads taglines are unintentionally directed to Apple iphone somehow.; "6 is greater than 6" and now "We are greater than i". These Samsung ads taglines are unintentionally directed to Apple iphone somehow.
gaurav bigg, 04 Jul 2015A device which shows you how much can be done with how little of it.The product is sublime.The... moreWith all due respect, is is because people like you that so many people dislike iphones...you are talking about a tech device like it is a gift from the gods, yet it's a device that doesn't even make it in the top 5 of its category...no one who knows smartphones, considers this to be better than the S6 or Note 4, nexus or LG G4, etc...it is perfectly ok for you to like your iphone but you talk about it like it is more important than anything else in your life...and btw, you are missing out, there really are phones out there that can do so much more useful stuff than your iphone...but nevermimd, don't check those out...stick to the same boring OS year after year for all i care but stop puting a piece of cheap technology on a pedestal...; With all due respect, is is because people like you that so many people dislike iphones...you are talking about a tech device like it is a gift from the gods, yet it's a device that doesn't even make it in the top 5 of its category...no one who knows smartphones, considers this to be better than the S6 or Note 4, nexus or LG G4, etc...it is perfectly ok for you to like your iphone but you talk about it like it is more important than anything else in your life...and btw, you are missing out, there really are phones out there that can do so much more useful stuff than your iphone...but nevermimd, don't check those out...stick to the same boring OS year after year for all i care but stop puting a piece of cheap technology on a pedestal...
I'm so disappointed that the iPhone 6 front camera shifted/Mis-aligned even I never dropped my phone.; I'm so disappointed that the iPhone 6 front camera shifted/Mis-aligned even I never dropped my phone.
gaurav bigg, 04 Jul 2015A device which shows you how much can be done with how little of it.The product is sublime.The... moreWell that was cringe-worthy to read. I wish they would've thought about giving me NFC or being able to switch the data off easier than having to go through Apple's cheap menu, or simply being able to set a cap on my data allowance (literally evey other phone allows for that) or ability to multitask or record with both cameras at the same time, just a few things that cross my mind...or I would've preferred a phone that actually looks nice, not this poor lit ugly brick that seems to appreciate bezels more than screen...if it were true craftmanship involved, this phone would cost more than $150 pricetag to manufacture and ship....if you want craftmanship look at the S6 Edge...but hey, happy for you, less is more for some...; Well that was cringe-worthy to read. I wish they would've thought about giving me NFC or being able to switch the data off easier than having to go through Apple's cheap menu, or simply being able to set a cap on my data allowance (literally evey other phone allows for that) or ability to multitask or record with both cameras at the same time, just a few things that cross my mind...or I would've preferred a phone that actually looks nice, not this poor lit ugly brick that seems to appreciate bezels more than screen...if it were true craftmanship involved, this phone would cost more than $150 pricetag to manufacture and ship....if you want craftmanship look at the S6 Edge...but hey, happy for you, less is more for some...
Bought Iphone6 and very same day experienced hanging problem after 20 days sunddenly phone's vibrator count off, used Iphone 5 for more then 2 years but never had such problems, need more attention Apple!!!; Bought Iphone6 and very same day experienced hanging problem after 20 days sunddenly phone's vibrator count off, used Iphone 5 for more then 2 years but never had such problems, need more attention Apple!!!
Duel, 03 Jul 2015"But iCloud backs up only a few gigabytes of data, and after that kiss your precious phot... morebut we have to pay alot for enjoying every features in an iphone; but we have to pay alot for enjoying every features in an iphone
who are you to ask anything
 its his choice 
 owning an iPhone is not rocket science; who are you to ask anything; its his choice; owning an iPhone is not rocket science
swirly, 03 Jul 2015Uhhh I just listed brands that provide near-stock Android UI... I didn't tell anyone to on... moreI know the message was for Ben but I replied to you because the list. I apologise for the confusion.; I know the message was for Ben but I replied to you because the list. I apologise for the confusion.
bapun, 03 Jul 2015having problems with whatsapp messenger. coz I am not getting the notification or push massage... morego to general settings then notifications then see whether whats app is include in notification or not. if not just include.; go to general settings then notifications then see whether whats app is include in notification or not. if not just include.
WHether is it better to but iphone 6 or should i wait for its next version.. coz this model would become outdated after the upcoming model..; WHether is it better to but iphone 6 or should i wait for its next version.. coz this model would become outdated after the upcoming model..
To joker, 03 Jul 2015Duel.. . I can't assimilate how are you measure and you can speak of behalf of iphone 6 when y... morewell joker do you actually an iphone6? have you owned it for more then a month? who the hell are you to come in here and attack actual iphone users.; well joker do you actually an iphone6? have you owned it for more then a month? who the hell are you to come in here and attack actual iphone users.
Sabba, 03 Jul 2015I m using samsung s6 really disappointed becasue s6 lags many times now i m back to iphone and... moreClearly you are liar, just ask from pear; Clearly you are liar, just ask from pear
Duel, 02 Jul 2015You are wrong, i have said here many many times that S6 is actually first android device ever ... moreI m using samsung s6 really disappointed becasue s6 lags many times now i m back to iphone and really haopy wth iphone 6 and never back to samsung; I m using samsung s6 really disappointed becasue s6 lags many times now i m back to iphone and really haopy wth iphone 6 and never back to samsung
Duel.. . I can't assimilate how are you measure and you can speak of behalf of iphone 6 when you dont even have it, not to mention that you have never even smell android nowadays flagships.. So stop make me lough with your"opinion"! S; Duel.. . I can't assimilate how are you measure and you can speak of behalf of iphone 6 when you dont even have it, not to mention that you have never even smell android nowadays flagships.. So stop make me lough with your"opinion"! S
swirly, 03 Jul 2015Many smartphones have near-stock Android UI, such as Motorola, Alcatel, Asus, OnePlus, and Blu... moreSo what your telling another user to do is either use stock android, so buy a nexus or midrange phone which is what you listed. I'm sorry but I see loads of problems in your logic both G4 and Samsung are easily the best android phones available but both have its own ui which is what you have told others to stay away from. As I stated earlier nexus 6 is a excellent device but 6 inch device might be too big for the average phone user. I don't see how downgrading them selfs from an iPhone 6 or 5s to midrange androids benefits them...; So what your telling another user to do is either use stock android, so buy a nexus or midrange phone which is what you listed. I'm sorry but I see loads of problems in your logic both G4 and Samsung are easily the best android phones available but both have its own ui which is what you have told others to stay away from. As I stated earlier nexus 6 is a excellent device but 6 inch device might be too big for the average phone user. I don't see how downgrading them selfs from an iPhone 6 or 5s to midrange androids benefits them...
Luvin this phone a lot..; Luvin this phone a lot..
Duel, 03 Jul 2015"You had to look quite deep" those links were from first page... first links whic... moreok; ok
Ben, 03 Jul 2015So, you are actually very wrong. That is the downside to being an iPhone user, you don't reall... more"But iCloud backs up only a few gigabytes of data, and after that kiss your precious photos goodbye"
 
 You can upgrade your iCloud storage size if you want more space, biggest option is 1TB should be enough for everybody :)
 
 Also even if you only use that 5gb The photos are saved in your computer automaticly if you want. So when you remove your photos from your iOS device they are safe in your PC or Mac.; "But iCloud backs up only a few gigabytes of data, and after that kiss your precious photos goodbye"; You can upgrade your iCloud storage size if you want more space, biggest option is 1TB should be enough for everybody :); Also even if you only use that 5gb The photos are saved in your computer automaticly if you want. So when you remove your photos from your iOS device they are safe in your PC or Mac.
Pear, 03 Jul 2015You had to look quite deep in the annals of the internet to find one publication that places t... more"You had to look quite deep"
 
 those links were from first page... first links which i clicked. Nice try, also funny response, oh no iPhone won, can't be true borin boring.; "You had to look quite deep"; those links were from first page... first links which i clicked. Nice try, also funny response, oh no iPhone won, can't be true borin boring.
Anonymous, 03 Jul 2015If you have gone through all the settings like checked notifications, privacy. I would try rei... moreplease use whatsapp via mobile data...then please tell me; please use whatsapp via mobile data...then please tell me
Ben, 03 Jul 2015So, you are actually very wrong. That is the downside to being an iPhone user, you don't reall... moreagree with you...iam using iphone 5s and iam fed up using the phone..using itunes is horrible...an android phone transfer data so easily to the PC...i turned off back up to the icloud because i only have 5GB and should pay for storage expansion....i am getting irritated where i see PAID !!!!! everywhere is "PAID PAID PAID" for complete user experience i have to pay eveywhere and enjoy i have stuck in 2 year contract and soon after i will sell this and buy an android phone....; agree with you...iam using iphone 5s and iam fed up using the phone..using itunes is horrible...an android phone transfer data so easily to the PC...i turned off back up to the icloud because i only have 5GB and should pay for storage expansion....i am getting irritated where i see PAID !!!!!
everywhere is "PAID PAID PAID"
for complete user experience i have to pay eveywhere and enjoy
i have stuck in 2 year contract and soon after i will sell this and buy an android phone....
Duel, 02 Jul 2015http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/best-smartphone-2015-so-far-iphone-6-vs-samsung-galaxy-s6-vs-htc-one-... moreYou had to look quite deep in the annals of the internet to find one publication that places the S6 on the same qality level as the iphone 6. Do another search, 99% of the tech publications out there have the S6 or G4 or an Android flagship as the best phone out there...; You had to look quite deep in the annals of the internet to find one publication that places the S6 on the same qality level as the iphone 6. Do another search, 99% of the tech publications out there have the S6 or G4 or an Android flagship as the best phone out there...
Duel, 01 Jul 2015"most people will choose a Moto E or Moto G at the end of the day because they do 99% of ... more"End of the day most of people are chosing iPhone 6." Still telling jokes around here... 18%of all mobile phone users is faaaaar of most of the people!! But in other hand 76%(wich is the number of android users) is in the end of the day MOST of people are chosing. You made my day again Thx... Hahaha. S; "End of the day most of people are chosing iPhone 6." Still telling jokes around here... 18%of all mobile phone users is faaaaar of most of the people!! But in other hand 76%(wich is the number of android users) is in the end of the day MOST of people are chosing. You made my day again Thx... Hahaha. S
Ben, 03 Jul 2015So, you are actually very wrong. That is the downside to being an iPhone user, you don't reall... moreJust curious why not Samsung and why stock android because the only phone that pretty much uses stock android is nexus all other android devices use its own UI skin. Nexus 6 although a fantastic device Might be too big at 6'inch. Touch wiz has not got all the bloat ware it had in previous models like s4 and s5 so Samsung is not a bad device. I would defiantly stay away from devices using qualcomms snapdragon 810 personally because of the performance drop.; Just curious why not Samsung and why stock android because the only phone that pretty much uses stock android is nexus all other android devices use its own UI skin. Nexus 6 although a fantastic device Might be too big at 6'inch. Touch wiz has not got all the bloat ware it had in previous models like s4 and s5 so Samsung is not a bad device. I would defiantly stay away from devices using qualcomms snapdragon 810 personally because of the performance drop.
bapun, 03 Jul 2015having problems with whatsapp messenger. coz I am not getting the notification or push massage... moreIf you have gone through all the settings like checked notifications, privacy. I would try reinstalling the app. Also try what's app help page https://www.whatsapp.com/faq/en/android/28000008­­ they also you can contact them directly support@whatsapp.com I have not come across your problem personally and hopefully someone on this page has had the same problem and can help you better.; If you have gone through all the settings like checked notifications, privacy. I would try reinstalling the app. Also try what's app help page; ­ they also you can contact them directly support@whatsapp.com I have not come across your problem personally and hopefully someone on this page has had the same problem and can help you better.
Anonymous, 02 Jul 2015"So why then note 4 or lg g4 user switching to iPhone 6 or 6+? Doesn't make any sense. Us... morehaving problems with whatsapp messenger. coz I am not getting the notification or push massages. I have checked the settings but all ok. the background refreshing is on. but when I open the whatsapp it always showing connecting with a processing symbol. this problem I have never occurred with my android phones. it's very very annoying. please tell me a solution; having problems with whatsapp messenger. coz I am not getting the notification or push massages. I have checked the settings but all ok. the background refreshing is on. but when I open the whatsapp it always showing connecting with a processing symbol. this problem I have never occurred with my android phones. it's very very annoying. please tell me a solution
Anonymous, 02 Jul 2015Highly advance mobile. With iPhone and Retina Macbook Pro. You can take on any computing ne... moreSo, you are actually very wrong. That is the downside to being an iPhone user, you don't really know what you're missing. Don't buy a Samsung though. Buy something running stock Android. Anyway to my point...the only full backup to iPhones is iTunes. Sure, you have iCloud. But iCloud backs up only a few gigabytes of data, and after that kiss your precious photos goodbye. So your only automatic backup is limited. Now let's talk Android. You can actually copy your music to and from the device without jumping through the synchronization hell loops of iTunes. Or you could just store a large amount on Google music. Can't do that with Apple unless you pay. What about photos, apps, and contacts? Those are ALL backed up to your Google account, automatically. Yep! Also, there's no limit on your photos. Never lose a precious moment because you took too many photos. I could go on but I covered your concerns.; So, you are actually very wrong. That is the downside to being an iPhone user, you don't really know what you're missing. Don't buy a Samsung though. Buy something running stock Android. 
Anyway to my point...the only full backup to iPhones is iTunes. Sure, you have iCloud. But iCloud backs up only a few gigabytes of data, and after that kiss your precious photos goodbye. So your only automatic backup is limited. 
Now let's talk Android. You can actually copy your music to and from the device without jumping through the synchronization hell loops of iTunes. Or you could just store a large amount on Google music. Can't do that with Apple unless you pay. What about photos, apps, and contacts? Those are ALL backed up to your Google account, automatically. Yep! Also, there's no limit on your photos. Never lose a precious moment because you took too many photos. 
I could go on but I covered your concerns.
only for decent look. ...... recommend is Samsung Android or other Android. ....; only for decent look. ...... recommend is Samsung Android or other Android. ....
Duel, 02 Jul 2015"The iphone 6 is a good phone, yet no one out there considers it to be better over the li... more"So why then note 4 or lg g4 user switching to iPhone 6 or 6+? Doesn't make any sense. Usually people change their phone when there's something wrong about it" Wrong people change because they can and get fed up with the same device for 2 years. People change cloths, cars, holiday destinations, houses because there's a choice and they like to try something different so your analogy is incorrect.; "So why then note 4 or lg g4 user switching to iPhone 6 or 6+? Doesn't make any sense. Usually people change their phone when there's something wrong about it" 
Wrong people change because they can and get fed up with the same device for 2 years. People change cloths, cars, holiday destinations, houses because there's a choice and they like to try something different so your analogy is incorrect.
Duel, 02 Jul 2015Exactly you can't compare iOS to android, they both have their pros and cons, clearly iPhone w... moreThere's more to android than just customisation. Accessories are cheaper it's easier to stream videos and movies to smart TVs without having to fork out lots of money on other Apple products. Even a jail broke iPhone still offers less ways to customise the device. It's not just nerds and kids that use the devices and I don't know how on earth you can come to such a conclusion. To customise isn't just to change fonts and screen animations it's to put apps and files in a simple order to make the device more suited for ones needs.; There's more to android than just customisation. Accessories are cheaper it's easier to stream videos and movies to smart TVs without having to fork out lots of money on other Apple products. Even a jail broke iPhone still offers less ways to customise the device. It's not just nerds and kids that use the devices and I don't know how on earth you can come to such a conclusion. To customise isn't just to change fonts and screen animations it's to put apps and files in a simple order to make the device more suited for ones needs.
Duel, 02 Jul 2015Exactly you can't compare iOS to android, they both have their pros and cons, clearly iPhone w... moreWouldn't recommend jail breaking the device and losing warranty on the device. Jail breaking isn't good for the security of the device either.; Wouldn't recommend jail breaking the device and losing warranty on the device. Jail breaking isn't good for the security of the device either.
Pear, 02 Jul 2015You can't seriously say these things without actually having a grasp of the market...i work in... morehttp://www.ibtimes.co.uk/best-smartphone-2015-so­-far-iphone-6-vs-samsung-galaxy-s6-vs-htc-one-m9­-vs-lg-g4-1503877 
 
 Final Scores:
 
 Apple iPhone 6: 9/10
 Samsung Galaxy S6: 9/10
 HTC One M9: 8/10
 LG G4: 8/10; Final Scores:; Apple iPhone 6: 9/10; Samsung Galaxy S6: 9/10; HTC One M9: 8/10; LG G4: 8/10
Pear, 02 Jul 2015You can't seriously say these things without actually having a grasp of the market...i work in... morehttp://www.trustedreviews.com/opinions/lg-g4-vs-­iphone-6 Check the verdict... Do you see it now? It's all about overall experience which matters, thats why iPhone 6 won LG G4 even when you said that can't happen.; Check the verdict...
Do you see it now? It's all about overall experience which matters, thats why iPhone 6 won LG G4 even when you said that can't happen.
Anonymous, 02 Jul 2015Good point but I do feel it all comes down to software preference for most. You are correct in... moreExactly you can't compare iOS to android, they both have their pros and cons, clearly iPhone with iOS just offers better overall experience what people currently want. Also most of people doesnt care about customization, so it's not big deal, they just want device which is reliable and works everytime like it was just taken from the box.
 
 Some tech nerds and kids might like customization, but you can do that with jailbroken iPhone too if thats what you want.; Exactly you can't compare iOS to android, they both have their pros and cons, clearly iPhone with iOS just offers better overall experience what people currently want. Also most of people doesnt care about customization, so it's not big deal, they just want device which is reliable and works everytime like it was just taken from the box.; Some tech nerds and kids might like customization, but you can do that with jailbroken iPhone too if thats what you want.
Pear, 02 Jul 2015You can't seriously say these things without actually having a grasp of the market...i work in... more"The iphone 6 is a good phone, yet no one out there considers it to be better over the likes of S6, Note 4 or my personal fav LG G4.."
 
 So why then note 4 or lg g4 user switching to iPhone 6 or 6+? Doesn't make any sense. Usually people change their phone when there's something wrong about it, if you are happy with your choice you usually keep the same brand. Apple have most loyal fans because users like their devices a lot.
 
 By the way, android boys also giving a lot of free advertising for Apple (maybe even more), everytime when you guys come here to talk you wake up this thread, you guys have helped iPhone 6 back to gsmarena trending list it was already out from the list but now it has been few weeks in top 5.; "The iphone 6 is a good phone, yet no one out there considers it to be better over the likes of S6, Note 4 or my personal fav LG G4.."; So why then note 4 or lg g4 user switching to iPhone 6 or 6+? Doesn't make any sense. Usually people change their phone when there's something wrong about it, if you are happy with your choice you usually keep the same brand. Apple have most loyal fans because users like their devices a lot.; By the way, android boys also giving a lot of free advertising for Apple (maybe even more), everytime when you guys come here to talk you wake up this thread, you guys have helped iPhone 6 back to gsmarena trending list it was already out from the list but now it has been few weeks in top 5.
having problems with whatsapp messenger. coz I am not getting the notification or push massages. I have checked the settings but all ok. the background refreshing is on. but when I open the whatsapp it always showing connecting with a processing symbol. this problem I have never occurred with my android phones. it's very very annoying. please tell me a solution; having problems with whatsapp messenger. coz I am not getting the notification or push massages. I have checked the settings but all ok. the background refreshing is on. but when I open the whatsapp it always showing connecting with a processing symbol. this problem I have never occurred with my android phones. it's very very annoying. please tell me a solution
swirly, 01 Jul 2015iPhone 6 is not way behind technology. The pictures it produces from the 8 MP camera is more o... moreThe pictures it produces from the 8 MP camera is more or less the same of quality as the ones produced from the 16 MP camera of the S6????
 
 Dude stop smoking that stuff.
 If you honestly think the iphone camera provides as good a pic as the S6 then something is seriously wrong with your eyes and you need to go to the opticians.
 I have looked at various sites comparing the 2 and the iphone camera is good but nowhere near the S6.
 Sorry.; The pictures it produces from the 8 MP camera is more or less the same of quality as the ones produced from the 16 MP camera of the S6????; Dude stop smoking that stuff.; If you honestly think the iphone camera provides as good a pic as the S6 then something is seriously wrong with your eyes and you need to go to the opticians.; I have looked at various sites comparing the 2 and the iphone camera is good but nowhere near the S6.; Sorry.
iPhone is Good because camera lens protector by Sapphire Glass, Body Hardly scratch, Battery damn good in 2015 phones; iPhone is Good because camera lens protector by Sapphire Glass, Body Hardly scratch, Battery damn good in 2015 phones
Duel, 02 Jul 2015You are wrong, i have said here many many times that S6 is actually first android device ever ... moreGood point but I do feel it all comes down to software preference for most. You are correct in saying the s6 is similar to the iPhone but they do have a lot of differences also, customisation being a big part in favour of android and the simplicity as I pointed out in iOS.; Good point but I do feel it all comes down to software preference for most. You are correct in saying the s6 is similar to the iPhone but they do have a lot of differences also, customisation being a big part in favour of android and the simplicity as I pointed out in iOS.
Duel, 02 Jul 2015You are wrong, i have said here many many times that S6 is actually first android device ever ... moreYou can't seriously say these things without actually having a grasp of the market...i work in a phoneshop, i know how iphones are perceived. If you think iphone 6 huge selling numbers are due to the phone itself, then you sincerely are wrong. The iphone 6 is a good phone, yet no one out there considers it to be better over the likes of S6, Note 4 or my personal fav LG G4...i have kids, 5, 6 year olds coming into this shop that shout angrily at their parents for even considering something other than an iPhone...what Apple have done is stunning, via the power of branding alone, they have created an empire...look at you, you are inadvertently advertising for them for free here and probably on many other boards. Soon enough they won't even have to invest in advertising, because legions of loyal fans will do the work for them. And i agree with the previous poster, being brand loyal is very detrimental. You are seriously missing out on some amazing technology out there. I have said it before, i own an iMac, a Lenovo tablet (soon to be changed to a Windows one), a Sony smartband, an LG phone and now intend to purchase a Samsung smartwatch (even though i find them quite useless)....it's fun mixing and testing all sort of technology...especially when it comes to phones...here, where i live, NFC for example is becoming a big thing and iphones would not let me thrive properly in my current environment...; You can't seriously say these things without actually having a grasp of the market...i work in a phoneshop, i know how iphones are perceived. If you think iphone 6 huge selling numbers are due to the phone itself, then you sincerely are wrong. The iphone 6 is a good phone, yet no one out there considers it to be better over the likes of S6, Note 4 or my personal fav LG G4...i have kids, 5, 6 year olds coming into this shop that shout angrily at their parents for even considering something other than an iPhone...what Apple have done is stunning, via the power of branding alone, they have created an empire...look at you, you are inadvertently advertising for them for free here and probably on many other boards. Soon enough they won't even have to invest in advertising, because legions of loyal fans will do the work for them. And i agree with the previous poster, being brand loyal is very detrimental. You are seriously missing out on some amazing technology out there. I have said it before, i own an iMac, a Lenovo tablet (soon to be changed to a Windows one), a Sony smartband, an LG phone and now intend to purchase a Samsung smartwatch (even though i find them quite useless)....it's fun mixing and testing all sort of technology...especially when it comes to phones...here, where i live, NFC for example is becoming a big thing and iphones would not let me thrive properly in my current environment...
Anonymous, 02 Jul 2015I like my iPhone it's easy to use good user experience, I tend to use it when I'm in a rush bu... moreYou are wrong, i have said here many many times that S6 is actually first android device ever which i could buy, It's great step and samsung finally have solved the lag and bad framerate problems with games etc. Performance wise S6 is very near of iPhone 6.
 
 If you buy iPhone 6 or S6 you are very likely going to be very happy with both of the device. Somehow it just looks like people prefer iPhone 6 over S6 which are many ways samekind on phones with same limitations etc. Samsung tried to do iPhone with iPhone price tag and feel, but it looks like people want the original one.
 
 Maybe the android is problem for most and not the S6? maybe touchwiz is the biggest problem? hard to say.; You are wrong, i have said here many many times that S6 is actually first android device ever which i could buy, It's great step and samsung finally have solved the lag and bad framerate problems with games etc. Performance wise S6 is very near of iPhone 6.; If you buy iPhone 6 or S6 you are very likely going to be very happy with both of the device. Somehow it just looks like people prefer iPhone 6 over S6 which are many ways samekind on phones with same limitations etc. Samsung tried to do iPhone with iPhone price tag and feel, but it looks like people want the original one.; Maybe the android is problem for most and not the S6? maybe touchwiz is the biggest problem? hard to say.
Duel, 01 Jul 2015"but let me know when you actually get to nr 1 in tech publication's top smartphones...&q... moreI like my iPhone it's easy to use good user experience, I tend to use it when I'm in a rush but I also love having my android for entertainment. Just feels better for watching videos, gaming and now photos. My iPhone is better for its simplicity its music and the design. Both phones don't disappoint so I don't understand why you Feel the need to have a moan about android devices. You are saying to Pear that he or she is boring and moans about Apple all the time yet you have been doing the same thing about android devices for months. I have seen your comments on s6 gsmarena sales on gsm news and you had made up story's about multi core processors a couple of weeks ago. talk about the pot calling the kettle. I just hope someone buys you a s6 aswel so you can have best of both worlds that way you can stop bitching and make positive comments rather than boring information about sale figures, biased opinions and lies you learn from YouTube. You clearly have good knowledge about iPhone and seem quite educated it's just a shame that you restrict your knowledge to just one product and not give other devices and software a look in. I will never be brand loyal and can't see why others would do so. After all it's your money and you don't owe these rich companies anything.; I like my iPhone it's easy to use good user experience, I tend to use it when I'm in a rush but I also love having my android for entertainment. Just feels better for watching videos, gaming and now photos. My iPhone is better for its simplicity its music and the design. Both phones don't disappoint so I don't understand why you Feel the need to have a moan about android devices. You are saying to Pear that he or she is boring and moans about Apple all the time yet you have been doing the same thing about android devices for months. I have seen your comments on s6 gsmarena sales on gsm news and you had made up story's about multi core processors a couple of weeks ago. talk about the pot calling the kettle. I just hope someone buys you a s6 aswel so you can have best of both worlds that way you can stop bitching and make positive comments rather than boring information about sale figures, biased opinions and lies you learn from YouTube. You clearly have good knowledge about iPhone and seem quite educated it's just a shame that you restrict your knowledge to just one product and not give other devices and software a look in. I will never be brand loyal and can't see why others would do so. After all it's your money and you don't owe these rich companies anything.
Pk, 01 Jul 2015Hi everyone .....this pranav here I just wanna tell u that iPhone sux iPhone 6 is much worse n... moreThat will make people here happy...if 3 year olds can use it, they will think it's some achievement...i agree though, it's a brill phone for under 6 year olds, the elderly or people with disabilities...but if you are fortunate enough to be ok and over 6 years of age, then iOS is a bit too boring...; That will make people here happy...if 3 year olds can use it, they will think it's some achievement...i agree though, it's a brill phone for under 6 year olds, the elderly or people with disabilities...but if you are fortunate enough to be ok and over 6 years of age, then iOS is a bit too boring...
Highly advance mobile.
 
 With iPhone and Retina Macbook Pro. You can take on any computing needs the world throws at you, anytime, anywhere.
 
 If someone/something trashes your iPhone or rMBP, just restore from your backup, and your good to go again.
 
 I can't say any other brands or product that does this soo well.; Highly advance mobile.; With iPhone and Retina Macbook Pro. You can take on any computing needs the world throws at you, anytime, anywhere.; If someone/something trashes your iPhone or rMBP, just restore from your backup, and your good to go again.; I can't say any other brands or product that does this soo well.
skd, 22 Aug 2014Very poor specifications. 1: 8MP.....0/10 2: Nano Sim....2/10 3: Card Slot: No.....0/10 4:... morehahahah its obviously you know nothing bout Iphone.. lmao; hahahah its obviously you know nothing bout Iphone.. lmao
Pear, 01 Jul 2015Yes mate, i love your made up numbers too...no one is saying that iphone 6 is not selling...it... moreThat is so true. The reason iphone is loved because of it simple OS.; That is so true. The reason iphone is loved because of it simple OS.
swirly, 01 Jul 2015It's actually a good thing your 3 y/o sister is able to use it properly. It shows that iOS is ... moreAnd very intuitive it works like you think it would work, that's why kids learn to use it fast because it feels so natural.; And very intuitive it works like you think it would work, that's why kids learn to use it fast because it feels so natural.
haha, i was on this board a month ago and the same people say the same things day after day...there is one guy here Duel, must live a truly sad existence...in a way I admire Apple and the fact that it managed to make "humans" like Duel advertise for them for free...if you give him arguments of why some other phones are better, his comeback is "yes, but iphones is SELLING!"...in his eyes that is the most important thing...day in and day out he or another Anonymous guy are on this board defending iphones from people like me, who genuinly couldn't care less which phone one buys (i bet the reply to this will be "you say you don't care, but you are here, you love iphones, face it...you want one, you can't afford it"...this phone's fans really make me laugh...
 
 Anyway, i have made the transition to an S6 as well and wooow, now that feels and acts like a premium high end phone...battery, camera, OS, screen, everything is top notch...never going back to iphones i am afraid to say...; haha, i was on this board a month ago and the same people say the same things day after day...there is one guy here Duel, must live a truly sad existence...in a way I admire Apple and the fact that it managed to make "humans" like Duel advertise for them for free...if you give him arguments of why some other phones are better, his comeback is "yes, but iphones is SELLING!"...in his eyes that is the most important thing...day in and day out he or another Anonymous guy are on this board defending iphones from people like me, who genuinly couldn't care less which phone one buys (i bet the reply to this will be "you say you don't care, but you are here, you love iphones, face it...you want one, you can't afford it"...this phone's fans really make me laugh...; Anyway, i have made the transition to an S6 as well and wooow, now that feels and acts like a premium high end phone...battery, camera, OS, screen, everything is top notch...never going back to iphones i am afraid to say...
Hi guys it's pranav here .......I just wanna tell u guys that iPhone is shit it sux n iPhone 6 is worse no shit has changed and m sure nothing will change in iPhone 7 too it is basically for lazy ppl ....my 3 yrs old sis can also use it n she has learned it on her own so I recommended every1not to buy this shit u will regret; Hi guys it's pranav here .......I just wanna tell u guys that iPhone is shit it sux n iPhone 6 is worse no shit has changed and m sure nothing will change in iPhone 7 too it is basically for lazy ppl ....my 3 yrs old sis can also use it n she has learned it on her own so I recommended every1not to buy this shit u will regret
Hi everyone .....this pranav here I just wanna tell u that iPhone sux iPhone 6 is much worse nothing has changed except of some small things it is a total wastage of money it's better if u buy iPhone 5s which is for 35000 now ,but I think is that iPhone is for lazy people it is soooo easy that even my 3 year old sister can use it.; Hi everyone .....this pranav here I just wanna tell u that iPhone sux iPhone 6 is much worse nothing has changed except of some small things it is a total wastage of money it's better if u buy iPhone 5s which is for 35000 now ,but I think is that iPhone is for lazy people it is soooo easy that even my 3 year old sister can use it.
Duel, 01 Jul 2015"but let me know when you actually get to nr 1 in tech publication's top smartphones...&q... moreMaybe they are buying those motorola phones instead S6 :); Maybe they are buying those motorola phones instead S6 :)
Pear, 01 Jul 2015Yes mate, i love your made up numbers too...no one is saying that iphone 6 is not selling...it... more"but let me know when you actually get to nr 1 in tech publication's top smartphones..."
 
 and how that's exactly helping Samsung? 
 
 "Lower than expected Galaxy S6 sales fail to drag struggling Samsung back into profitability"
 
 So why not even android users buy S6? With all user base with android S6 should be hit with huge numbers, so why that's not happening?; "but let me know when you actually get to nr 1 in tech publication's top smartphones..."; and how that's exactly helping Samsung?; "Lower than expected Galaxy S6 sales fail to drag struggling Samsung back into profitability"; So why not even android users buy S6? With all user base with android S6 should be hit with huge numbers, so why that's not happening?
Pear, 01 Jul 2015Yes mate, i love your made up numbers too...no one is saying that iphone 6 is not selling...it... moreYou are repeating these same lines month after month here, what you are trying to prove? People like you are one big reason why iPhone is so popular, no matter if you like it or hate it you are addicted and you just have to talk about Apple and iPhone etc. all the time Everytime when someone say that he likes iPhone, you are giving those exact same lines how you don't like it because that and that and that, it feels like you are putting yourself over others and can't accept the fact that lot of people like iPhone. No other company have that kind of passion haters and fans, which just say that "you" are boring. And what made up numbers you mean? I didnt talk about any numbers; You are repeating these same lines month after month here, what you are trying to prove? People like you are one big reason why iPhone is so popular, no matter if you like it or hate it you are addicted and you just have to talk about Apple and iPhone etc. all the time
Everytime when someone say that he likes iPhone, you are giving those exact same lines how you don't like it because that and that and that, it feels like you are putting yourself over others and can't accept the fact that lot of people like iPhone.
No other company have that kind of passion haters and fans, which just say that "you" are boring.
And what made up numbers you mean? I didnt talk about any numbers
Duel, 01 Jul 2015"most people will choose a Moto E or Moto G at the end of the day because they do 99% of ... moreYes mate, i love your made up numbers too...no one is saying that iphone 6 is not selling...it is by far the biggest selling smartphone this year, if not ever...but a lot of people tend to not go with the popular choice and with their own head...the sad truth is that the iphone 6 is way behind on technology, has an extremely boring and restrictive OS, looks cheap and underperforms in camera and battery life...so i am happy you are happy thaat you are number one in sales, but let me know when you actually get to nr 1 in tech publication's top smartphones...; Yes mate, i love your made up numbers too...no one is saying that iphone 6 is not selling...it is by far the biggest selling smartphone this year, if not ever...but a lot of people tend to not go with the popular choice and with their own head...the sad truth is that the iphone 6 is way behind on technology, has an extremely boring and restrictive OS, looks cheap and underperforms in camera and battery life...so i am happy you are happy thaat you are number one in sales, but let me know when you actually get to nr 1 in tech publication's top smartphones...
Pear, 01 Jul 2015Well, iphones are popular amongst people who don't care about quality so much, but prefer bran... more"most people will choose a Moto E or Moto G at the end of the day because they do 99% of what your iphone does for a fifth of the price..."
 
 Motorola :D you are funny...
 
 But they doesn't run iOS so what you said is actually lot bigger problem for android OEMs than what is it for Apple because Apple can stand out with iOS.
 
 End of the day most of people are chosing iPhone 6.
 
 In my country carriers released their monthly phone sales stats and iPhone 6 was number one in every carrier, very surprisingly S6 didn't even fit into top 10, but well it hasn't sell well anywhere so it's not that surprise, oh well it really is, i mean doesnt fit into top 10, crazy!
 
 Currently everyone who have money want iPhone 6 because it clearly offers best overall product for consumers and the sales proves that q after q.; "most people will choose a Moto E or Moto G at the end of the day because they do 99% of what your iphone does for a fifth of the price..."; Motorola :D you are funny...; But they doesn't run iOS so what you said is actually lot bigger problem for android OEMs than what is it for Apple because Apple can stand out with iOS.; End of the day most of people are chosing iPhone 6.; In my country carriers released their monthly phone sales stats and iPhone 6 was number one in every carrier, very surprisingly S6 didn't even fit into top 10, but well it hasn't sell well anywhere so it's not that surprise, oh well it really is, i mean doesnt fit into top 10, crazy!; Currently everyone who have money want iPhone 6 because it clearly offers best overall product for consumers and the sales proves that q after q.
Duel, 01 Jul 2015"They seem to be incredibly popular amongst young ones..." IPhone is incredibly p... moreWell, iphones are popular amongst people who don't care about quality so much, but prefer branding. All my rich friends choose Samsung Note 4 or S6, phones which tend to be more expensive than the cheaper iphones...the main demographic for iphones is young ones and older people...and i agree, iphones are peaking just now, but i know a couple of humans who have been massive ifans all their lives and they are getting a bit bored by the same OS and phone year after year. Iphones haven't brought anything new to the table since the touch ID, which is in itself quite boring...other companies also tend to care for people who can't afford flagships...Motorola, Xiami, even LG have this factor and even though you seem to insult people for what they are worth on the capitalist playground, most people will choose a Moto E or Moto G at the end of the day because they do 99% of what your iphone does for a fifth of the price...; Well, iphones are popular amongst people who don't care about quality so much, but prefer branding. All my rich friends choose Samsung Note 4 or S6, phones which tend to be more expensive than the cheaper iphones...the main demographic for iphones is young ones and older people...and i agree, iphones are peaking just now, but i know a couple of humans who have been massive ifans all their lives and they are getting a bit bored by the same OS and phone year after year. Iphones haven't brought anything new to the table since the touch ID, which is in itself quite boring...other companies also tend to care for people who can't afford flagships...Motorola, Xiami, even LG have this factor and even though you seem to insult people for what they are worth on the capitalist playground, most people will choose a Moto E or Moto G at the end of the day because they do 99% of what your iphone does for a fifth of the price...
Pear, 01 Jul 2015This is interesting. I don't care a lot about sales because it does not affect me directly, bu... more"They seem to be incredibly popular amongst young ones..."
 
 IPhone is incredibly popular among almost everyone who have money to buy great phone, most of people who buy flagship phone chose iPhone.; "They seem to be incredibly popular amongst young ones..."; IPhone is incredibly popular among almost everyone who have money to buy great phone, most of people who buy flagship phone chose iPhone.
Anonymous, 01 Jul 2015Fact about iphone, Japan have the highest number of IOS user in the world dominating 51% of th... moreThis is interesting. I don't care a lot about sales because it does not affect me directly, but in a way it does, because other auxiliary industries tend to follow suit what happens in the telecommunication sector.
 
 I think iphones have currently reached their biggest market share right now and i don't think they will continue growing, unless they bring something completely new to the table. They seem to be incredibly popular amongst young ones who are attracted by shiny advertising and older people who are told that iphones are easy to use...a lot of people, businesses and so on tend to stick to samsung note or similar phones and rightfully so, because of better performance, battery, etc...; This is interesting. I don't care a lot about sales because it does not affect me directly, but in a way it does, because other auxiliary industries tend to follow suit what happens in the telecommunication sector.; I think iphones have currently reached their biggest market share right now and i don't think they will continue growing, unless they bring something completely new to the table. They seem to be incredibly popular amongst young ones who are attracted by shiny advertising and older people who are told that iphones are easy to use...a lot of people, businesses and so on tend to stick to samsung note or similar phones and rightfully so, because of better performance, battery, etc...
Chandan, 30 Jun 2015If sar level is nothing than y they mention If htc samsung can manage it very low y can't app... moreFor big player like Apple and many more
 - Money and making huge profits are their primary concern - life and safety issue are secondary.; For big player like Apple and many more; - Money and making huge profits are their primary concern - life and safety issue are secondary.
Fact about iphone, Japan have the highest number of IOS user in the world dominating 51% of the market share. That make me wonder what happened to iphone in its home market. In reverse, Spain have the highest number of Android user dominating an amazing 90% of its market share. Guess people from Spain are not too fond of Apple product. Strangely enough though, in Samsung home market, Apple iphone dominate 33% of S.Korea mobile phone market share while Samsung is still high at 46%. Still, according to US top vendor, Kantar, Galaxy S6 is now the third best selling smartphone in the US just behind Iphone and Galaxy S5.; Fact about iphone, Japan have the highest number of IOS user in the world dominating 51% of the market share. That make me wonder what happened to iphone in its home market. In reverse, Spain have the highest number of Android user dominating an amazing 90% of its market share. Guess people from Spain are not too fond of Apple product. Strangely enough though, in Samsung home market, Apple iphone dominate 33% of S.Korea mobile phone market share while Samsung is still high at 46%. Still, according to US top vendor, Kantar, Galaxy S6 is now the third best selling smartphone in the US just behind Iphone and Galaxy S5.
I love my iPhone 6 ;); I love my iPhone 6 ;)
Does it support OTG; Does it support OTG
swirly, 30 Jun 2015Like I said previously, I can't post the link directly here. It doesn't work. But you can goog... moreToday I told a guy to buy iphone 6 as he only wanted to buy iphone..Then he himself started an argument saying apple is the best in all departments including camera.I told him nothing beats lumia 1020 manual controls. iphone only beats in speed. He started arguing "everyone says iphone camera is the best then you should also like it.". His face had anger on it because I called some other phone's camera superior to iphone. I said sensor size is one of the biggest factors for that he said "everyone says iphone camera is the best. My so many friends have it so no other phones camera can be better than iphone". To this, i just smiled and kept quite; Today I told a guy to buy iphone 6 as he only wanted to buy iphone..Then he himself started an argument saying apple is the best in all departments including camera.I told him nothing beats lumia 1020 manual controls. iphone only beats in speed. He started arguing "everyone says iphone camera is the best then you should also like it.". His face had anger on it because I called some other phone's camera superior to iphone. I said sensor size is one of the biggest factors for that he said "everyone says iphone camera is the best. My so many friends have it so no other phones camera can be better than iphone". To this, i just smiled and kept quite
Anonymous, 30 Jun 2015Who cares how well a rich company is doing on sales with our money. I don't purchase phones to... moreWhy are you using logic on an iphone forum? I have to admit the branding of Apple is crazy good, they made me realize that Google Play Music on my phone exists and it's actually much better than Spotify...; Why are you using logic on an iphone forum? I have to admit the branding of Apple is crazy good, they made me realize that Google Play Music on my phone exists and it's actually much better than Spotify...
Just updated to iOS 8.4 only thing that has changed is iTunes. And a couple of bug fixes. Gonna start my 3 month free trail. Hopefully it will be worth a subscription.; Just updated to iOS 8.4 only thing that has changed is iTunes. And a couple of bug fixes. Gonna start my 3 month free trail. Hopefully it will be worth a subscription.
Does anyone even have a cloud key chain with there phone?
 
 It is toooooo slidey!!!!
 
 There is no JAVA, what!!! I am appalled with this service. 
 
 All I want is a blue one that I wont keep dropping (because of the slideyness).....
 
 A memory card...that is a thing of the past with an iphone.; Does anyone even have a cloud key chain with there phone?; It is toooooo slidey!!!!; There is no JAVA, what!!! I am appalled with this service.; All I want is a blue one that I wont keep dropping (because of the slideyness).....; A memory card...that is a thing of the past with an iphone.
Duel, 29 Jun 2015"Average selling price of smartphones in China jumps 37% thanks to popularity of Apple's ... moreWho cares how well a rich company is doing on sales with our money. I don't purchase phones to make them richer I purchase a device to use and be satisfied with. I'm more concerned over how well the device works and when the next software update is, like normal people. It's truly sad to see others more concerned over manufactures profits that they won't see or benerfit from.; Who cares how well a rich company is doing on sales with our money. I don't purchase phones to make them richer I purchase a device to use and be satisfied with. I'm more concerned over how well the device works and when the next software update is, like normal people. It's truly sad to see others more concerned over manufactures profits that they won't see or benerfit from.
swirly, 29 Jun 2015SAR is not everything. FCC released an article last year about it and you can read it on their... moreIf sar level is nothing than y they mention
 If htc samsung can manage it very low y can't apple
 Apple always claim for best hardware best software best brand best resale ..whn it come on health issue it also playing with us 
 Like nestle maggi in india 
 Apple is just filling gov norms 
 Im also huge fan of Apple but after getting this sar value im shocked 
 I didn't expect these type sar value from i6 
 Im not satisfied with ur reply 
 Prove me wrong; If sar level is nothing than y they mention; If htc samsung can manage it very low y can't apple; Apple always claim for best hardware best software best brand best resale ..whn it come on health issue it also playing with us; Like nestle maggi in india; Apple is just filling gov norms; Im also huge fan of Apple but after getting this sar value im shocked; I didn't expect these type sar value from i6; Im not satisfied with ur reply; Prove me wrong
Anonymous, 28 Jun 2015LOL Have you ever wondered why you wanted a lone, then you visit some sites about it, sudde... moreEveryone works with big brother, Google, Apple, Microsoft and literally everyone else. All of them don't "sell" your info, they just give it out or else they risk bankruptcy. Don't act all hipster and genius by talking about privacy please.; Everyone works with big brother, Google, Apple, Microsoft and literally everyone else. All of them don't "sell" your info, they just give it out or else they risk bankruptcy. Don't act all hipster and genius by talking about privacy please.
Anonymous, 28 Jun 2015LOL Have you ever wondered why you wanted a lone, then you visit some sites about it, sudde... moreSure about that? Telling people you hate android. Buy iphone then open Google Maps. Where the logic in that. Fandroid be like, "Apple fan shouldn't even dare to use Google search engine".; Sure about that? Telling people you hate android. Buy iphone then open Google Maps. Where the logic in that. Fandroid be like, "Apple fan shouldn't even dare to use Google search engine".
iPhone 6 sar level is 1.18 if we use all other transmission than it reach 1.59 almost same 1.6 highest level; iPhone 6 sar level is 1.18 if we use all other transmission than it reach 1.59 almost same 1.6 highest level
"Average selling price of smartphones in China jumps 37% thanks to popularity of Apple's iPhone
 
 Apple's latest handsets have topped Chinese sales charts in each quarter in which they've been available, analyst Ben Bajarin noted last week."
 
 Chinese people have finally found the smartphone which they like, great choice i have to say.; "Average selling price of smartphones in China jumps 37% thanks to popularity of Apple's iPhone; Apple's latest handsets have topped Chinese sales charts in each quarter in which they've been available, analyst Ben Bajarin noted last week."; Chinese people have finally found the smartphone which they like, great choice i have to say.
Anonymous, 26 Jun 2015Haha.. Androids. Those with sd810s burning Those with sd808 lag All are still weaker th... moreThat was difficult to read, but i am happy to see you have a phone that does so little that you felt the need to dedicate an entire very difficult to read paragraph about touch ID...meanwhile we charge our phones wirelessly, use NFC at bus stops, film with both cameras at the same time, splitscreen and uninstall apps like Newsstand and Stocks or others that Apple force you to have on your screen. Stick to iphones mate, after all you have a phone that does pop up in a top 10 smartphones every now and then...; That was difficult to read, but i am happy to see you have a phone that does so little that you felt the need to dedicate an entire very difficult to read paragraph about touch ID...meanwhile we charge our phones wirelessly, use NFC at bus stops, film with both cameras at the same time, splitscreen and uninstall apps like Newsstand and Stocks or others that Apple force you to have on your screen. Stick to iphones mate, after all you have a phone that does pop up in a top 10 smartphones every now and then...
Anonymous, 29 Jun 2015had the s6 edge been a android user since s4 but when switched to iphone 6 much better ios sam... moreApple fan right here. Let's be honest I have s6 edge and iPhone 6. Battery wise they're quite same. In terms of camera Samsung wins. In terms of software Apple wins. Lastly loudspeaker Samsung wins. Also on top of that in Australia Samsung users and Apple users are 50:50. No one uses htc or Sony hardly. Samsung has won android market in Australia by heapsssss. Do not be bias because you have that phone. Be honest and make other people buy the right thing they want!; Apple fan right here. Let's be honest I have s6 edge and iPhone 6. Battery wise they're quite same. In terms of camera Samsung wins. In terms of software Apple wins. Lastly loudspeaker Samsung wins. Also on top of that in Australia Samsung users and Apple users are 50:50. No one uses htc or Sony hardly. Samsung has won android market in Australia by heapsssss. Do not be bias because you have that phone. Be honest and make other people buy the right thing they want!
Anonymous, 29 Jun 2015had the s6 edge been a android user since s4 but when switched to iphone 6 much better ios sam... moreDon't like the s6 battery so you go for a device with worse battery. Where is the logic in that.; Don't like the s6 battery so you go for a device with worse battery. Where is the logic in that.
Anonymous, 28 Jun 2015sure Amy, sure. I bet you don't even use an iphone. Trust issues? Most older people i know love iphones, i'm sure my dad will love mine too...as for me, i am a little more geeky and like to get my hands on the latest technology...iphones are well behind on that...so all i can do is hope that the next note or edge will be just as awesome as this year's generation...; Trust issues? Most older people i know love iphones, i'm sure my dad will love mine too...as for me, i am a little more geeky and like to get my hands on the latest technology...iphones are well behind on that...so all i can do is hope that the next note or edge will be just as awesome as this year's generation...
Anonymous, 29 Jun 2015had the s6 edge been a android user since s4 but when switched to iphone 6 much better ios sam... moreYeah, no...; Yeah, no...
had the s6 edge been a android user since s4 but when switched to iphone 6 much better ios samsung s6 edge battery is crap noway near has the reviews make it to be like; had the s6 edge been a android user since s4 but when switched to iphone 6 much better ios samsung s6 edge battery is crap noway near has the reviews make it to be like
Duel, 28 Jun 2015You need to erase your phone with iTunes, but remember to make backup before so you get everyt... moreiam using iphone 4s,my problem has been posted in 4s comments section but no one is appearing there....hope you help :/; iam using iphone 4s,my problem has been posted in 4s comments section but no one is appearing there....hope you help :/
I think this phone is fragile, the edges of the covering glass is not protected by a frame so it easily broken, unfortunately the glass of my iPhone6 was broken on the first day I bought it when it fell down from one meter height; I think this phone is fragile, the edges of the covering glass is not protected by a frame so it easily broken, unfortunately the glass of my iPhone6 was broken on the first day I bought it when it fell down from one meter height
[deleted post]You need to erase your phone with iTunes, but remember to make backup before so you get everything back what you have on your iPhone.
 
 iOS backup is great, you get everything back just like it was before, even your safari tabs or unfinished iMessages etc are waiting you next time. So it's actually quite painless to erase your device.; You need to erase your phone with iTunes, but remember to make backup before so you get everything back what you have on your iPhone.; iOS backup is great, you get everything back just like it was before, even your safari tabs or unfinished iMessages etc are waiting you next time. So it's actually quite painless to erase your device.
iphone 6 is really cool. i am now started using this handset. good but a bit expensive. never mind,. just grab it..; iphone 6 is really cool. i am now started using this handset. good but a bit expensive. never mind,. just grab it..
the apple iphone 6 is very easy to operate but it has got a very few features comparing the samsung galaxy s6 edge; the apple iphone 6 is very easy to operate but it has got a very few features comparing the samsung galaxy s6 edge
Anonymous, 28 Jun 2015LOL Have you ever wondered why you wanted a lone, then you visit some sites about it, sudde... morewheather the google will send other banking information like account number and passwords during online purchase?..i think apple is not doing anything like this; wheather the google will send other banking information like account number and passwords during online purchase?..i think apple is not doing anything like this
very very poor wi fi connection. One has to use forget this network constantly; very very poor wi fi connection. One has to use forget this network constantly
swirly, 27 Jun 2015"Company: Can you show this ad to 14 to 30 year old gamers? Google: OK." -- ... moreLOL
 
 Have you ever wondered why you wanted a lone, then you visit some sites about it, suddenly banks and lone adv start appearing??
 
 No. GOOGLE sells big data. Other companies pay good money to buy your personal browsing information.
 
 BIG BROTHER IS WATCHING.. when you get android phones. To be truely save, get iPhone and stay way from google services.; LOL; Have you ever wondered why you wanted a lone, then you visit some sites about it, suddenly banks and lone adv start appearing??; No. GOOGLE sells big data. Other companies pay good money to buy your personal browsing information.; BIG BROTHER IS WATCHING.. when you get android phones. To be truely save, get iPhone and stay way from google services.
Amy, 27 Jun 2015I am an unfortunate iphone user too :( the only good thing about my phone is that it's quite s... moresure Amy, sure. I bet you don't even use an iphone.; sure Amy, sure. I bet you don't even use an iphone.
swirly, 27 Jun 2015"Company: Can you show this ad to 14 to 30 year old gamers? Google: OK." -- ... moreno.....
 
 Google will charge a company a certain amount to post their company / listing on popular search keywords.
 
 for example, Samsung is probably paying Google a boat load of money to have their phones pop up everywere when you google "Android". Google will tell Samsung it will cost XXX amount, because the keyword for android have XXX amount of people searching that word per day.
 
 Google is a marketing company. It also tracks what you clowns search on google play store. 
 
 Google is information sharing company. The bulk of their comes from charging companies to have their ads pop up in certain places
 
 Apple : Strictly electronis.; no.....; Google will charge a company a certain amount to post their company / listing on popular search keywords.; for example, Samsung is probably paying Google a boat load of money to have their phones pop up everywere when you google "Android". Google will tell Samsung it will cost XXX amount, because the keyword for android have XXX amount of people searching that word per day.; Google is a marketing company. It also tracks what you clowns search on google play store.; Google is information sharing company. The bulk of their comes from charging companies to have their ads pop up in certain places; Apple : Strictly electronis.
I'm waiting for iphone 13, if apple will call it by its name...:v; I'm waiting for iphone 13, if apple will call it by its name...:v
Amy, 27 Jun 2015I am an unfortunate iphone user too :( the only good thing about my phone is that it's quite s... moreQuite true. I found iphone to be simple and easy to use. And i missed my android phone so much. Lol; Quite true. I found iphone to be simple and easy to use. And i missed my android phone so much. Lol
I am an unfortunate iphone user too :( the only good thing about my phone is that it's quite simple to use and my dad will get it with my next upgrade...iphones are ok for older people...but i can't wait to get my hands on a s7 edge next year :); I am an unfortunate iphone user too :( the only good thing about my phone is that it's quite simple to use and my dad will get it with my next upgrade...iphones are ok for older people...but i can't wait to get my hands on a s7 edge next year :)
Anonymous, 26 Jun 2015Haha.. Androids. Those with sd810s burning Those with sd808 lag All are still weaker th... moreTo make this comment you have used all phones and hardware that you mentioned then ? No you haven't !!! Don't make comments on devices and hardware you never used and are only judging on here say. These comments are very biased uneducated and shows your age. It's one thing looking out for your own device and correcting others when they are wrong but to make comments on devices you have not used just makes you look like you don't know what you are talking about. iPhone 6 is a great phone no doubt about it but if you use the new android devices you will find them also to be just as good and wouldn't put such garbage when making a comment.; To make this comment you have used all phones and hardware that you mentioned then ? No you haven't !!! Don't make comments on devices and hardware you never used and are only judging on here say. These comments are very biased uneducated and shows your age. It's one thing looking out for your own device and correcting others when they are wrong but to make comments on devices you have not used just makes you look like you don't know what you are talking about. iPhone 6 is a great phone no doubt about it but if you use the new android devices you will find them also to be just as good and wouldn't put such garbage when making a comment.
Anonymous, 27 Jun 2015slave???? lol google is sending your information to 3rd parties for crying out loud. what you... moreYou don't make me stop laughing. . Haha.. . Do you really thinking that Apple doesn't do that... "to make money"... hahah. Google at least pretend they don't do that and ask your permission.. . Apple just demand it.. Silly slave! S; You don't make me stop laughing. . Haha.. . Do you really thinking that Apple doesn't do that... "to make money"... hahah. Google at least pretend they don't do that and ask your permission.. . Apple just demand it.. Silly slave! S
Anonymous, 27 Jun 2015The screen too small by today standard.The problem with others phone makers is they went too far with screen size, iPhone 6 hit the sweet spot not being too small or too big for big crowd.; The problem with others phone makers is they went too far with screen size, iPhone 6 hit the sweet spot not being too small or too big for big crowd.
Anonymous, 26 Jun 2015Hahaha ivover talking about slavery.. it's the most amusing thing i have read here. The hole ... moreslave???? lol google is sending your information to 3rd parties for crying out loud. what you do on your phone, were you search, your personal information, and what you often put in, in the good search is all being tracked by google for purposes of making money. 
 
 lol silly troll; slave???? lol google is sending your information to 3rd parties for crying out loud. what you do on your phone, were you search, your personal information, and what you often put in, in the good search is all being tracked by google for purposes of making money.; lol silly troll
bapun, 26 Jun 2015If you are using an iPhone then tell me which apps are you using to manage odor transfer music... moreJust use iTunes match...
 
 It syncs between all your Mac/PC/iPhones/iPad/iPod. And it does not NEED you to buy, its YOUR OWN music.
 
 Songs you download on Mac/PC, once you add to iTunes, it matches and syncs, even the album art.
 
 No worries of duplication / corrupted harddisk / acts of nature / no network / or low memory, just download and listen to those you one, works regardless your phone has 16GB / 32GB / 500GB / 1TB.
 
 And now its moving the direction of spotify and apple music. Who bothers about keeping songs anymore.
 
 Google also have their services, like Google Music.. although its not as wide spread, or detect duplicates, its free.
 
 Sd slots / music transfer all old fashion and useless now. No worries, i was like you a few years back.. i feel so childish i was then.; Just use iTunes match...; It syncs between all your Mac/PC/iPhones/iPad/iPod. And it does not NEED you to buy, its YOUR OWN music.; Songs you download on Mac/PC, once you add to iTunes, it matches and syncs, even the album art.; No worries of duplication / corrupted harddisk / acts of nature / no network / or low memory, just download and listen to those you one, works regardless your phone has 16GB / 32GB / 500GB / 1TB.; And now its moving the direction of spotify and apple music. Who bothers about keeping songs anymore.; Google also have their services, like Google Music.. although its not as wide spread, or detect duplicates, its free.; Sd slots / music transfer all old fashion and useless now. No worries, i was like you a few years back.. i feel so childish i was then.
The screen too small by today standard.; The screen too small by today standard.
Duel, 26 Jun 2015If you want to do illegal stuffs, you need to jailbreak your phone.If you are using an iPhone then tell me which apps are you using to manage odor transfer music. And which file manager are you using; If you are using an iPhone then tell me which apps are you using to manage odor transfer music. And which file manager are you using
bapun, 26 Jun 2015Any one please tell me how can I transfer music files those are in music via whatsapp or xende... moreIf you want to do illegal stuffs, you need to jailbreak your phone.; If you want to do illegal stuffs, you need to jailbreak your phone.
Any one please tell me how can I transfer music files those are in music via whatsapp or xender or any third party app. Any file manager which will access the music library and share via third-party application. Please do reply.; Any one please tell me how can I transfer music files those are in music via whatsapp or xender or any third party app. Any file manager which will access the music library and share via third-party application. Please do reply.
[deleted post]Who uses outdated technology? And how it shows?; Who uses outdated technology? And how it shows?
Anonymous, 25 Jun 2015Again no idea about android even 2013 s4 has lollipop and has done for sometime now unless you... moreI have an S5 and no lollipop update,
 it lag sometimes while using facebook,
 so what I did I let my girl use it while im using her "IPHONE 4", and I like it, it doesn't give headache.. just saying..; I have an S5 and no lollipop update,; it lag sometimes while using facebook,; so what I did I let my girl use it while im using her "IPHONE 4", and I like it, it doesn't give headache.. just saying..
Anonymous, 25 Jun 2015Smart does not mean you see multi-tasking. Smart because it can take care of itself, and YO... moreHahaha ivover talking about slavery.. it's the most amusing thing i have read here. The hole world knows that the biggest prison in the mobile world is IOS and Apple.. Since you switch on the phone and have to do an account in ITunes.. And be prisoner of them for life. .. Stop this i can't stop laughing. .. .. Hahahha. S; Hahaha ivover talking about slavery.. it's the most amusing thing i have read here. The hole world knows that the biggest prison in the mobile world is IOS and Apple.. Since you switch on the phone and have to do an account in ITunes.. And be prisoner of them for life. .. Stop this i can't stop laughing. .. .. Hahahha. S
Have you ever used iphone 6. If yes then share your experience.; Have you ever used iphone 6. If yes then share your experience.
bapun, 26 Jun 2015Indirectly you are giving hint about samsung galaxy s6&#128522;&#128522;&#128522;&... morehaha i like the galaxy s6, i think it's the best phone out there by a mile, but the battery lacks a little. It's not iphone 6 bad, but it still is weaker than other costlier phones...i actually have an LG G3, but my next phone will either be a G4 or Note 5 Edge...; haha i like the galaxy s6, i think it's the best phone out there by a mile, but the battery lacks a little. It's not iphone 6 bad, but it still is weaker than other costlier phones...i actually have an LG G3, but my next phone will either be a G4 or Note 5 Edge...
its a nice phone in 6tjhe mobiole world; its a nice phone in 6tjhe mobiole world
Anonymous, 26 Jun 2015Haha.. Androids. Those with sd810s burning Those with sd808 lag All are still weaker th... moreWeaker than iPhone 6????No way.; Weaker than iPhone 6????No way.
Anonymous, 25 Jun 2015Like to bring up past android phones ok let me tell you how my iPhone 4s experience was. At th... moreWell you like all those features and why in the first place you buy an iPhone if truly you have one?
 
 And I gues your on the wrong thread to tell your likes to a certain phone.. right?; Well you like all those features and why in the first place you buy an iPhone if truly you have one?; And I gues your on the wrong thread to tell your likes to a certain phone.. right?
Iphone looks elegant , than other mobile Phone.
 
 That's what ive thingking :); Iphone looks elegant , than other mobile Phone.; That's what ive thingking :)
bapun, 26 Jun 2015If you are a die hard apple fan then go with iphone 6. Else go with Android. Yes the iphone ha... moreHaha.. Androids.
 
 Those with sd810s burning
 Those with sd808 lag
 
 All are still weaker then the iP6 that was release last year!
 
 No other opt other then Samsung's S6 / Edge. WOW good time to buy android.. mind as well just advertise Samsung only. 
 
 Plus the fingerprint sensor on the S6 is on par with iPhone 5S's touchID (S5 fingerprint is JUNK), which again is a major turn off, as iPhone 6 have improved TouchID sensor, making unlock much better.
 
 This year is bad for Android's hardware. Remember the next iPhone is coming...; Haha.. Androids.; Those with sd810s burning; Those with sd808 lag; All are still weaker then the iP6 that was release last year!; No other opt other then Samsung's S6 / Edge. WOW good time to buy android.. mind as well just advertise Samsung only.; Plus the fingerprint sensor on the S6 is on par with iPhone 5S's touchID (S5 fingerprint is JUNK), which again is a major turn off, as iPhone 6 have improved TouchID sensor, making unlock much better.; This year is bad for Android's hardware. Remember the next iPhone is coming...
Pear, 25 Jun 2015It seems from the way you are speaking that you find iphones more precious than i find android... moreIndirectly you are giving hint about samsung galaxy s6&#128522;&#128522;&#128522;&#1­28522;&#128522;; Indirectly you are giving hint about samsung galaxy s6&#128522;&#128522;&#128522;&#1­28522;&#128522;
If you are a die hard apple fan then go with iphone 6. Else go with Android. Yes the iphone has lag free user experience but there are many restrictions. In this period of time it's advisable to go with Android. Invest in samsung galaxy s6. It's a great phone,; If you are a die hard apple fan then go with iphone 6. Else go with Android. Yes the iphone has lag free user experience but there are many restrictions. In this period of time it's advisable to go with Android. Invest in samsung galaxy s6. It's a great phone,
Anonymous, 26 Jun 2015what r the disadvantages of iphone 6? i'm not here to judge, jz wanna learn from an experience... moreFrom Tom's guide site, iphone 6 is rank 3rd in term of the fastest phone. Galaxy S6 is 1st and LG G4 is 2nd in the ranking. I would go for the LG because of the awesome genuine leather design. At least i know Leather doesn't scratch and break like aluminum or glass back cover.; From Tom's guide site, iphone 6 is rank 3rd in term of the fastest phone. Galaxy S6 is 1st and LG G4 is 2nd in the ranking. I would go for the LG because of the awesome genuine leather design. At least i know Leather doesn't scratch and break like aluminum or glass back cover.
Duel, 25 Jun 2015"I don't believe for one second that you use a flagship android device with the previous ... morewhat r the disadvantages of iphone 6? i'm not here to judge, jz wanna learn from an experienced iphone user. so i need to know the pros n cons before i burn that huge amount of money... honest opinions pleazeeee:-); what r the disadvantages of iphone 6? i'm not here to judge, jz wanna learn from an experienced iphone user. so i need to know the pros n cons before i burn that huge amount of money... honest opinions pleazeeee:-)
Duel, 25 Jun 2015"I don't believe for one second that you use a flagship android device with the previous ... moreLike to bring up past android phones ok let me tell you how my iPhone 4s experience was. At the time I given all the hype by biased ifans and told this was the best phone available so I took out a 2 year contract on the device. I found the battery draining so fast it was always plugged into its charger when doing any gaming web surfing or watching videos from the first month of owning the device. Then after about the 2 months of owning the device I realised I stopped using the device as anything other than a phone as it wasn't worth the hassle charging it 3 times a day. I then used my laptop for entertainment web surfing gaming and watching videos. After 6 months I had my first serious problem which at the time was very commen problem the power button stopped working so off the phone went for its first fix through Apple. When the phone returned it wasn't holding a charge. Not only did I have the power button failure but now I had to send it back because it wasn't charging and got so hot I couldn't leave it charge at night just in case I fell a sleep and a fire was to start I was that worried about over heating. When I got the phone back again granted it lasted up until 2 weeks before my warranty was up but this time the display wouldn't work and needed replacing at which point I took it to a place that I sold the broken iPhone to for parts. I had enough of the phone and just wanted rid of the dam thing. I went for an early upgrade and got my self the s4 which had better battery and better screen and I stopped using my computer as much as I had been. In all the time of owning the s4 I did not have any issues and sold the phone in as good as condition as when I first had it. I have got iPhone 5s and s6 edge at the moment but I have owned nexus 5 and before my iPhone 4s I owned a s2 which is still used by my mother in law today. The reason I own a iPhone 5s is because my wife purchased it for me as a gift so sentimental if you like. I will admit it has took me by surprise and I do find my self using the device quite often but still find the device much more restricted than my s6 edge and by no means a match to it. So next time you have a pop at older android models just remember iPhones had plenty of problems aswel.; Like to bring up past android phones ok let me tell you how my iPhone 4s experience was. At the time I given all the hype by biased ifans and told this was the best phone available so I took out a 2 year contract on the device. I found the battery draining so fast it was always plugged into its charger when doing any gaming web surfing or watching videos from the first month of owning the device. Then after about the 2 months of owning the device I realised I stopped using the device as anything other than a phone as it wasn't worth the hassle charging it 3 times a day. I then used my laptop for entertainment web surfing gaming and watching videos. After 6 months I had my first serious problem which at the time was very commen problem the power button stopped working so off the phone went for its first fix through Apple. When the phone returned it wasn't holding a charge. Not only did I have the power button failure but now I had to send it back because it wasn't charging and got so hot I couldn't leave it charge at night just in case I fell a sleep and a fire was to start I was that worried about over heating. When I got the phone back again granted it lasted up until 2 weeks before my warranty was up but this time the display wouldn't work and needed replacing at which point I took it to a place that I sold the broken iPhone to for parts. I had enough of the phone and just wanted rid of the dam thing. I went for an early upgrade and got my self the s4 which had better battery and better screen and I stopped using my computer as much as I had been. In all the time of owning the s4 I did not have any issues and sold the phone in as good as condition as when I first had it. I have got iPhone 5s and s6 edge at the moment but I have owned nexus 5 and before my iPhone 4s I owned a s2 which is still used by my mother in law today. The reason I own a iPhone 5s is because my wife purchased it for me as a gift so sentimental if you like. I will admit it has took me by surprise and I do find my self using the device quite often but still find the device much more restricted than my s6 edge and by no means a match to it. So next time you have a pop at older android models just remember iPhones had plenty of problems aswel.
Anonymous, 25 Jun 2015Noticed you didn't mention what android device you are apparently using whys that then? May be... more"I don't believe for one second that you use a flagship android device with the previous comments you have made."
 
 Why? Millions of people are currently jumping from android to those new bigger iPhones.; "I don't believe for one second that you use a flagship android device with the previous comments you have made."; Why? Millions of people are currently jumping from android to those new bigger iPhones.
Anonymous, 25 Jun 2015Low end android lag. Cost is cheap. High end android not lag, cost like iPhone, OS stuck up... moreAgain no idea about android even 2013 s4 has lollipop and has done for sometime now unless you use the devices you have no knowledge on the performance or OS and take random guesses on what they do then find random info on the web to get negative feedback from biased users like your self who also give incorrect information. Then you wonder why people have a pop at your comments. Try educate your self before trying to educate others.; Again no idea about android even 2013 s4 has lollipop and has done for sometime now unless you use the devices you have no knowledge on the performance or OS and take random guesses on what they do then find random info on the web to get negative feedback from biased users like your self who also give incorrect information. Then you wonder why people have a pop at your comments. Try educate your self before trying to educate others.
Anonymous, 25 Jun 2015Noticed you didn't mention what android device you are apparently using whys that then? May be... moreLow end android lag. Cost is cheap.
 
 High end android not lag, cost like iPhone, OS stuck update after 1yr ~2 or so. So many still waiting on lollipop.
 
 iPhone always improving, iOS 9 is coming for all existing iOS 8 users.
 
 So basically speaking, iPhone is still a better deal. You do not need to be smart to discover that. Most android fanboys think too hard, their brain explode on the number and specs.. they failed to realise the most basic thing: If specs gives you not much gain, why bother?
 
 Its just like when you DIY a PC, and you spend all your money get GTX Titan, and a weak Core i3.. whats the use? Android makers always brag one thing, and dismiss the other, all are lopsided design.. big resolution camera but weak storage options, high density screen but weak gpu. Plus not to forget the unoptimised android OS, and most people are stuck in older version, even freezing their app versions, developers also have no choice but to backward support sdk 8.. very sad.; Low end android lag. Cost is cheap.; High end android not lag, cost like iPhone, OS stuck update after 1yr ~2 or so. So many still waiting on lollipop.; iPhone always improving, iOS 9 is coming for all existing iOS 8 users.; So basically speaking, iPhone is still a better deal. You do not need to be smart to discover that. Most android fanboys think too hard, their brain explode on the number and specs.. they failed to realise the most basic thing: If specs gives you not much gain, why bother?; Its just like when you DIY a PC, and you spend all your money get GTX Titan, and a weak Core i3.. whats the use? Android makers always brag one thing, and dismiss the other, all are lopsided design.. big resolution camera but weak storage options, high density screen but weak gpu. Plus not to forget the unoptimised android OS, and most people are stuck in older version, even freezing their app versions, developers also have no choice but to backward support sdk 8.. very sad.
Kunjumon, 25 Jun 2015What is the real benefit your open source operating system (android)?nothing I already used yo... moreNoticed you didn't mention what android device you are apparently using whys that then? May be its because you are either using a very old device or lying because I don't believe for one second that you use a flagship android device with the previous comments you have made. iPhones and iPads are all about brand name, that and the fact it's so simple children use them.; Noticed you didn't mention what android device you are apparently using whys that then? May be its because you are either using a very old device or lying because I don't believe for one second that you use a flagship android device with the previous comments you have made. iPhones and iPads are all about brand name, that and the fact it's so simple children use them.
Kunjumon, 25 Jun 2015What is the real benefit your open source operating system (android)?nothing I already used yo... moreIt seems from the way you are speaking that you find iphones more precious than i find android precious. But fair enough, it might do the trick for you, i want my phone to do a few more things...small things, like
 - NFC - i have one on my desk for example that is set to make sure it will wake me up in the morning
 - I like to go for a coffee at my local coffeeshop and charge my phone wirelessly
 - I like to film with both cameras at the same time to catch my reaction and whatevers happening simultaneously
 - I like to multitask...watch youtube and reply to a message without having to quit one or the other
 - I like widgets. I know there's been a heavy campaign by ilovers to make humans think they do not need those. I like them, they're funny and helpful...weather, music, notepad, calendar...my phone looks awesome with those....
 - I like to have my ringtone set to the game of thrones theme song witout having to pay however much apple is charging me
 - i like to uninstall all the unecessary million apps that the phone comes preloaded with
 i like to be able to use my phone's bluetooth with any device out there or use my phone as a remote control for absolutely any device out there (i use mine to control my AC, my imac, my lg tv, etc)
 - i like to have a phone where i can do all these and come back home at the end of the night with a little battery left
 - don't get me started on the back-button
 - my phone looks and feels premium and that is because it actually is, not because heavy paid campaigners have implemented that in the consumer's mindset. iphones just look too cheap for me
 
 these are some of the reasons why i like my android flagship and until apple solve some of these issues, i will not consider an iphone. I was unlucky enough to have an iphone 6 for about 3 months and it really was dreadful.; It seems from the way you are speaking that you find iphones more precious than i find android precious. But fair enough, it might do the trick for you, i want my phone to do a few more things...small things, like; - NFC - i have one on my desk for example that is set to make sure it will wake me up in the morning; - I like to go for a coffee at my local coffeeshop and charge my phone wirelessly; - I like to film with both cameras at the same time to catch my reaction and whatevers happening simultaneously; - I like to multitask...watch youtube and reply to a message without having to quit one or the other; - I like widgets. I know there's been a heavy campaign by ilovers to make humans think they do not need those. I like them, they're funny and helpful...weather, music, notepad, calendar...my phone looks awesome with those....; - I like to have my ringtone set to the game of thrones theme song witout having to pay however much apple is charging me; - i like to uninstall all the unecessary million apps that the phone comes preloaded with; i like to be able to use my phone's bluetooth with any device out there or use my phone as a remote control for absolutely any device out there (i use mine to control my AC, my imac, my lg tv, etc); - i like to have a phone where i can do all these and come back home at the end of the night with a little battery left; - don't get me started on the back-button; - my phone looks and feels premium and that is because it actually is, not because heavy paid campaigners have implemented that in the consumer's mindset. iphones just look too cheap for me; these are some of the reasons why i like my android flagship and until apple solve some of these issues, i will not consider an iphone. I was unlucky enough to have an iphone 6 for about 3 months and it really was dreadful.
Well I've been an iPhone user for a while now (4s-5c-5s then 6) and I can tell that once you start using an apple device you find out it's the best : Fast , Less Virus risks , performing elegant looking and clear. I bought the note 4 by samsung. Well it was not bad but apple is clearly better by a wide gap. Samsung are trying to remain competetive in the market by copying whatever new features are created by apple and selling a similar product to apple's at a cheaper price and their strategy seems to work as the number of samsung users is increasing. My point long story short is that if you're looking for approximatively the same specifications as an iPhone but with a cheaper price, go for samsung. It might not be as performing as an iPhone but it costs less. Personally I'm very satisfied with my 6 except for some small details; Well I've been an iPhone user for a while now (4s-5c-5s then 6) and I can tell that once you start using an apple device you find out it's the best : Fast , Less Virus risks , performing elegant looking and clear. I bought the note 4 by samsung. Well it was not bad but apple is clearly better by a wide gap. Samsung are trying to remain competetive in the market by copying whatever new features are created by apple and selling a similar product to apple's at a cheaper price and their strategy seems to work as the number of samsung users is increasing. My point long story short is that if you're looking for approximatively the same specifications as an iPhone but with a cheaper price, go for samsung. It might not be as performing as an iPhone but it costs less. Personally I'm very satisfied with my 6 except for some small details
Pear, 25 Jun 2015You are quite delusional to think that people buy iphones because of their quality. I have sai... moreWell said. Absolutely agree with all of your comment.; Well said. Absolutely agree with all of your comment.
Pear, 25 Jun 2015You are quite delusional to think that people buy iphones because of their quality. I have sai... moreWhat is the real benefit your open source operating system (android)?nothing I already used your precious android.(with stock and custom rom).i really bored with that.i don't see any important customization or specification on that.
 Now enjoying iOS on my iPhone .ios has all important features and specifications for a smartphone .; What is the real benefit your open source operating system (android)?nothing I already used your precious android.(with stock and custom rom).i really bored with that.i don't see any important customization or specification on that.; Now enjoying iOS on my iPhone .ios has all important features and specifications for a smartphone .
Anonymous, 25 Jun 2015No need to wonder. People buy iPhone because its a no hassle smooth operating mobile. Fo... more"For those that understand technology in the other hand, will also marvel iPhone, because its a impressive piece of technology, every bit considered, the size /dimension / battery / cpu / screen all have being considered and weigh to provide the optimum performance and user friendliness." Very well said and 100% agree, back in time i was tech nerd and been used computers since they were black/white. I grew up with computers and i was that spec geek and numbers were everything, when i got interested about iPhone (3g/3gs) i was like that doesn't feel good choice in paper, yet i saw few videos in youtube and was totally blown away how smooth those devices were already in 2009. Then i decided to try just released iPhone 3GS and everything what i thought about tech, computers and numbers didnt mean anything anymore. Even three years after 3GS release i was surprised it performance. And nothing really have changed since that, Apple still teaching me and millions of others what is true performance and what are things which really matter, you can't (well of course you can but you shouldn't) buy computer chosing fastest and biggest numbers on paper, those parts has to work perfectly together with software to get out best performance and user experience and thats Apple devices. Every part and software together makes iPhone and iPad so good for millions, not single features , or single hardware parts.; "For those that understand technology in the other hand, will also marvel iPhone, because its a impressive piece of technology, every bit considered, the size /dimension / battery / cpu / screen all have being considered and weigh to provide the optimum performance and user friendliness."
Very well said and 100% agree, back in time i was tech nerd and been used computers since they were black/white. I grew up with computers and i was that spec geek and numbers were everything, when i got interested about iPhone (3g/3gs) i was like that doesn't feel good choice in paper, yet i saw few videos in youtube and was totally blown away how smooth those devices were already in 2009. Then i decided to try just released iPhone 3GS and everything what i thought about tech, computers and numbers didnt mean anything anymore. Even three years after 3GS release i was surprised it performance. And nothing really have changed since that, Apple still teaching me and millions of others what is true performance and what are things which really matter, you can't (well of course you can but you shouldn't) buy computer chosing fastest and biggest numbers on paper, those parts has to work perfectly together with software to get out best performance and user experience and thats Apple devices. Every part and software together makes iPhone and iPad so good for millions, not single features , or single hardware parts.
Apple made their first phablet in 2014. Samsung made theirs back in 2011. Now Apple announcing they will make flexible curve screen iphone by 2018. Samsung made that since last year. They also finally will ditch IPS display and replaced it with OLED. Samsung had been using SuperAmoled for many years. Apple Iphone are always 4 years behind Samsung technology. By 2018, Samsung probably already 4 years ahead than Apple with virtual reality, augmented reality, hologram and flexible Samsung Youm display.; Apple made their first phablet in 2014. Samsung made theirs back in 2011. Now Apple announcing they will make flexible curve screen iphone by 2018. Samsung made that since last year. They also finally will ditch IPS display and replaced it with OLED. Samsung had been using SuperAmoled for many years. Apple Iphone are always 4 years behind Samsung technology. By 2018, Samsung probably already 4 years ahead than Apple with virtual reality, augmented reality, hologram and flexible Samsung Youm display.
Anonymous, 25 Jun 2015No need to wonder. People buy iPhone because its a no hassle smooth operating mobile. Fo... moreYou are quite delusional to think that people buy iphones because of their quality. I have said it before, no tech publication out there puts an iphone in the top position for best smartphone in the world, it actually rarely makes the top 5. I had one of these and whilst it was running relatively decent (not better than the s6, nexus, note 4 or lg g4), i just got bored very quickly. It is incredibly limited. iphones are good for older people who don't know how to customize an Android. If you know how to customize an Android (which takes about 3 seconds to learn), you can make your Android 10 times simpler than an iphone....also, people care about camera and battery, 2 important feature where the iphone is yet again behind other flagships. And yes, cores and rams don't matter quite as much to an closed-operating system like iOS, but MP do matter...posting iphone pictures on my 27inch imac looked horrendous...some people like to zoom in or blow pictures up...anyway, it's very simple mate, stick to iphones, no one is telling you otherwise, but stopping talking about things you don't understand, just continue buying the same cheap looking phone year after year. Oh yes, and it does look cheap, no matter how much some advertisers were paid to say it looks premium. iphones look terrible compared to other flagships, mainly because half the phone is bezels, not screen. When i buy a phone, i want to look at the screen, not at whatever cheap metal iphones are made of...so there you go, in order to have a bit of extra fun, a better camera, a good battery life and a nicer looking phone, iphone sould not be your top choice x; You are quite delusional to think that people buy iphones because of their quality. I have said it before, no tech publication out there puts an iphone in the top position for best smartphone in the world, it actually rarely makes the top 5. I had one of these and whilst it was running relatively decent (not better than the s6, nexus, note 4 or lg g4), i just got bored very quickly. It is incredibly limited. iphones are good for older people who don't know how to customize an Android. If you know how to customize an Android (which takes about 3 seconds to learn), you can make your Android 10 times simpler than an iphone....also, people care about camera and battery, 2 important feature where the iphone is yet again behind other flagships. And yes, cores and rams don't matter quite as much to an closed-operating system like iOS, but MP do matter...posting iphone pictures on my 27inch imac looked horrendous...some people like to zoom in or blow pictures up...anyway, it's very simple mate, stick to iphones, no one is telling you otherwise, but stopping talking about things you don't understand, just continue buying the same cheap looking phone year after year. Oh yes, and it does look cheap, no matter how much some advertisers were paid to say it looks premium. iphones look terrible compared to other flagships, mainly because half the phone is bezels, not screen. When i buy a phone, i want to look at the screen, not at whatever cheap metal iphones are made of...so there you go, in order to have a bit of extra fun, a better camera, a good battery life and a nicer looking phone, iphone sould not be your top choice x
Anonymous, 25 Jun 2015No need to wonder. People buy iPhone because its a no hassle smooth operating mobile. Fo... morePerhaps try using other devices then you will be able to have a opinion. You mention the apparent lag but if you use any of the flagship device you will find that there is hardly no lag and works very smooth. Your views show you have not used the new android devices or understand its capability. Yes I agree the numbers don't count but that's not what a lot of phone owners look at for example I use my iPhone more as a phone and I use my android device for entertainment like streaming movies playing games and for those purposes the android device is ideal. Now the G4 and s6 have the best cameras also. you mention how easy iPhones are to use but so are android devices it's all about preference.; Perhaps try using other devices then you will be able to have a opinion. You mention the apparent lag but if you use any of the flagship device you will find that there is hardly no lag and works very smooth. Your views show you have not used the new android devices or understand its capability. Yes I agree the numbers don't count but that's not what a lot of phone owners look at for example I use my iPhone more as a phone and I use my android device for entertainment like streaming movies playing games and for those purposes the android device is ideal. Now the G4 and s6 have the best cameras also. you mention how easy iPhones are to use but so are android devices it's all about preference.
if it's about $200 cheaper, i won't think twice to buy it.; if it's about $200 cheaper, i won't think twice to buy it.
Anonymous, 25 Jun 2015So I wonder why so many people buy iPhones hmmm. http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2014-08-25/dumb... moreNo need to wonder.
 
 People buy iPhone because its a no hassle smooth operating mobile.
 
 For those people that are dumb, they will not be digging at tech sites and try to evaluate the benchmarks / OS or hardware, or discussing specs. They just trust their five senses, if the end product is fast and smooth, who cares if it has 2004986304698 cores?
 
 For those that understand technology in the other hand, will also marvel iPhone, because its a impressive piece of technology, every bit considered, the size /dimension / battery / cpu / screen all have being considered and weigh to provide the optimum performance and user friendliness. Who cares if you have 4K display and end up lagging like crap? Who cares if you have 20MP camera, when you have only 16GB internal, with slow SD card that cannot even keep up with the recording space?
 
 So what happens to those that did not buy iPhones (other then price)? They are not very smart, nor did they research / consider enough.; No need to wonder.; People buy iPhone because its a no hassle smooth operating mobile.; For those people that are dumb, they will not be digging at tech sites and try to evaluate the benchmarks / OS or hardware, or discussing specs. They just trust their five senses, if the end product is fast and smooth, who cares if it has 2004986304698 cores?; For those that understand technology in the other hand, will also marvel iPhone, because its a impressive piece of technology, every bit considered, the size /dimension / battery / cpu / screen all have being considered and weigh to provide the optimum performance and user friendliness. Who cares if you have 4K display and end up lagging like crap? Who cares if you have 20MP camera, when you have only 16GB internal, with slow SD card that cannot even keep up with the recording space?; So what happens to those that did not buy iPhones (other then price)? They are not very smart, nor did they research / consider enough.
michaelca, 25 Jun 2015Let's talking about lifespan. In most undeveloped country, like mine, iphone 4 is still common... moreThat's a bad example because Apple have stopped making the iPhone 4, 4s, 5. So if they are still selling in your countries they are either used or over produced old stock. In my country the UK I could buy a s3 from a high street shop along with 2 years warranty but not a iPhone 4, 4s, 5. I can even still get a s3 on a contract. So it's not about the devices lasting longer because I still see people using a Samsung s2.; That's a bad example because Apple have stopped making the iPhone 4, 4s, 5. So if they are still selling in your countries they are either used or over produced old stock. In my country the UK I could buy a s3 from a high street shop along with 2 years warranty but not a iPhone 4, 4s, 5. I can even still get a s3 on a contract. So it's not about the devices lasting longer because I still see people using a Samsung s2.
Angel Sarkar, 25 Jun 2015I heard that in iPhone I have to purchase all the apps which is required like Wat's app, hike ... moreNo that is not true ,AppStore has lots of free apps including whatsapp,hike.; No that is not true ,AppStore has lots of free apps including whatsapp,hike.
abby, 25 Jun 2015to be honest, has nice features but it sucks, i restore my computer n can't even sync back to ... moreApple won't force you to buy music from iTune store .you can download free music with different browsers or audio downloder.anyway iTune is a Great file management system.; Apple won't force you to buy music from iTune store .you can download free music with different browsers or audio downloder.anyway iTune is a Great file management system.
Angel Sarkar, 25 Jun 2015I heard that in iPhone I have to purchase all the apps which is required like Wat's app, hike ... moreNot true; Not true
GagAn DeEp, 25 Jun 2015What about battery???? U all talkin about CPU and GPU.... Do u know iphones needs 2-3 times... moreLet's talking about lifespan. In most undeveloped country, like mine, iphone 4 is still commonly sold while, let me take example, samsung galaxy s3 (quite match? or galaxy s2?), ALMOST gone everywhere. This happens because the iOS has longer lifespan than droid. iOS is NOT a free OS and custom-designed to every iphones. The 512MB ram iphone still can be used to do some nowadays task quite well, but 512MB ram androids? Just forget it. Android OS can be used on any devices as long as it got the specs. So, mate, enjoy your Z3, if by the next 4 years there are still lot of z3s everywhere, I salute.; Let's talking about lifespan. In most undeveloped country, like mine, iphone 4 is still commonly sold while, let me take example, samsung galaxy s3 (quite match? or galaxy s2?), ALMOST gone everywhere. This happens because the iOS has longer lifespan than droid. iOS is NOT a free OS and custom-designed to every iphones. The 512MB ram iphone still can be used to do some nowadays task quite well, but 512MB ram androids? Just forget it. Android OS can be used on any devices as long as it got the specs. So, mate, enjoy your Z3, if by the next 4 years there are still lot of z3s everywhere, I salute.
My first Apple device. Very nice. Snappy. Fluid. Solid. Looks. The only downfall is you have to contend yourself with what is already there...; My first Apple device. Very nice. Snappy. Fluid. Solid. Looks. The only downfall is you have to contend yourself with what is already there...
I heard that in iPhone I have to purchase all the apps which is required like Wat's app, hike etc. 
 Is it true?; I heard that in iPhone I have to purchase all the apps which is required like Wat's app, hike etc.; Is it true?
Anonymous, 25 Jun 2015So I wonder why so many people buy iPhones hmmm. http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2014-08-25/dumb... moreI don't think your link works like you wanted it to work, it didnt show the article? Which you meant.
 
 Of course brand help selling everything in this world, but you can't keep selling with brand 7 years a row with rising sales if the product isn't great. Also you need to earn that brand name and it takes years to build and for that you need great devices.; I don't think your link works like you wanted it to work, it didnt show the article? Which you meant.; Of course brand help selling everything in this world, but you can't keep selling with brand 7 years a row with rising sales if the product isn't great. Also you need to earn that brand name and it takes years to build and for that you need great devices.
Duel, 24 Jun 2015I guess the truth hurt really badly :D Here's more " Report from China claims only 4... moreSo I wonder why so many people buy iPhones hmmm. http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2014-08-25/dumb-du­mber-scientific-proof-people-are-getting-stupide­r. There you go it turns out you fall in that category. Most people go for brand name and just have no idea about tech. As someone once told me just because McDonald's sells the most food doesn't make it the best meal you'll ever tast!; So I wonder why so many people buy iPhones hmmm.; There you go it turns out you fall in that category. Most people go for brand name and just have no idea about tech. As someone once told me just because McDonald's sells the most food doesn't make it the best meal you'll ever tast!
Duel, 24 Jun 2015 "Apple on pace to sell 53M iPhones in June quarter," "Demand for Apple's... moreWill you please suggest me some must having apps for iphone 6. I previously was using android phone but after switching to ios am really confused what apps I should download for a perfect working phone.; Will you please suggest me some must having apps for iphone 6. I previously was using android phone but after switching to ios am really confused what apps I should download for a perfect working phone.
Duel, 23 Jun 2015Don't be brainwashed by numbers, IPhone has great camera, very powerful CPU and GPU. http:/... moreWhat about battery???? U all talkin about CPU and GPU.... Do u know iphones needs 2-3 times charge in a day???? WTF! I challenged u all iphones supporters.... I have xperia Z3 .... Its battery backup is too much ... iPhone cant have this type of battery backup..... Lol iphone..... Go to hell...; What about battery????
U all talkin about CPU and GPU.... 
Do u know iphones needs 2-3 times charge in a day????
WTF!
I challenged u all iphones supporters....
I have xperia Z3 .... Its battery backup is too much ... iPhone cant have this type of battery backup.....
Lol iphone..... Go to hell...
to be honest, has nice features but it sucks, i restore my computer n can't even sync back to iTunes without paying money to keep my songs, i miss my galaxy. stupid apple; to be honest, has nice features but it sucks, i restore my computer n can't even sync back to iTunes without paying money to keep my songs, i miss my galaxy. stupid apple
Nikzz98, 24 Jun 2015i don't know why iPhone is so called a smartphone it's just a piece of crap...so far I have us... moreSmart does not mean you see multi-tasking.
 
 Smart because it can take care of itself, and YOU as the user is able to take care of yourself because of it! Just look at all those android fanboys when they get their android phone.. see how they became slaves of their phone instead of the reverse, endlessly tweaking their phone instead of focusing on real life.
 
 iPhone, take out of the box, answer and login a few things.. BOOM your all set.; Smart does not mean you see multi-tasking.; Smart because it can take care of itself, and YOU as the user is able to take care of yourself because of it! Just look at all those android fanboys when they get their android phone.. see how they became slaves of their phone instead of the reverse, endlessly tweaking their phone instead of focusing on real life.; iPhone, take out of the box, answer and login a few things.. BOOM your all set.
Anonymous, 24 Jun 2015Duel you are the joke of the forum so please keep up with your ridiculous accusations and unbe... more "Apple on pace to sell 53M iPhones in June quarter," "Demand for Apple's flagship iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus remains extremely strong, even as the product cycle begins to wind down."; "Apple on pace to sell 53M iPhones in June quarter,"
"Demand for Apple's flagship iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus remains extremely strong, even as the product cycle begins to wind down."
What's happening in China currently is just crazy
 
 http://gs.statcounter.com/?PHPSESSID=je126oo9m5f­rm6ppijo6v7fhb4&chart_type=line&device_t­ype=mobile&stat_type=vendor&statType_hid­den=vendor&device_hidden=mobile&region=C­hina&region_hidden=CN#mobile_vendor-CN-daily­-20150101-20150624; What's happening in China currently is just crazy
Anonymous, 24 Jun 2015Duel you are the joke of the forum so please keep up with your ridiculous accusations and unbe... moreI guess the truth hurt really badly :D Here's more " Report from China claims only 4.75 million HTC One M9s shipped" Looks like everyone is buying iPhones and you cant handle that :D great to see people aren't brainwashed by android OEMs anymore.; I guess the truth hurt really badly :D 
Here's more "
Report from China claims only 4.75 million HTC One M9s shipped"
Looks like everyone is buying iPhones and you cant handle that :D great to see people aren't brainwashed by android OEMs anymore.
i don't know why iPhone is so called a smartphone it's just a piece of crap...so far I have used iPhone 4s and 5 and multitasking it's just not at all possible in iPhone no matter which generation iPhone you are using; i don't know why iPhone is so called a smartphone it's just a piece of crap...so far I have used iPhone 4s and 5 and multitasking it's just not at all possible in iPhone no matter which generation iPhone you are using
Duel, 24 Jun 2015 LG new flagship selling very poorly (just released news) , HTC new flagship too, Samsung f... moreDuel you are the joke of the forum so please keep up with your ridiculous accusations and unbelievable biased information. Maybe get one of your YouTube clips to show us your phone With its flux capacitor running with its 1.21 gigawatts and a android phone used as a detonator please.; Duel you are the joke of the forum so please keep up with your ridiculous accusations and unbelievable biased information. Maybe get one of your YouTube clips to show us your phone With its flux capacitor running with its 1.21 gigawatts and a android phone used as a detonator please.
Anonymous, 24 Jun 2015Android gingerbread have more apps than ios...Before you teach someone ,teach yourselfEven 2010 Apple AppStore has more apps than your 2015 google play.; Even 2010 Apple AppStore has more apps than your 2015 google play.
LG new flagship selling very poorly (just released news) , HTC new flagship too, Samsung flagship phones arent selling well and yet sametime iPhone breaking all the record sales.
 
 Yet android people came often here to say how bad iPhone is, so why dont they then buy android devices? :D
 
 Maybe the real reason is that those few android fans jus't doesnt see the world outside their small mobile world...; LG new flagship selling very poorly (just released news) , HTC new flagship too, Samsung flagship phones arent selling well and yet sametime iPhone breaking all the record sales.; Yet android people came often here to say how bad iPhone is, so why dont they then buy android devices? :D; Maybe the real reason is that those few android fans jus't doesnt see the world outside their small mobile world...
Anonymous, 24 Jun 2015Just finding it funny that Andriod fans are having to correct ifans on thier own devices. It s... more"seems android users have better understanding of of both types of devices and software!"
 
 This was most hilarious thing i have heard in a long time :D most android users doesn't know anything about tech, they think bigger numbers mean better device, thats the only thing which most android users understand.
 
 Good example was that mediatek new deca-core chip news. "Surprisingly" many android fans in comment section laughted how Apple still use "only" dual core, because as usually they think more cores mean better performance.; "seems android users have better understanding of of both types of devices and software!"; This was most hilarious thing i have heard in a long time :D most android users doesn't know anything about tech, they think bigger numbers mean better device, thats the only thing which most android users understand.; Good example was that mediatek new deca-core chip news. "Surprisingly" many android fans in comment section laughted how Apple still use "only" dual core, because as usually they think more cores mean better performance.
Dark knight, 23 Jun 2015Would not listen to deul he didn't know anything about hardware see the overs correcting him o... moreI completely agree about Duel he has been on other parts of the forum trying to make out other devices are failling when the only thing failing is his intelligence!; I completely agree about Duel he has been on other parts of the forum trying to make out other devices are failling when the only thing failing is his intelligence!
does anyone have problem getting into cell with correct password or fingerprint password? My husband Saudis it is me not that I phone 6. Pls reply; does anyone have problem getting into cell with correct password or fingerprint password? My husband Saudis it is me not that I phone 6. Pls reply
Just finding it funny that Andriod fans are having to correct ifans on thier own devices. It seems android users have better understanding of of both types of devices and software!; Just finding it funny that Andriod fans are having to correct ifans on thier own devices. It seems android users have better understanding of of both types of devices and software!
Using this device for 20days. The phone performance is great. You can't see any performance lag on only 1gb of ram. The operating system is very much polished. The camera is great.; Using this device for 20days. The phone performance is great. You can't see any performance lag on only 1gb of ram. The operating system is very much polished. The camera is great.
Anonymous, 24 Jun 2015Thats how you "android fanboys" compare cpu/ processors. OOOHH ahh MORE cores, more ... moreAndroid gingerbread have more apps than ios...Before you teach someone ,teach yourself; Android gingerbread have more apps than ios...Before you teach someone ,teach yourself
Anonymous, 24 Jun 2015Thats how you "android fanboys" compare cpu/ processors. OOOHH ahh MORE cores, more ... moreDon't turn the stupidity on others you was the one comparing desktop cpu's to the mobile cpu's no one else. So you are the one that lacks knowledge and understanding on how they work. Not a good example you used really was it. Just proved these so called android users correct you have little understanding of hardware.; Don't turn the stupidity on others you was the one comparing desktop cpu's to the mobile cpu's no one else. So you are the one that lacks knowledge and understanding on how they work. Not a good example you used really was it. Just proved these so called android users correct you have little understanding of hardware.
Anonymous, 23 Jun 2015Another person with no understanding of a processor please don't compare desktop Intel process... moreThats how you "android fanboys" compare cpu/ processors. OOOHH ahh MORE cores, more GHZ.. MORE ram.. so IT HAS to be Better.
 
 Now you see how silly some of your fellow android fanboys compare stuff right?
 
 All you see is the surface specs.. OOHH wahha bigger MP.. BIgger Ram.. . And did not research or dig any deeper. Did not take OS into consideration, did not know how the hardware communicate with the software... do not even know if the specs "helped" at all.; Thats how you "android fanboys" compare cpu/ processors. OOOHH ahh MORE cores, more GHZ.. MORE ram.. so IT HAS to be Better.; Now you see how silly some of your fellow android fanboys compare stuff right?; All you see is the surface specs.. OOHH wahha bigger MP.. BIgger Ram.. . And did not research or dig any deeper. Did not take OS into consideration, did not know how the hardware communicate with the software... do not even know if the specs "helped" at all.
Ha, 23 Jun 2015F the games! This phone sux! Very slow and doesn't connect well with wifi. Holding phone with ... moreWould not listen to deul he didn't know anything about hardware see the overs correcting him on hardware earlier. Makes up things and tells lies about other devices and then find one sided videos on YouTube as another user pointed out earlier. The joker of the forum. Find a video of that then.; Would not listen to deul he didn't know anything about hardware see the overs correcting him on hardware earlier. Makes up things and tells lies about other devices and then find one sided videos on YouTube as another user pointed out earlier. The joker of the forum. Find a video of that then.
Duel, 17 Jun 2015Just for fun comparison here is same game with same year iPhone 5S http://youtu.be/l1ZhbeoT... moreF the games! This phone sux! Very slow and doesn't connect well with wifi. Holding phone with pinky underneath and three fingers behind, pinky complete COVERS the darn speaker! Turning phone volume up or down is terrible, because since they moved in off button to side, you also shut the phone off when adjusting volume! WORST design ever! The little one speaker on bottom instead of two has to be the most idiotic change. The keyboard is super sensitive and usually mistypes the letters pushed. This phone is just bunk and if anything was to push me over to an android, it's this piece of crap iPhone 6.; F the games! This phone sux! Very slow and doesn't connect well with wifi. Holding phone with pinky underneath and three fingers behind, pinky complete COVERS the darn speaker! Turning phone volume up or down is terrible, because since they moved in off button to side, you also shut the phone off when adjusting volume! WORST design ever! The little one speaker on bottom instead of two has to be the most idiotic change. The keyboard is super sensitive and usually mistypes the letters pushed. This phone is just bunk and if anything was to push me over to an android, it's this piece of crap iPhone 6.
msukhsarwala, 22 Jun 2015Iam App developer for ios and Android. As for my daily basis i use both phones android Sony Xp... moreB.s. Your not a developer. Stop making things up,like these fake iPhone and phantom iPhone users.; B.s. Your not a developer. Stop making things up,like these fake iPhone and phantom iPhone users.
Anonymous, 23 Jun 2015Intel Core i5. Dual core, 1.4Ghz Intel Core i7, Dual core 1.8Ghz A7, Dual core 1.2Ghz Sm... moreAnother person with no understanding of a processor please don't compare desktop Intel processors to mobile processors. It's all well and good comparing it to snapdragon but not even the latest exynos, a7/a8/a8x, nivida tegra k1, compares to a Intel core processor which doesn't have throttling issues like mobile devices or tablets because they have cooling fans to stop the temperature rising also no screens and small parts jammed into a small device. So your example just made you look silly...; Another person with no understanding of a processor please don't compare desktop Intel processors to mobile processors. It's all well and good comparing it to snapdragon but not even the latest exynos, a7/a8/a8x, nivida tegra k1, compares to a Intel core processor which doesn't have throttling issues like mobile devices or tablets because they have cooling fans to stop the temperature rising also no screens and small parts jammed into a small device. So your example just made you look silly...
Anonymous, 22 Jun 2015When I read the specs I feel like I'm reading the Samsung Galaxy S4 specs all over again....di... moreIntel Core i5. Dual core, 1.4Ghz 
 Intel Core i7, Dual core 1.8Ghz
 A7, Dual core 1.2Ghz
 
 Small numbers. Small values. But big in performance. All of them trashes that S4. 
 
 Why? Very simple. There is much much more within the specs, once you get to the bottom of everything, you realize who is selling you marketing junk, who is selling you real performance.
 
 Unwilling to research more, because your brain hurts? Then just trust your own eyes, the performance of iPhone is not lying.; Intel Core i5. Dual core, 1.4Ghz; Intel Core i7, Dual core 1.8Ghz; A7, Dual core 1.2Ghz; Small numbers. Small values. But big in performance. All of them trashes that S4.; Why? Very simple. There is much much more within the specs, once you get to the bottom of everything, you realize who is selling you marketing junk, who is selling you real performance.; Unwilling to research more, because your brain hurts? Then just trust your own eyes, the performance of iPhone is not lying.
msukhsarwala, 22 Jun 2015Iam App developer for ios and Android. As for my daily basis i use both phones android Sony Xp... moreUnbelievable lie. You have know idea how apps are created on each format. Name some apps that you have been involved in creating? Then I will tell you how I know you are lying!!!; Unbelievable lie. You have know idea how apps are created on each format. Name some apps that you have been involved in creating? Then I will tell you how I know you are lying!!!
Anonymous, 22 Jun 2015When I read the specs I feel like I'm reading the Samsung Galaxy S4 specs all over again....di... morePlease!!; Please!!
I can't say much about the Galaxy or whatever. However, I do know that I'm extremely disappointed with my iPhone 6. Coming from an iPhone 4 that lasted me three years, I expected a similar, sturdy product. After three months I have already had to take it to Apple once to fix a front camera factory defect, and I have to go back again because their repair didn't last longer than two weeks. I have also encountered random restarts and now shut downs of the phone out of the blue. This phone really isn't worth the money and I honestly am only using it for the convenience of having the same phone as the majority of phone users. But when it comes down to it, it's nothing special in my opinion.; I can't say much about the Galaxy or whatever. However, I do know that I'm extremely disappointed with my iPhone 6. Coming from an iPhone 4 that lasted me three years, I expected a similar, sturdy product. After three months I have already had to take it to Apple once to fix a front camera factory defect, and I have to go back again because their repair didn't last longer than two weeks. I have also encountered random restarts and now shut downs of the phone out of the blue. This phone really isn't worth the money and I honestly am only using it for the convenience of having the same phone as the majority of phone users. But when it comes down to it, it's nothing special in my opinion.
Anonymous, 22 Jun 2015When I read the specs I feel like I'm reading the Samsung Galaxy S4 specs all over again....di... moreDon't be brainwashed by numbers, IPhone has great camera, very powerful CPU and GPU.
 
 http://youtu.be/ahxRdwzbnB 
 
 iPhone 6 can easily compete with any phone in the market and we are now talking about 9 months old device.; Don't be brainwashed by numbers, IPhone has great camera, very powerful CPU and GPU.; iPhone 6 can easily compete with any phone in the market and we are now talking about 9 months old device.
When I read the specs I feel like I'm reading the Samsung Galaxy S4 specs all over again....dismal hardware for such hype. Get with the times Apple, stop using decade old tech. The most up-to-date feature is the Gorilla Glass. Great phones, for some users, just hate seeing the spec sheets on these devices.; When I read the specs I feel like I'm reading the Samsung Galaxy S4 specs all over again....dismal hardware for such hype. Get with the times Apple, stop using decade old tech. The most up-to-date feature is the Gorilla Glass. Great phones, for some users, just hate seeing the spec sheets on these devices.
Iam App developer for ios and Android. As for my daily basis i use both phones android Sony Xperia z2 and Apple iphone6+. let me share you something knowledgeable things about both, Android base for Dev and users is basically easy and its totally different from ios. android system is totally based upon RAM & processor while ios hardly needs RAM support and nor fastest processors. so you cant compare both phones. ios graphics performance is best than android and more user friendly while android graphics customization depends upon RAM and Developers. Security wise if we talk ios is better than anything. while android is easily hackable. If apps are not given proper support in Dev than it tends to lag and ios have various restrictions while android is very open and fun to develop its apps better and easily. for security safety iphones are recommended while android phones are for such who loves to customise there phone there ways. iphones can be suggested for beginners or persons who never used smartphones due to its user friendly UI. likewise there is not much difference between iphone 5s and 6..users who want to shift from 5s to 6 than its not really worthy but you can enjoy 4.7" screen but 5s to 6+ is good idea and little worthy as you get 5.5" screen and good battery life.; Iam App developer for ios and Android. As for my daily basis i use both phones android Sony Xperia z2 and Apple iphone6+. let me share you something knowledgeable things about both, Android base for Dev and users is basically easy and its totally different from ios. android system is totally based upon RAM & processor while ios hardly needs RAM support and nor fastest processors. so you cant compare both phones. ios graphics performance is best than android and more user friendly while android graphics customization depends upon RAM and Developers. Security wise if we talk ios is better than anything. while android is easily hackable. If apps are not given proper support in Dev than it tends to lag and ios have various restrictions while android is very open and fun to develop its apps better and easily. for security safety iphones are recommended while android phones are for such who loves to customise there phone there ways. iphones can be suggested for beginners or persons who never used smartphones due to its user friendly UI. likewise there is not much difference between iphone 5s and 6..users who want to shift from 5s to 6 than its not really worthy but you can enjoy 4.7" screen but 5s to 6+ is good idea and little worthy as you get 5.5" screen and good battery life.
Vj14, 22 Jun 2015What a Joke! Everyone hates Samsuck, what world are you living? Days are gone when Samsung w... moreSamsung is much better than apple iphone 6 price is more than galaxy s5 but s5 is much better than iphone in everything processor,camera,graphics,sensors,ram etc
 the great iphone 6 having only 1GB ram VERY POOR; Samsung is much better than apple iphone 6 price is more than galaxy s5 but s5 is much better than iphone in everything processor,camera,graphics,sensors,ram etc; the great iphone 6 having only 1GB ram VERY POOR
thegadgetstoday, 22 Jun 2015hey, apple is good but very costly. But if you dont need these features then dont spend lakhs ... moreAndroid is just another mobile operating system with Java garbage ,nothing more than that ..I don't see any important open source advantages in android.
 iOS has more polished operating system for smartphones ,it has all important features and specifications for a smartphone.Apple AppStore has well optimized applications for Apple iPhone.; Android is just another mobile operating system with Java garbage ,nothing more than that ..I don't see any important open source advantages in android.; iOS has more polished operating system for smartphones ,it has all important features and specifications for a smartphone.Apple AppStore has well optimized applications for Apple iPhone.
hey, apple is good but very costly. But if you dont need these features then dont spend lakhs or thousands on apple products. android is better option than other OS. :)think about it.; hey, apple is good but very costly. But if you dont need these features then dont spend lakhs or thousands on apple products. android is better option than other OS. :)think about it.
Apple, 19 Jun 2015Bro fully agreed... those who have never used Iphone means all the android and windows user wi... moreI have used both iOS and Android, but i prefer android cause of it's customization and awesome stuffs u can do with it. Using Xperia Z3... so far my experience with it is awesome. iPhone r those who wants a phone which easier to use and just simple. But Android FTW; I have used both iOS and Android, but i prefer android cause of it's customization and awesome stuffs u can do with it. Using Xperia Z3... so far my experience with it is awesome. iPhone r those who wants a phone which easier to use and just simple. But Android FTW
Mannu, 22 Aug 2014Samsung is giving tough competition to Apple. With Samsung Galaxy S5 Screen Size 5.1 Inches &a... moreWhat a Joke!
 Everyone hates Samsuck, what world are you living?
 Days are gone when Samsung was compared to Apple!
 Samsung phones have one thing common- no matter what phone IT WILL LAG & TOAST!; What a Joke!; Everyone hates Samsuck, what world are you living?; Days are gone when Samsung was compared to Apple!; Samsung phones have one thing common- no matter what phone IT WILL LAG & TOAST!
Haziq, 29 Aug 2014The Camera is bad.. The CPU is Bad.. The Model is bad.. The Battery is bad.. Iphone 6??Typical Android User :P
 Can't see anything besides specs!; Typical Android User :P; Can't see anything besides specs!
Seriously why are people obsessed with specs??
 You are lay man if you are calling this phone trash on basis specs which Android users would do!
 This phone is a Gem, while using it one can feel the smoothness and enjoy rich interface. 
 I'm happy with my iPhone 6!; Seriously why are people obsessed with specs??; You are lay man if you are calling this phone trash on basis specs which Android users would do!; This phone is a Gem, while using it one can feel the smoothness and enjoy rich interface.; I'm happy with my iPhone 6!
which one is best iphone 6 or 6+; which one is best iphone 6 or 6+
you are all complaining about your iphones bending ive had the iphone 6 plus for a while now and mine hasnt bent neither has my friends iphone 6 i think you need to take more care of your phones. and by the way i dont put mine in a handbag mines always in my pocket.; you are all complaining about your iphones bending ive had the iphone 6 plus for a while now and mine hasnt bent neither has my friends iphone 6 i think you need to take more care of your phones. and by the way i dont put mine in a handbag mines always in my pocket.
Anonymous, 20 Jun 2015Bro who told you that iOS is virus free...I havn't heard IOS got virus...; I havn't heard IOS got virus...
i love all iphone... it is very good system to used anyone. 6 super ...; i love all iphone... it is very good system to used anyone. 6 super ...
Apple, 19 Jun 2015Bro fully agreed... those who have never used Iphone means all the android and windows user wi... moreBro who told you that iOS is virus free...; Bro who told you that iOS is virus free...
adpk, 17 Jun 2015I hope i meet u one day to show u sanandreas on my s4 no lag at all i saw sandreas on iphone 6... moreSan andreas game seem to have become the benchmark of high graphic performance for android and ios. Is that the only game I can test out.Is there other that you guys know of? I would love to test some other benchmark setting game.; San andreas game seem to have become the benchmark of high graphic performance for android and ios. Is that the only game I can test out.Is there other that you guys know of? I would love to test some other benchmark setting game.
I Have New iphone 6.Its Purchased month is January 2015.
 my iphone is bended. just by keeping it in pocket. If you keep it in pocket. its bending little little...and today its bended very much.; I Have New iphone 6.Its Purchased month is January 2015.; my iphone is bended. just by keeping it in pocket. If you keep it in pocket. its bending little little...and today its bended very much.
it s amazing .we have dnt like 5s.; it s amazing .we have dnt like 5s.
Anonymous, 17 Jun 2015But lags!!! Who's making excuses now. Looks to me you have lost credibility. I thought you sai... moreBro fully agreed... those who have never used Iphone means all the android and windows user will say like that and they will always look for a open source device with full of virus .... IOS is awesome guys once use this and am damn sure u will never see towards android..; Bro fully agreed... those who have never used Iphone means all the android and windows user will say like that and they will always look for a open source device with full of virus .... IOS is awesome guys once use this and am damn sure u will never see towards android..
its good but we dont have a options like 5c 5s; its good but we dont have a options like 5c 5s
awesome .......... i like it....i love it; awesome .......... i like it....i love it
Duel, 17 Jun 2015"I had no stutters or slowdowns and this is pretty much story for every game on iOS, i fo... moreGood I'm glad you got it.; Good I'm glad you got it.
merz76, 17 Jun 2015Why apple want to use android os...they create their own os and its running beautifully....Android fanboys... :D; Android fanboys... :D
Anonymous, 15 Jun 2015You are full of it. The only reason iPhone is as quick as it is, is because of its iOS. The ha... moreWhy apple want to use android os...they create their own os and its running beautifully....; Why apple want to use android os...they create their own os and its running beautifully....
Anonymous, 17 Jun 2015http://youtu.be/f5U76HDp3YA Listen carefully and he will explain what others have been telling... more"I had no stutters or slowdowns and this is pretty much story for every game on iOS, i found that IOS devices do handle games better than android counterparts"
 
 Yes i got it but i have known this for years already, so nothing new to me.; "I had no stutters or slowdowns and this is pretty much story for every game on iOS, i found that IOS devices do handle games better than android counterparts"; Yes i got it but i have known this for years already, so nothing new to me.
Duel, 17 Jun 2015Lags? That game runs very smoothly, dont be childish.Only playing your silly games.; Only playing your silly games.
Duel, 17 Jun 2015You just lost all your credibility with that video :D can't but laugh. That game is recorded w... morehttp://youtu.be/f5U76HDp3YA Listen carefully and he will explain what others have been telling you...; Listen carefully and he will explain what others have been telling you...
Duel, 17 Jun 2015You just lost all your credibility with that video :D can't but laugh. That game is recorded w... moreNeed optimising doesn't it.; Need optimising doesn't it.
Anonymous, 17 Jun 2015But lags!!! Who's making excuses now. Looks to me you have lost credibility. I thought you sai... moreLags? That game runs very smoothly, dont be childish.; Lags? That game runs very smoothly, dont be childish.
Anonymous, 17 Jun 2015http://youtu.be/8IEIvmasA8k You just lost all your credibility with that video :D can't but laugh. That game is recorded with very bad screen recorder, even the menu's lag everything lag in that video whole time, clearly because screen recorder.
 
 Look this video with device itself http://youtu.be/04WrntZB11E so much better performance, still not perfect.
 
 By the way that video is half year old and the game isn't even RELEASED except small soft launch january (i guess), so hardly no-one can play that game. There's clearly something very big wrong with that game, maybe in performance or something else. Interestingly EA hasn't said anything about it, people waited that game to be released many months ago
 
 So interesting to see if this game ever got release day, very weird indeed..; You just lost all your credibility with that video :D can't but laugh. That game is recorded with very bad screen recorder, even the menu's lag everything lag in that video whole time, clearly because screen recorder.; Look this video with device itself; so much better performance, still not perfect.; By the way that video is half year old and the game isn't even RELEASED except small soft launch january (i guess), so hardly no-one can play that game. There's clearly something very big wrong with that game, maybe in performance or something else. Interestingly EA hasn't said anything about it, people waited that game to be released many months ago; So interesting to see if this game ever got release day, very weird indeed..
Duel, 17 Jun 2015"There are many more games in App Store and play store that are far more demanding."... morehttp://youtu.be/8IEIvmasA8k
Duel, 17 Jun 2015"There are many more games in App Store and play store that are far more demanding."... moreBut lags!!! Who's making excuses now. Looks to me you have lost credibility. I thought you said there was NO lag. Backtracking are we...; But lags!!! Who's making excuses now. Looks to me you have lost credibility. I thought you said there was NO lag. Backtracking are we...
Anonymous, 17 Jun 2015You tube!!! Tut, what a world we live in. All you have proven is rockstar done a very poor job... more"There are many more games in App Store and play store that are far more demanding."
 
 Wel in appstore yes not that much in play atore which have been very quiet lately.
 
 For example this just released car game for iOS 
 
 "We support the most powerful tablets and phones with Metal! Therefore, we highly detailed level of computer graphics, a large number of dynamic and destructible objects. Modern effects such as dynamic lighting and shadows, ssao, soft particles, object motion blur, Realistic damage, deferred shading."
 
 And of course available only for iOS, maybe coming for android someday? http://youtu.be/J52OCr-V2I0 great visuals and very smooth gameplay as always; "There are many more games in App Store and play store that are far more demanding."; Wel in appstore yes not that much in play atore which have been very quiet lately.; For example this just released car game for iOS; "We support the most powerful tablets and phones with Metal! Therefore, we highly detailed level of computer graphics, a large number of dynamic and destructible objects. Modern effects such as dynamic lighting and shadows, ssao, soft particles, object motion blur, Realistic damage, deferred shading."; And of course available only for iOS, maybe coming for android someday?; great visuals and very smooth gameplay as always
Duel, 17 Jun 2015Well it's very well optimized from day one for iOS like every other games too ;) im sure rocks... moreAnyone can find a video on any device showing lag. do you really want me to put one up. Just look at the minecraft lag or need for speed lag you will be surprised on which device they are using...; Anyone can find a video on any device showing lag. do you really want me to put one up. Just look at the minecraft lag or need for speed lag you will be surprised on which device they are using...
Anonymous, 17 Jun 2015You tube!!! Tut, what a world we live in. All you have proven is rockstar done a very poor job... moreWell it's very well optimized from day one for iOS like every other games too ;) im sure rockstar did their best job with android too, but thats just so hard thing to do because android is so badly fragmented and all over the place, clearly its not worth of devs time.; Well it's very well optimized from day one for iOS like every other games too ;) im sure rockstar did their best job with android too, but thats just so hard thing to do because android is so badly fragmented and all over the place, clearly its not worth of devs time.
Duel, 17 Jun 2015With S4? C'mon... :D Luckily this video released two days ago http://youtu.be/6GEvodM28xE s... moreYou tube!!! Tut, what a world we live in. All you have proven is rockstar done a very poor job in optimising the game on android. There are many more games in App Store and play store that are far more demanding. Like you said that app has been released a year ago and rockstar has not bothered to fix the badly optimised app. So you are quite capable of answering your own questions...; You tube!!! Tut, what a world we live in. All you have proven is rockstar done a very poor job in optimising the game on android. There are many more games in App Store and play store that are far more demanding. Like you said that app has been released a year ago and rockstar has not bothered to fix the badly optimised app. So you are quite capable of answering your own questions...
adpk, 17 Jun 2015I hope i meet u one day to show u sanandreas on my s4 no lag at all i saw sandreas on iphone 6... moreJust for fun comparison here is same game with same year iPhone 5S
 
 http://youtu.be/l1ZhbeoTANE Runs great and looks great.; Just for fun comparison here is same game with same year iPhone 5S; Runs great and looks great.
adpk, 17 Jun 2015I hope i meet u one day to show u sanandreas on my s4 no lag at all i saw sandreas on iphone 6... moreWith S4? C'mon... :D
 
 Luckily this video released two days ago http://youtu.be/6GEvodM28xE so why it lags like mad in end of video? I would say around 10fps/s and that kind of performance i would expect from that device, but of course you can make your own video to prove me wrong, its very simple with nowday technology, right? :)
 
 Here is another video http://youtu.be/O1bFqEmIpPQ lags a lot even with medium settings.; With S4? C'mon... :D; Luckily this video released two days ago; so why it lags like mad in end of video? I would say around 10fps/s and that kind of performance i would expect from that device, but of course you can make your own video to prove me wrong, its very simple with nowday technology, right? :); Here is another video; lags a lot even with medium settings.
Anonymous, 17 Jun 2015iPhone 6 is super fast and reliable. Do not worry about the dual core / 8MP / 1GB ram. Usag... moreExactly. People never learn that specs =/= performance.; Exactly. People never learn that specs =/= performance.
Ahmad, 17 Jun 2015I am confused that should I buy iPhone 5s or iPhone 6. Plz help.If your looking for better sound quality then i would say Iphone 5s, otherwise definitly 6.; If your looking for better sound quality then i would say Iphone 5s, otherwise definitly 6.
Ahmad, 17 Jun 2015I am confused that should I buy iPhone 5s or iPhone 6. Plz help.better to handle it 5s.5s 4" only it should be use verry essy.
 6 is 4.7" phone.
 in size u chose better 5s; better to handle it 5s.5s 4" only it should be use verry essy.; 6 is 4.7" phone.; in size u chose better 5s
Duel, 17 Jun 2015Not sure if rockstar much interested to optimize this game at all. It's very big game so i don... moreI hope i meet u one day to show u sanandreas on my s4 no lag at all i saw sandreas on iphone 6 graphics is not amazing like s4 u can put it to max and set frame limiter off. In iphone u cant change the graphics. I swear playing snandreas on my s4 for hours on extreme graphics option and the phone get very very hot and no lag. This is the optimization itself. Go compare sanandreas graphics some old android devices and the newest apple devices and see the differences.; I hope i meet u one day to show u sanandreas on my s4 no lag at all i saw sandreas on iphone 6 graphics is not amazing like s4 u can put it to max and set frame limiter off. In iphone u cant change the graphics. I swear playing snandreas on my s4 for hours on extreme graphics option and the phone get very very hot and no lag. This is the optimization itself. Go compare sanandreas graphics some old android devices and the newest apple devices and see the differences.
Ahmad, 17 Jun 2015I am confused that should I buy iPhone 5s or iPhone 6. Plz help.The 6 is better then 5s. Would personally only go for the newer model. More features slightly better performance and not much of a price difference. Easy answer...; The 6 is better then 5s. Would personally only go for the newer model. More features slightly better performance and not much of a price difference. Easy answer...
adpk, 17 Jun 2015Hahahaha are u serious right now!!! S6 is a new phone so gta sanandreas will have time to opti... moreNot sure if rockstar much interested to optimize this game at all. It's very big game so i don't think it's easy task.
 
 San Andreas for android released 7.1.2014 current version is 1.08. Which means in one and half year it has got only very minimal bug updates. The game is so old already that i doubt rockstar going to spend much time to get things better.; Not sure if rockstar much interested to optimize this game at all. It's very big game so i don't think it's easy task.; San Andreas for android released 7.1.2014 current version is 1.08. Which means in one and half year it has got only very minimal bug updates. The game is so old already that i doubt rockstar going to spend much time to get things better.
I am confused that should I buy iPhone 5s or iPhone 6. Plz help.; I am confused that should I buy iPhone 5s or iPhone 6. Plz help.
iPhone 6 is super fast and reliable.
 
 Do not worry about the dual core / 8MP / 1GB ram. Usage wise, it better then all those android flagships with twice the cores / mp / ram.
 
 Battery is lacking, but charges requires very little power and its fast, so you can basically charge anywhere, any car, and a small power pack can extend its life a few cycles over.; iPhone 6 is super fast and reliable.; Do not worry about the dual core / 8MP / 1GB ram. Usage wise, it better then all those android flagships with twice the cores / mp / ram.; Battery is lacking, but charges requires very little power and its fast, so you can basically charge anywhere, any car, and a small power pack can extend its life a few cycles over.
Duel, 17 Jun 2015I don't give misleading information. Like i said performance wise those quad and octa core and... moreBut no one earlier said it was a bad performer so why are you getting so defensive. As the random person has pointed out there is no issue with previous android devices running the games you menitioned either because they have had time to be optimised for that display. Although he is here to wind up ifans he does have a point, all devices have issues. But it's silly comparing the s4 to a i6 just as silly as say using YouTube videos or saying multicores do nothing...; But no one earlier said it was a bad performer so why are you getting so defensive. As the random person has pointed out there is no issue with previous android devices running the games you menitioned either because they have had time to be optimised for that display. Although he is here to wind up ifans he does have a point, all devices have issues. But it's silly comparing the s4 to a i6 just as silly as say using YouTube videos or saying multicores do nothing...
adpk, 17 Jun 2015Hahahaha are u serious right now!!! S6 is a new phone so gta sanandreas will have time to opti... moreI think you should read back a bit more and you will understand the comments!!!; I think you should read back a bit more and you will understand the comments!!!
Anonymous, 16 Jun 2015I have used this game on the device there is no problem with lag at all. I would encourage you... moreHahahaha are u serious right now!!! S6 is a new phone so gta sanandreas will have time to optimize for it. Mys s4 running sanandreas extremly well on full hd graphics. Hey ifans u dont remember temple run 2 how much lags on iphone 4s when it released for first time and 4s was the bewest iphone. I see all comment on appstore and all 4s users complained. So give gta sanandreas some time. Can i ask u a question why mc4 mc5 nova 3 asphalt 7 and 8 and nitro and wild blood and gta sannadreas and vice city and dead space and etc doesnt lag on my s3 ? Why ????? I swear non of these games are lagging on my s3 in addition to nfs mostwanted iam playing mc4 with my firnd online aonce 3 years they all have iphone 6 and they all progessionalls why iam on my s3 can beat them all. Because my s3 lagg right hahahahaha so what about my s4 ?? Hahaha s4 is better than iphone 6s just w.r.t a single thing ( torrent). So dont say about androud anythinh about gaming and u dont know what to say buy an android phone and say bye bye apple; Hahahaha are u serious right now!!! S6 is a new phone so gta sanandreas will have time to optimize for it. Mys s4 running sanandreas extremly well on full hd graphics. Hey ifans u dont remember temple run 2 how much lags on iphone 4s when it released for first time and 4s was the bewest iphone. I see all comment on appstore and all 4s users complained. So give gta sanandreas some time. Can i ask u a question why mc4 mc5 nova 3 asphalt 7 and 8 and nitro and wild blood and gta sannadreas and vice city and dead space and etc doesnt lag on my s3 ? Why ????? I swear non of these games are lagging on my s3 in addition to nfs mostwanted iam playing mc4 with my firnd online aonce 3 years they all have iphone 6 and they all progessionalls why iam on my s3 can beat them all. Because my s3 lagg right hahahahaha so what about my s4 ?? Hahaha s4 is better than iphone 6s just w.r.t a single thing ( torrent). So dont say about androud anythinh about gaming and u dont know what to say buy an android phone and say bye bye apple
Duel, 16 Jun 2015"He's actually right. Proper optimisation is the key that allows devices to run games wit... moreOf course you can't do nothing about it. I was just stating the fact that Android has been plagued by software issues for a long time.; Of course you can't do nothing about it. I was just stating the fact that Android has been plagued by software issues for a long time.
Anonymous, 17 Jun 2015That's fair enough to help other users but try not to mislead them with information you are no... moreI don't give misleading information. Like i said performance wise those quad and octa core android phones doesnt give you anything over iPhone 6 dual core.
 
 Also no-one in internet havent found that either, you can't really find any proof which way is better other than real life tests, what iv seen Apple way is better performance wise, except now S6 stepped a game a lot for android performance and is actually first android phone ever which i could thinking to buy if i have to buy android device. So far android phones performance wise has been very disappointing to the fact how powerful them are on paper, but that's exactly the problem, paper numbers doesnt tell the whole story. In other corner is iPhone which really doesn't shine on paper and you would expect it to doing very bad job compared to those android phones, but yet it performs extemely well.; I don't give misleading information. Like i said performance wise those quad and octa core android phones doesnt give you anything over iPhone 6 dual core.; Also no-one in internet havent found that either, you can't really find any proof which way is better other than real life tests, what iv seen Apple way is better performance wise, except now S6 stepped a game a lot for android performance and is actually first android phone ever which i could thinking to buy if i have to buy android device. So far android phones performance wise has been very disappointing to the fact how powerful them are on paper, but that's exactly the problem, paper numbers doesnt tell the whole story. In other corner is iPhone which really doesn't shine on paper and you would expect it to doing very bad job compared to those android phones, but yet it performs extemely well.
Duel, 16 Jun 2015"This all started with you commenting that multicores have no us" All of this sta... moreThat's fair enough to help other users but try not to mislead them with information you are not sure of. I use every type of device android and apple as i find both do a very good job with any task I give them. There are different advantages with different phones and software. giving incorrect information makes you as bad as android fanboys, a term that you used.; That's fair enough to help other users but try not to mislead them with information you are not sure of. I use every type of device android and apple as i find both do a very good job with any task I give them. There are different advantages with different phones and software. giving incorrect information makes you as bad as android fanboys, a term that you used.
Duel, 16 Jun 2015"This all started with you commenting that multicores have no us" All of this sta... moreI very much doubt they will use duel core when the iPad Air 2 is already using a tri core. Apple technology only moves forwards not backwards. If you was trying to reassure some one you should of explained that the are two different types of processors one using two powerful cores and one using four less powerful multi cores and the benefits of having either as I have mentioned in a earlier comment. Not just make up some random uneducated opinion that there is no reason for multicores when clearly there is. Then you search your bank of knowledge YouTube for a random attack on a competing manufacturer. Look for more reliable information. There are plenty off reviews with real information and real issues you could use to score browny points with...; I very much doubt they will use duel core when the iPad Air 2 is already using a tri core. Apple technology only moves forwards not backwards. If you was trying to reassure some one you should of explained that the are two different types of processors one using two powerful cores and one using four less powerful multi cores and the benefits of having either as I have mentioned in a earlier comment. Not just make up some random uneducated opinion that there is no reason for multicores when clearly there is. Then you search your bank of knowledge YouTube for a random attack on a competing manufacturer. Look for more reliable information. There are plenty off reviews with real information and real issues you could use to score browny points with...
Anonymous, 16 Jun 2015Honestly, perhaps you could find your self a video on YouTube with all the issues with iOS 6 a... more"This all started with you commenting that multicores have no us"
 
 All of this started when this one guy was insecure if he should buy iPhone 6 because it only have dual core while android devices have so many cores.
 
 I said him if you buy dual core iPhone 6 you are not going to see the difference. Those android devices performance wise arent showing any advantage over dual core iPhone, they get same results or worse than iPhone 6 with that hardware, which clearly all the speedtest and game videos shows. That was the whole point, usually android users think that their android harware is superior and iPhone is outdated just because numbers on paper.
 
 If new upcoming iPhone still going to use dual core we are going to hear all same comments like every year again how iPhone is so outdated because it only has dual core.
 
 And i don't hate android mostly android fanboys. I dont comment in android phone sections, why should i? Im here (iPhone section) because i like iOS devices and know a lot about them (used since 2009) So i can help for current iPhone and upcoming iPhone users.; "This all started with you commenting that multicores have no us"; All of this started when this one guy was insecure if he should buy iPhone 6 because it only have dual core while android devices have so many cores.; I said him if you buy dual core iPhone 6 you are not going to see the difference. Those android devices performance wise arent showing any advantage over dual core iPhone, they get same results or worse than iPhone 6 with that hardware, which clearly all the speedtest and game videos shows. That was the whole point, usually android users think that their android harware is superior and iPhone is outdated just because numbers on paper.; If new upcoming iPhone still going to use dual core we are going to hear all same comments like every year again how iPhone is so outdated because it only has dual core.; And i don't hate android mostly android fanboys. I dont comment in android phone sections, why should i? Im here (iPhone section) because i like iOS devices and know a lot about them (used since 2009) So i can help for current iPhone and upcoming iPhone users.
Duel, 16 Jun 2015"He's actually right. Proper optimisation is the key that allows devices to run games wit... moreI would just like to ask you how many devices do you have? How many are android? What devices have you got? No lies, like I own a shop type thing. I would just like to know why your so against android and how you feel you have become such a guru at judging and preaching smartphones that you clearly have never used or have any knowledge about.; I would just like to ask you how many devices do you have? How many are android? What devices have you got? No lies, like I own a shop type thing. I would just like to know why your so against android and how you feel you have become such a guru at judging and preaching smartphones that you clearly have never used or have any knowledge about.
Duel, 16 Jun 2015"He's actually right. Proper optimisation is the key that allows devices to run games wit... moreHonestly, perhaps you could find your self a video on YouTube with all the issues with iOS 6 and 7, I too had the battery draining issue and the none responding to end a call. Every device and OS has its issues including iPhones. This all started with you commenting that multicores have no use and now it has got to the point where you are trying to justify your uneducated opinions using your source YouTube. No one has made nasty comments about the iPhone just corrected your misleading comments. We all agree that when Apple release its new device it will totally upgrade its hardware and love or hate Apple it will be the leading device on the market but android phones will always upgrade to match or beat Apple next year. That's competition for you...; Honestly, perhaps you could find your self a video on YouTube with all the issues with iOS 6 and 7, I too had the battery draining issue and the none responding to end a call. Every device and OS has its issues including iPhones. This all started with you commenting that multicores have no use and now it has got to the point where you are trying to justify your uneducated opinions using your source YouTube. No one has made nasty comments about the iPhone just corrected your misleading comments. We all agree that when Apple release its new device it will totally upgrade its hardware and love or hate Apple it will be the leading device on the market but android phones will always upgrade to match or beat Apple next year. That's competition for you...
cIicky, 16 Jun 2015He's actually right. Proper optimisation is the key that allows devices to run games without a... more"He's actually right. Proper optimisation is the key that allows devices to run games without any stuttering or lags. High-end Droids do have powerful internals, but get impeded by poor optimisation of apps and games"
 
 I know that, but what you can do about it? Nothing!, it has been like that for years and nothing changed, when you buy android device you never can know how your android device perform with different apps and games. It migh run some things very well and some things very badly. So its just is what it is.
 
 With iOS devices you doesn't have that problem so hardware inside iPhone isn't that important because all the apps and games are designed for those who devices to work so you know everything will run perfectly with your device no matter what the specs on paper says.; "He's actually right. Proper optimisation is the key that allows devices to run games without any stuttering or lags. High-end Droids do have powerful internals, but get impeded by poor optimisation of apps and games"; I know that, but what you can do about it? Nothing!, it has been like that for years and nothing changed, when you buy android device you never can know how your android device perform with different apps and games. It migh run some things very well and some things very badly. So its just is what it is.; With iOS devices you doesn't have that problem so hardware inside iPhone isn't that important because all the apps and games are designed for those who devices to work so you know everything will run perfectly with your device no matter what the specs on paper says.
Duel, 16 Jun 2015Games run or they doesn't, It's that simple. Why always android users making so many excuses. ... moreI have used this game on the device there is no problem with lag at all. I would encourage you to just put a post on the s6 edge gsmarena opinion page where there is a lot of real users and ask about the gta sa game and if there are issues with it and see the response you get. Like I said i have found videos on YouTube showing older iPhones running apps and browsing quicker than the iPhone 6 but I'm not that foolish to believe it to be true.; I have used this game on the device there is no problem with lag at all. I would encourage you to just put a post on the s6 edge gsmarena opinion page where there is a lot of real users and ask about the gta sa game and if there are issues with it and see the response you get. Like I said i have found videos on YouTube showing older iPhones running apps and browsing quicker than the iPhone 6 but I'm not that foolish to believe it to be true.
Duel, 16 Jun 2015Games run or they doesn't, It's that simple. Why always android users making so many excuses. ... moreYou just keep on with finding issues that can be easily resolved with updates. We are all very aware of issues and bugs that plague android but that's why OS will continue to fix them. iOS only supports Apple products, android OS supports about 19k plus devices the majority with different display sizes. This is no excuse but a real facture that needs to be considered. Newer devices have new hardware that is used, processors, ram, cameras, all need optimising and all need regular updates to rid any bugs. As for the youtube clips grow up!!! I can find loads on any device to make any device look bad especially when they are from a unreliable source. I have used the device you have mentioned and there is no problems running games at all. Same as I'm using my iPhone to type this message with also a nexus 6. Not used G4 yet but if I want to find out about issues or how well it runs apps I would do the correct thing and ask people that have got one not just find a biased YouTube clip and call it a day. I think you need to do a little research on your facts because clearly you like your tech just as I do, only I won't be in denial when a newer device improves a feature or hardware that my devices doesn't have. It's funny looking back at all your comments it seems that you have educated your self from youtube. trust yourself in gathering information rather than people that post videos trying prove the world is coming to an end and aliens and lizards are controlling the world...; You just keep on with finding issues that can be easily resolved with updates. We are all very aware of issues and bugs that plague android but that's why OS will continue to fix them. iOS only supports Apple products, android OS supports about 19k plus devices the majority with different display sizes. This is no excuse but a real facture that needs to be considered. Newer devices have new hardware that is used, processors, ram, cameras, all need optimising and all need regular updates to rid any bugs. As for the youtube clips grow up!!! I can find loads on any device to make any device look bad especially when they are from a unreliable source. I have used the device you have mentioned and there is no problems running games at all. Same as I'm using my iPhone to type this message with also a nexus 6. Not used G4 yet but if I want to find out about issues or how well it runs apps I would do the correct thing and ask people that have got one not just find a biased YouTube clip and call it a day. I think you need to do a little research on your facts because clearly you like your tech just as I do, only I won't be in denial when a newer device improves a feature or hardware that my devices doesn't have. It's funny looking back at all your comments it seems that you have educated your self from youtube. trust yourself in gathering information rather than people that post videos trying prove the world is coming to an end and aliens and lizards are controlling the world...
Duel, 16 Jun 2015Games run or they doesn't, It's that simple. Why always android users making so many excuses. ... moreHe's actually right. Proper optimisation is the key that allows devices to run games without any stuttering or lags. High-end Droids do have powerful internals, but get impeded by poor optimisation of apps and games. For instance, the Nexus 6 with the beastly Snapdragon 805 runs World of Tanks Blitz at about 17 FPS, while my ancient Galaxy Tab 7 Plus usually hovers around 20 FPS! The issue is with the software, not the hardware.; He's actually right. Proper optimisation is the key that allows devices to run games without any stuttering or lags. High-end Droids do have powerful internals, but get impeded by poor optimisation of apps and games. For instance, the Nexus 6 with the beastly Snapdragon 805 runs World of Tanks Blitz at about 17 FPS, while my ancient Galaxy Tab 7 Plus usually hovers around 20 FPS! The issue is with the software, not the hardware.
[deleted post]Lol why do you reply yourself?; Lol why do you reply yourself?
renz, 16 Jun 2015Why the battery drains so fast? I have iphne 6 tooBattery last for a day. Compare to my previous phone (samsung galaxy s5) last for 2 days. Cheers!; Battery last for a day. Compare to my previous phone (samsung galaxy s5) last for 2 days. Cheers!
Anonymous, 16 Jun 2015optimisation has a lot to do with performance when running games. This is not a hardware issue... moreGames run or they doesn't, It's that simple. Why always android users making so many excuses. It is what it is, if it's resolution or optimization or something else, it doesnt matter because "you" can't do anything about it, but just accept the fact it lags
 
 S6 edge san Andreas http://youtu.be/u-KutKb8znQ so so bad...; Games run or they doesn't, It's that simple. Why always android users making so many excuses. It is what it is, if it's resolution or optimization or something else, it doesnt matter because "you" can't do anything about it, but just accept the fact it lags; S6 edge san Andreas; so so bad...
Anonymous, 16 Jun 2015There is always room to either match or beat competition regarding the camera (aperture & ... moreThis just came
 
 Component Leaks Suggest Apple Will Reinvent iPhone 6S Camera
 
 http://www.forbes.com/sites/paulmonckton/2015/06­/15/is-the-iphone-about-to-turn-photography-on-i­ts-head/ 
 
 I was hoping they would use that Linx camera this year but didn't quite expect it to happen this soon and now it's looking really to happen.; This just came; Component Leaks Suggest Apple Will Reinvent iPhone 6S Camera; I was hoping they would use that Linx camera this year but didn't quite expect it to happen this soon and now it's looking really to happen.
Duel, 16 Jun 2015"There isn't really any game on a smartphone that any flagship device will struggle"... moreoptimisation has a lot to do with performance when running games. This is not a hardware issue but software issue and you make out android lags all the time this is not true and clearly you have not used the new android flagship phones. All computers smartphones lag but the majority is to do with software. The phone are more than capable of running any app without issue of it has been well optimised to do so. You also need to take in a count display size.; optimisation has a lot to do with performance when running games. This is not a hardware issue but software issue and you make out android lags all the time this is not true and clearly you have not used the new android flagship phones. All computers smartphones lag but the majority is to do with software. The phone are more than capable of running any app without issue of it has been well optimised to do so. You also need to take in a count display size.
Anonymous, 16 Jun 2015Yes on a lot of apps they only use one core and only use what is needed. There isn't really an... more"There isn't really any game on a smartphone that any flagship device will struggle"
 
 Almost all the new high graphics games struggle with most of android phones. Galaxy S6 is actually first android device which have enough performance to run most of games smoothly, not still quite iPhone 6 but close. Every else android phone lags playing hig graphics games so far which i have seen.; "There isn't really any game on a smartphone that any flagship device will struggle"; Almost all the new high graphics games struggle with most of android phones. Galaxy S6 is actually first android device which have enough performance to run most of games smoothly, not still quite iPhone 6 but close. Every else android phone lags playing hig graphics games so far which i have seen.
This phone is for Social Climber; This phone is for Social Climber
Duel, 16 Jun 2015I saw video in youtube where this one guy played games while he using somekind of benchmark to... moreYes on a lot of apps they only use one core and only use what is needed. There isn't really any game on a smartphone that any flagship device will struggle with but apps will get more graphically demanding and will need a lot of memory (ram). Apps are not the only tasks run by processing power things like OS, camera, displays also use the processor. Like I stated in a earlier comment there are benefits from both kind of processors. The octa or duel quad core swaps between lower cores to higher cores to preserve battery life for the huge display resolution and shares task load between cores to run a demanding app. iPhones duel core processor just uses two powerful cores but in doing so battery power is consumed faster this is why iPad Air 2 has moved to a tri core on its A8x to give more power with less battery consumption so more cores will be needed why do you think every major chip make has moved to multiple cores?; Yes on a lot of apps they only use one core and only use what is needed. There isn't really any game on a smartphone that any flagship device will struggle with but apps will get more graphically demanding and will need a lot of memory (ram). Apps are not the only tasks run by processing power things like OS, camera, displays also use the processor. Like I stated in a earlier comment there are benefits from both kind of processors. The octa or duel quad core swaps between lower cores to higher cores to preserve battery life for the huge display resolution and shares task load between cores to run a demanding app. iPhones duel core processor just uses two powerful cores but in doing so battery power is consumed faster this is why iPad Air 2 has moved to a tri core on its A8x to give more power with less battery consumption so more cores will be needed why do you think every major chip make has moved to multiple cores?
bapun, 14 Jun 2015Tell me how to download a song in to my iPhone from other websites except that iTunes Store You can using VLC player, touch the slide out menu, tap downloads, enter the URL of the file which you want to download and hit download.; You can using VLC player, touch the slide out menu, tap downloads, enter the URL of the file which you want to download and hit download.
Duel, 16 Jun 2015Phone camera can't get that much better anymore, we are already passed the time when every cam... moreThere is always room to either match or beat competition regarding the camera (aperture & pixels). I'm sure Apple are not just going to use the same as what they already have on the 6. iPhones have always had arguable the best camera on a smartphone up until this year I doubt Apple will be happy to let its competition take that title from them. Never said its a bad camera but they do need to upgrade it to match the s6 and G4. I'm positive on the upcoming iPhone they will make the changes and it will be a huge success but just pointed out they do need to upgrade some hardware to match other manufacturers.; There is always room to either match or beat competition regarding the camera (aperture & pixels). I'm sure Apple are not just going to use the same as what they already have on the 6. iPhones have always had arguable the best camera on a smartphone up until this year I doubt Apple will be happy to let its competition take that title from them. Never said its a bad camera but they do need to upgrade it to match the s6 and G4. I'm positive on the upcoming iPhone they will make the changes and it will be a huge success but just pointed out they do need to upgrade some hardware to match other manufacturers.
Haha, 16 Jun 2015There you go again twisting words. Read the comments I did not put about the a8 cores being in... moreI saw video in youtube where this one guy played games while he using somekind of benchmark tool. That benchmark tool also shows how many cores games using. That guy was very surprised because most of games only used two cores, for example very heavy games like modern combat 5.; I saw video in youtube where this one guy played games while he using somekind of benchmark tool. That benchmark tool also shows how many cores games using. That guy was very surprised because most of games only used two cores, for example very heavy games like modern combat 5.
Haha, 16 Jun 2015There you go again twisting words. Read the comments I did not put about the a8 cores being in... morePhone camera can't get that much better anymore, we are already passed the time when every camera update made huge difference.
 
 Most of people doesn't see the difference anymore if they doesn't use magnifying glass to look the photos. 
 
 All current flagship phones takes great photos already except HTC M9.
 
 So i don't think it's much needed upgrade for iPhone, but im sure they are making it better, but not sure if it going to make much difference anymore. Only place where is lot to improve is lowligh photos.; Phone camera can't get that much better anymore, we are already passed the time when every camera update made huge difference.; Most of people doesn't see the difference anymore if they doesn't use magnifying glass to look the photos.; All current flagship phones takes great photos already except HTC M9.; So i don't think it's much needed upgrade for iPhone, but im sure they are making it better, but not sure if it going to make much difference anymore. Only place where is lot to improve is lowligh photos.
Drakula, 13 Jun 2015Got my iphone 6 2 days ago. Awesome phone! Very simple to use. Except its battery life drains ... moreWhy the battery drains so fast? I have iphne 6 too; Why the battery drains so fast? I have iphne 6 too
Duel, 15 Jun 2015Apple can easily keep up with competition like they do every year, that's why more and more pe... moreThere you go again twisting words. Read the comments I did not put about the a8 cores being inferior at all. I did how ever mention that other aspects of the hardware will need to change like the ram and also upgrading the camera. I do not disagree that apples different approach to using a duel core rather than a multicore is working for them but what you have been commenting to others is that multicore has no use. I think you should learn more about the benefits of having a quad or duel quad core chip as you clearly only get your information from biased web sites. There are benefits for using both types of processors like preserving battery life on larger resolution displays where android devices are clearly more advanced. Yes single core performance is good to run smaller apps and tasks but the exynos is not far off from achieving the same power on singlecore performance but gets a much better multicore score on benchmark tests. The Octacore is basically a duel quadcores that switches between the chips lower and higher. This is again to preserve battery life for the 2k plus displays. Yes s6 needs a few updates to make the device run flawlessly as most new devices do but it has the hardware to do so. iPhone will need to upgrade the ram because apps will carry on improving so will need the extra memory. It is like you are in denial or something. Don't read things and twist them again. If your struggling to read the comment get someone who can read for you!!! MEMORY (RAM) Will be just as important as processing power.; There you go again twisting words. Read the comments I did not put about the a8 cores being inferior at all. I did how ever mention that other aspects of the hardware will need to change like the ram and also upgrading the camera. I do not disagree that apples different approach to using a duel core rather than a multicore is working for them but what you have been commenting to others is that multicore has no use. I think you should learn more about the benefits of having a quad or duel quad core chip as you clearly only get your information from biased web sites. There are benefits for using both types of processors like preserving battery life on larger resolution displays where android devices are clearly more advanced. Yes single core performance is good to run smaller apps and tasks but the exynos is not far off from achieving the same power on singlecore performance but gets a much better multicore score on benchmark tests. The Octacore is basically a duel quadcores that switches between the chips lower and higher. This is again to preserve battery life for the 2k plus displays. Yes s6 needs a few updates to make the device run flawlessly as most new devices do but it has the hardware to do so. iPhone will need to upgrade the ram because apps will carry on improving so will need the extra memory. It is like you are in denial or something. Don't read things and twist them again. If your struggling to read the comment get someone who can read for you!!! MEMORY (RAM) Will be just as important as processing power.
Haha, 15 Jun 2015Believe what you want iPhone needs to up its game in order to keep up with the new released ph... moreApple can easily keep up with competition like they do every year, that's why more and more people are buying iPhones and this year there's a lot of android switchers.
 
 Why would android run slowly with iPhone when iPhone 6 hardware is among best in the market? You need to understand that Apple just using different approach in CPU design. Apple have two very powerful cores running while android devices using more cores with less single core power. Clearly what Apple doing works great, because every year they have fastest device in the market and im sure this year not going to be any different because iPhone 6 can already keep up with newest android flagships. Or do you really believe with S6 hardware iPhone 6 would be like two or three times faster phone than S6? Wouldnt that be very funny? I really don't believe that.; Apple can easily keep up with competition like they do every year, that's why more and more people are buying iPhones and this year there's a lot of android switchers.; Why would android run slowly with iPhone when iPhone 6 hardware is among best in the market? You need to understand that Apple just using different approach in CPU design. Apple have two very powerful cores running while android devices using more cores with less single core power. Clearly what Apple doing works great, because every year they have fastest device in the market and im sure this year not going to be any different because iPhone 6 can already keep up with newest android flagships. Or do you really believe with S6 hardware iPhone 6 would be like two or three times faster phone than S6? Wouldnt that be very funny? I really don't believe that.
Hey guys..
 I want to know which is better to get.
 iphone 5s or iphone 6 ?; Hey guys..; I want to know which is better to get.; iphone 5s or iphone 6 ?
Haha, 15 Jun 2015Believe what you want iPhone needs to up its game in order to keep up with the new released ph... moreAnd let's not forget the fact that when you guys talk about how powerful your android devices are we iOS users actually can EXPERIENCE and USE all that power ALREADY and for example play games like this http://youtu.be/cM3RLJLRL5o great looking game with great lighting visuals which really shows the power of iOS hardware. Maybe coming for android someday too... But well hey atleast you guys have your cores while we iOS users gets all the good stuffs :); And let's not forget the fact that when you guys talk about how powerful your android devices are we iOS users actually can EXPERIENCE and USE all that power ALREADY and for example play games like this; great looking game with great lighting visuals which really shows the power of iOS hardware. Maybe coming for android someday too... But well hey atleast you guys have your cores while we iOS users gets all the good stuffs :)
Duel, 15 Jun 2015Except the guy with S5 believes everything too and that guy who said he don't like Apple produ... moreBelieve what you want iPhone needs to up its game in order to keep up with the new released phones. You keep trying to find faults on the newer phones to make the iPhone 6 as good yes the iOS makes it super quick but if it was using android OS it would be on par with a mid rang device. As android is improved it will get quicker and be able to take advantage of the latest hardware. iPhone with 1 gig of ddr3 ram compared to 3 gig of ddr4 is no competition. Don't twist my words as you do everyone else's. The problem is with the multicores is that at the moment like the 64bit processors its all a bit gimmicky because apps are still not designed to take advantage of them. This will change and when it does the android phones will have the hardware ready along with improved OS they will make a difference. Multicores due get used its silly saying they don't they are designed to share the work load off tasks, new apps will take advantage of this also. There is not just the processor and ram difference but also the camera difference too lg and Samsung are without a doubt leading the smartphone market not saying the iPhone's bad but it's another loss to android phones. Same with Wireless charging and other features you could say a device don't need them but the majority of phone owners would use them also. I'm sure you will try to twist my words but frankly I don't care. Apple will need to defiantly up the ram on the next device along with a better camera, I'm sure they will but that still leaves the iPhone 6 behind the latest android devices and the upcoming iPhone.; Believe what you want iPhone needs to up its game in order to keep up with the new released phones. You keep trying to find faults on the newer phones to make the iPhone 6 as good yes the iOS makes it super quick but if it was using android OS it would be on par with a mid rang device. As android is improved it will get quicker and be able to take advantage of the latest hardware. iPhone with 1 gig of ddr3 ram compared to 3 gig of ddr4 is no competition. Don't twist my words as you do everyone else's. The problem is with the multicores is that at the moment like the 64bit processors its all a bit gimmicky because apps are still not designed to take advantage of them. This will change and when it does the android phones will have the hardware ready along with improved OS they will make a difference. Multicores due get used its silly saying they don't they are designed to share the work load off tasks, new apps will take advantage of this also. There is not just the processor and ram difference but also the camera difference too lg and Samsung are without a doubt leading the smartphone market not saying the iPhone's bad but it's another loss to android phones. Same with Wireless charging and other features you could say a device don't need them but the majority of phone owners would use them also. I'm sure you will try to twist my words but frankly I don't care. Apple will need to defiantly up the ram on the next device along with a better camera, I'm sure they will but that still leaves the iPhone 6 behind the latest android devices and the upcoming iPhone.
[deleted post]Except the guy with S5 believes everything too and that guy who said he don't like Apple products said also that the phone is fast and the screen sticking out. So those two guys kind a ruined your thing.; Except the guy with S5 believes everything too and that guy who said he don't like Apple products said also that the phone is fast and the screen sticking out. So those two guys kind a ruined your thing.
Am a non iPhone user, but astonished to see that only one now two models can keep its price and demand stable throughout the year. Personally I hate fr many reasons as I have worked back once in its supply chain. Everything is assembled by Foxcomm many pieces stolen ad sold fr free as per its original price. In 2014 I owned 5s its s toy and half features of and ios. That's Folks.; Am a non iPhone user, but astonished to see that only one now two models can keep its price and demand stable throughout the year. Personally I hate fr many reasons as I have worked back once in its supply chain. Everything is assembled by Foxcomm many pieces stolen ad sold fr free as per its original price. In 2014 I owned 5s its s toy and half features of and ios. That's Folks.
Duel, 14 Jun 2015No wonder why samsung sales are down a lot in China if you can get that kind of phone with tha... moreYou are full of it. The only reason iPhone is as quick as it is, is because of its iOS. The hardware is no longer competition. The issues with android at the moment is to do with lollipop and the memory leak issue on the s6 is down to software also. Iphone has 1 gig of ddr3 ram. Most androids now have 3 gig of ddr4 don't tell me the one is better unless you know nothing about ram. As androids OS improves it will make better use of hardware like the multiple core processor chips you keep banging on about. Anyway the camera is better on android, display much better. Iphone 6 is matched by last years android smartphone not this years. I think you will be waiting a while until Apple make a phone to rival the s6 edge or lgg4. By the way Samsung maybe making part of the a9 chip so they can't be as bad as you make out after all. I would love to see a iPhone handle androids OS and higher screen resolution it would be funny watching it struggle against mid range smartphones.; You are full of it. The only reason iPhone is as quick as it is, is because of its iOS. The hardware is no longer competition. The issues with android at the moment is to do with lollipop and the memory leak issue on the s6 is down to software also. Iphone has 1 gig of ddr3 ram. Most androids now have 3 gig of ddr4 don't tell me the one is better unless you know nothing about ram. As androids OS improves it will make better use of hardware like the multiple core processor chips you keep banging on about. Anyway the camera is better on android, display much better. Iphone 6 is matched by last years android smartphone not this years. I think you will be waiting a while until Apple make a phone to rival the s6 edge or lgg4. By the way Samsung maybe making part of the a9 chip so they can't be as bad as you make out after all. I would love to see a iPhone handle androids OS and higher screen resolution it would be funny watching it struggle against mid range smartphones.
I have recently switched from android to iPhone (2 weeks; Had been using nexus 5 since 1.5 years)
 The only 2 areas where iphone 6 is better than nexus is the battery and the volume of speakers. Other than that, Nexus outperforms the iPhone by a long margin. For most things, I have to make a touch or two extra than i used to do on nexus. Surprisingly, even the responsiveness of touch is better in Nexus (I was not expecting this) The good thing about apple is that the software in itself is so optimised that 1 gb ram is sufficient and one thing to note is that i am comparing it with nexus and not with android phones in general. Nexus 5 is a beast. Apple is also a beast but nexus is simple the better beast. Other android phones suck only coz the manufacturers customise them so heavily that even 3 gb ram and octacore processors dont matter; I have recently switched from android to iPhone (2 weeks; Had been using nexus 5 since 1.5 years); The only 2 areas where iphone 6 is better than nexus is the battery and the volume of speakers. Other than that, Nexus outperforms the iPhone by a long margin. For most things, I have to make a touch or two extra than i used to do on nexus. Surprisingly, even the responsiveness of touch is better in Nexus (I was not expecting this) The good thing about apple is that the software in itself is so optimised that 1 gb ram is sufficient and one thing to note is that i am comparing it with nexus and not with android phones in general. Nexus 5 is a beast. Apple is also a beast but nexus is simple the better beast. Other android phones suck only coz the manufacturers customise them so heavily that even 3 gb ram and octacore processors dont matter
Apple is making a huge push against privacy invasion, which is opposite to Google and Android's model of business. With iOS9, also, the incredible 3 year support of OS is extended to 4! iPhone 4s will run iOS 9, a phone introduced in 2011!
 
 Any wonder people are loyal to the brand?
 
 Seems that Android loyalty should be deemed sheep, given how their customers keep getting screwed over, yet they keep going back for more punishment, while giving away all personal info. Thankfully, waves and waves are switching over after learning their lesson.; Apple is making a huge push against privacy invasion, which is opposite to Google and Android's model of business. With iOS9, also, the incredible 3 year support of OS is extended to 4! iPhone 4s will run iOS 9, a phone introduced in 2011!; Any wonder people are loyal to the brand?; Seems that Android loyalty should be deemed sheep, given how their customers keep getting screwed over, yet they keep going back for more punishment, while giving away all personal info. Thankfully, waves and waves are switching over after learning their lesson.
Anonymous, 14 Jun 2015When Apple make phone with matching screen(as big and with same resolution QHD) and same freed... moreNo wonder why samsung sales are down a lot in China if you can get that kind of phone with that cheap. That phone can easily compete with S6 with third of the price. Luckily Chinese companies can't make ridiculously cheap iOS device so Apple is safe, but these kind of companies are very bad for big name android OEMs.
 
 Samsung should be very frustrated because Chinese companies sell that kind of phone only with price of the parts and doesn't do any profit, but bigger companies can't use that kind of strategy, they have to do money.; No wonder why samsung sales are down a lot in China if you can get that kind of phone with that cheap. That phone can easily compete with S6 with third of the price. Luckily Chinese companies can't make ridiculously cheap iOS device so Apple is safe, but these kind of companies are very bad for big name android OEMs.; Samsung should be very frustrated because Chinese companies sell that kind of phone only with price of the parts and doesn't do any profit, but bigger companies can't use that kind of strategy, they have to do money.
cIicky, 13 Jun 2015You can, actually. You just need to be a little bit more resourceful.Tell me how to download a song in to my iPhone from other websites except that iTunes Store; Tell me how to download a song in to my iPhone from other websites except that iTunes Store
Duel, 13 Jun 2015Sure sure... Funny to hear all your excuses about this new speedtest video http://youtu.be/Izv... moreWhen Apple make phone with matching screen(as big and with same resolution QHD) and same freedom of the OS and its better than.. there is something to compare. And sometung to wrap you head about https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=1YhYukHmiQ8 200$ phone slap around iphone 6+.; When Apple make phone with matching screen(as big and with same resolution QHD) and same freedom of the OS and its better than.. there is something to compare. And sometung to wrap you head about; 200$ phone slap around iphone 6+.
Vipul Bariya, 14 Jun 2015Can someone suggest me better of the two ? I mean the iPhone 6 & 6 Plus ? I want a phone f... moreThem6'plus has a better display in terms of resolution, better camera and battery life.; Them6'plus has a better display in terms of resolution, better camera and battery life.
Vipul Bariya, 14 Jun 2015Can someone suggest me better of the two ? I mean the iPhone 6 & 6 Plus ? I want a phone f... moreGo in for Note 3 /Note 4. gr8 phones.; Go in for Note 3 /Note 4. gr8 phones.
i had the lg g3 and loved it. i was in att to pick up the g4 for my new upgrade, but the phone was slightly larger snd i did not like the curved glass. well..... i never owned an apple product and wanted something different so i bought ihe iPhone 6. i have it 13 days and have decided to keep it. the best thing about it is that it just works!!!! it is the perfect size and the camera is real good. i wish there was a jail break for it. the only thing i miss are the on screen widgets, other then that i have all my google apps on it and it works perfectly....; i had the lg g3 and loved it. i was in att to pick up the g4 for my new upgrade, but the phone was slightly larger snd i did not like the curved glass. well..... i never owned an apple product and wanted something different so i bought ihe iPhone 6. i have it 13 days and have decided to keep it. the best thing about it is that it just works!!!! it is the perfect size and the camera is real good. i wish there was a jail break for it. the only thing i miss are the on screen widgets, other then that i have all my google apps on it and it works perfectly....
Mick, 13 Jun 2015Honestly you don't have a clue. Stop being so desperate to defended apple. Yes the iPhone is g... moreHere is another video with different phone HTC M9 vs iPhone 6+ http://youtu.be/Z810d7J5oE8; Here is another video with different phone HTC M9 vs iPhone 6+
Those who used android phone for them iPhone six is kachra. i m using Sony for me i really don't like iPhone any brand as i used iPhone 5s for 4 days you cant connect your iPhone to any other brand using Bluetooth or you cant transfer anything from your pc to iphone and it was boring with iPhone and those who used iPhone from beginning for them its pretty good.; Those who used android phone for them iPhone six is kachra. i m using Sony for me i really don't like iPhone any brand as i used iPhone 5s for 4 days you cant connect your iPhone to any other brand using Bluetooth or you cant transfer anything from your pc to iphone and it was boring with iPhone and those who used iPhone from beginning for them its pretty good.
Can someone suggest me better of the two ? I mean the iPhone 6 & 6 Plus ? I want a phone for social apps like Facebook, WhatsApp & a few games. For calling I am using a Sony android phone. Better of the two in terms of speed & usage.; Can someone suggest me better of the two ? I mean the iPhone 6 & 6 Plus ? I want a phone for social apps like Facebook, WhatsApp & a few games. For calling I am using a Sony android phone. Better of the two in terms of speed & usage.
Hi team, i really feel that the Ram on here should be more higher :) good phone.; Hi team, i really feel that the Ram on here should be more higher :) good phone.
Mick, 13 Jun 2015Honestly you don't have a clue. Stop being so desperate to defended apple. Yes the iPhone is g... morewell it's android fan boys that come in, that is making apple users defend apple. You guys come in here, making up phantom scenario's posing as fake apple users and making up fake reviews, on so for. We are just stepping against those clowns who make up false reviews about apple. 99% of the things you android users say are not even true, that's the problem.; well it's android fan boys that come in, that is making apple users defend apple. You guys come in here, making up phantom scenario's posing as fake apple users and making up fake reviews, on so for. We are just stepping against those clowns who make up false reviews about apple. 99% of the things you android users say are not even true, that's the problem.
Duel, 13 Jun 2015Sure sure... Funny to hear all your excuses about this new speedtest video http://youtu.be/Izv... moreYou really want to use you tube videos on me lol. Ok I can also play that silly game http://youtu.be/tUtJ522yj3s the thing about having more ram and higher hardware is that it gets used more as new software is upgraded. So when lollipop decides to get its act together it will become more fluid in using newer hardware. This is why iPhone will be adding more ram on it next device. The fact is iOS is at a point where it will need more hardware to further improve performance. Most modern android phone have the hardware but waiting for software to catch up where as iPhone has the software but now needs hardware to catch up. Please don't tell me you think 1 gig of ddr3 ram is enough when other phones now have 3 gig of ddr4. You are missing the point. The new processors are more powerful it's just iOS does a very good job in getting the most out of its hardware but as android improves that little gap will get larger.; You really want to use you tube videos on me lol. Ok I can also play that silly game; the thing about having more ram and higher hardware is that it gets used more as new software is upgraded. So when lollipop decides to get its act together it will become more fluid in using newer hardware. This is why iPhone will be adding more ram on it next device. The fact is iOS is at a point where it will need more hardware to further improve performance. Most modern android phone have the hardware but waiting for software to catch up where as iPhone has the software but now needs hardware to catch up. Please don't tell me you think 1 gig of ddr3 ram is enough when other phones now have 3 gig of ddr4. You are missing the point. The new processors are more powerful it's just iOS does a very good job in getting the most out of its hardware but as android improves that little gap will get larger.
Mick, 13 Jun 2015Honestly you don't have a clue. Stop being so desperate to defended apple. Yes the iPhone is g... moreSure sure... Funny to hear all your excuses about this new speedtest video http://youtu.be/Izv5BpQxxwM htc m9+ vs galaxy s6 vs iPhone 6
 
 Those extra cores really do very poor job according to you, shouldn't iPhone lose that batlle by mile? Because android devices get 2000 points more in benchmarks... :)
 
 And look what happened in multitasking part, oh you just said many cores would help in multitasking... Yet iPhone did lot better opening background apps.
 
 And about gaming, you can't find any game which runs better on android device than iPhone. You are forgetting that GPU matters much more, also optimization and Apple own METAL graphic API and when you combine all those you get iPhone gaming perfmance.
 
 Sorry but this is just true, in real life performance iPhone 6 is as fast as all android phones or even faster and smoother (gaming).
 
 So like i said if you buy dual core iPhone 6 you aren't going to be disappointed it performance and does't going to see it anywhere that it's "only" use dual core.; Sure sure... Funny to hear all your excuses about this new speedtest video; htc m9+ vs galaxy s6 vs iPhone 6; Those extra cores really do very poor job according to you, shouldn't iPhone lose that batlle by mile? Because android devices get 2000 points more in benchmarks... :); And look what happened in multitasking part, oh you just said many cores would help in multitasking... Yet iPhone did lot better opening background apps.; And about gaming, you can't find any game which runs better on android device than iPhone. You are forgetting that GPU matters much more, also optimization and Apple own METAL graphic API and when you combine all those you get iPhone gaming perfmance.; Sorry but this is just true, in real life performance iPhone 6 is as fast as all android phones or even faster and smoother (gaming).; So like i said if you buy dual core iPhone 6 you aren't going to be disappointed it performance and does't going to see it anywhere that it's "only" use dual core.
bapun, 13 Jun 2015it's all about good features and performance.though the iphone 6 is a good performor but the f... moreYou can, actually. You just need to be a little bit more resourceful.; You can, actually. You just need to be a little bit more resourceful.
Duel, 12 Jun 2015"but my main point is s6 open apps and games faster than iphone 6" but it doesn't... moreHonestly you don't have a clue. Stop being so desperate to defended apple. Yes the iPhone is good and fast there is nothing wrong with the speed camera design but you are starting to be very annoying with trying to prove that your phone is the best and the fastest and it's not anymore so face it. When iPhone 6s is released then you can start all your preaching again. The geekbench single core score you keep referring to is a silly thing to latch on to the s6 scores 1500 single core the iPhone 6 scores 1600. The multicore the s6 score 5000 plus the iPhone 6 scores 2800. Multiple core do get used on Heavy gaming and multitasks. So saying phones don't use more cores is stupid. If your opinion was correct the iPhone would be faster in opening apps and browsing every time but as you see all over you tube the s6 wins the majority off the time. Geekbench is not the only benchmark either Antutu also shows a huge gap between the devices, yes benchmarking isn't a perfect way to judge performance but still it's a good reference. So stop your manipulation of facts by only producing part information to support your biased and unfair opinion. Like I said no doubt when the iPhone 6s is released there will be a new king of smartphones but at the moment Samsung have the faster device.; Honestly you don't have a clue. Stop being so desperate to defended apple. Yes the iPhone is good and fast there is nothing wrong with the speed camera design but you are starting to be very annoying with trying to prove that your phone is the best and the fastest and it's not anymore so face it. When iPhone 6s is released then you can start all your preaching again. The geekbench single core score you keep referring to is a silly thing to latch on to the s6 scores 1500 single core the iPhone 6 scores 1600. The multicore the s6 score 5000 plus the iPhone 6 scores 2800. Multiple core do get used on Heavy gaming and multitasks. So saying phones don't use more cores is stupid. If your opinion was correct the iPhone would be faster in opening apps and browsing every time but as you see all over you tube the s6 wins the majority off the time. Geekbench is not the only benchmark either Antutu also shows a huge gap between the devices, yes benchmarking isn't a perfect way to judge performance but still it's a good reference. So stop your manipulation of facts by only producing part information to support your biased and unfair opinion. Like I said no doubt when the iPhone 6s is released there will be a new king of smartphones but at the moment Samsung have the faster device.
sam, 13 Jun 2015People said apple is boring not good which people cannot afford apple... Apple is best ... Sam... moreit's all about good features and performance.though the iphone 6 is a good performor but the features are less. in android you get full freedom.but in ios even u can't downloada song. the most annoyingthing; it's all about good features and performance.though the iphone 6 is a good performor but the features are less. in android you get full freedom.but in ios even u can't downloada song. the most annoyingthing
Kumar, 12 Jun 2015Could any one please suggest me which is best mobile in market. I really want to buy a new pho... moreThere not really a such thing as the best smartphone. It all depends on your personal preference. I just ordered a G4 and have not tried itmout yet, but I am still in love with the botton layout of my G2, and now there is simply no going back. Samsung no doubts has the most powerful CPU, but you have no SD slot and you can't replace the battery. The CPU on the iPhone is not slow, the frequency means close to nothing today, what matters is how much "work" it does per frequence. I don't know how much this is, but I do know that in real life performance, you won't really feel a difference. The reason I myself chose the G4, is bothe the bottons, and most important the price.; There not really a such thing as the best smartphone. It all depends on your personal preference. I just ordered a G4 and have not tried itmout yet, but I am still in love with the botton layout of my G2, and now there is simply no going back. Samsung no doubts has the most powerful CPU, but you have no SD slot and you can't replace the battery. The CPU on the iPhone is not slow, the frequency means close to nothing today, what matters is how much "work" it does per frequence. I don't know how much this is, but I do know that in real life performance, you won't really feel a difference. The reason I myself chose the G4, is bothe the bottons, and most important the price.
People said apple is boring not good which people cannot afford apple... Apple is best ... Samsung after 2 month start lagging...lg have not good repoo in market and not good resale value... I have not a fanboy of apple.. I have iphn 6 its good superb which people said its camera bad these all are wrong its camera superb.. Slow motion is awesome... Apple is made for royal peoples.... Battery backup good but not better.. Gaming are superb not lagging... In space gray or gold its look sexy....; People said apple is boring not good which people cannot afford apple... Apple is best ... Samsung after 2 month start lagging...lg have not good repoo in market and not good resale value... I have not a fanboy of apple.. I have iphn 6 its good superb which people said its camera bad these all are wrong its camera superb.. Slow motion is awesome... Apple is made for royal peoples.... Battery backup good but not better.. Gaming are superb not lagging... In space gray or gold its look sexy....
Got my iphone 6 2 days ago. Awesome phone! Very simple to use. Except its battery life drains so fast but tolerable.; Got my iphone 6 2 days ago. Awesome phone! Very simple to use. Except its battery life drains so fast but tolerable.
Any one tell me, iPhone 6+ really supported CDMA SIM; Any one tell me, iPhone 6+ really supported CDMA SIM
Kumar, 12 Jun 2015Could any one please suggest me which is best mobile in market. I really want to buy a new pho... more"Iphone comparing with other two mobile processor is very low P"
 
 Trust me, don't believe those numbers, they are there just to brainwash people to believe bigger numbers means better performance.
 
 If you buy iPhone i quarantee, it's very fast and supersmooth device.
 
 IPhone single core speed is fastest in the market, which means when you use one or two cores you have fastest device. Very rarely where you need those android phones 4 cores there's comes the faster performance, but have no idea where that shows because so far i haven't EVER seen it except in benchmark scores.; "Iphone comparing with other two mobile processor is very low P"; Trust me, don't believe those numbers, they are there just to brainwash people to believe bigger numbers means better performance.; If you buy iPhone i quarantee, it's very fast and supersmooth device.; IPhone single core speed is fastest in the market, which means when you use one or two cores you have fastest device. Very rarely where you need those android phones 4 cores there's comes the faster performance, but have no idea where that shows because so far i haven't EVER seen it except in benchmark scores.
I am using this phone since last 5 days. 
 Pros- excellent built quality
 nice display but not vivid as samsung super AMOLED
 battery life is good
 user interface is simple
 finger print scanner
 cons- as it's ios so there are a lot of restrictions. like you can't download songs from other websites
 the range of portable wifi hotspot is very weak.its the most annoying thing.
 ITunes .. u can't transfer the songs just by copy and paste like android phone.
 
 
 Really apple should improve these things. Now the scenario is that Apple is lagging behind android. It's really the truth.
 
 If any iphone user can tell me how to overcome these problems then it will be really helpful. 
 
 
 Before buying iphone please consider these things. I am not a apple or Android fan boy. It's my experience with iphone 6.; I am using this phone since last 5 days.; Pros- excellent built quality; nice display but not vivid as samsung super AMOLED; battery life is good; user interface is simple; finger print scanner; cons- as it's ios so there are a lot of restrictions. like you can't download songs from other websites; the range of portable wifi hotspot is very weak.its the most annoying thing.; ITunes .. u can't transfer the songs just by copy and paste like android phone.; Really apple should improve these things. Now the scenario is that Apple is lagging behind android. It's really the truth.; If any iphone user can tell me how to overcome these problems then it will be really helpful.; Before buying iphone please consider these things. I am not a apple or Android fan boy. It's my experience with iphone 6.
Its owsome phone. I like it; Its owsome phone. I like it
Jhonyy, 12 Jun 2015I am using Iphone 6 for about three months and its good very good updates cames fast, phone wo... moreThank You Jhonyy for your suggestions, Could you also please tell me when Iphone 6S is releasing -- ANY IDEA?? and
 what is your opinion about LG G4??Besides Camera feautres Please suggest***; Thank You Jhonyy for your suggestions, Could you also please tell me when Iphone 6S is releasing -- ANY IDEA?? and; what is your opinion about LG G4??Besides Camera feautres Please suggest***
Mine IP6 has gone and replaced with 5s,,got scratches on screen from;;well I do not know where from but very peeved. A look round the web seems to show it is ion strengthened glass so not scratchproof or Gorilla glass. The scratches could/could not be the oleophobic coating. I agree Apple do the BEST oleophobic coatings but not much use if it is scratchy. I did lose a lot of money this time as iPhone 6 is still overpriced second hand. It does not look good if 6s is going to be same thing with upgraded internals as usual cause I am not buying it at that price and is easy to scratch.
 
 IPHONE 6 used in jeans pocket or bedside cabinet so how all these scratches appeared is beyond me.; Mine IP6 has gone and replaced with 5s,,got scratches on screen from;;well I do not know where from but very peeved. A look round the web seems to show it is ion strengthened glass so not scratchproof or Gorilla glass. The scratches could/could not be the oleophobic coating. I agree Apple do the BEST oleophobic coatings but not much use if it is scratchy. I did lose a lot of money this time as iPhone 6 is still overpriced second hand. It does not look good if 6s is going to be same thing with upgraded internals as usual cause I am not buying it at that price and is easy to scratch.; IPHONE 6 used in jeans pocket or bedside cabinet so how all these scratches appeared is beyond me.
I forget to say two things by only 64GB or up, 16Gb is full after 2 months and you need to delete photos and apps. Battery is way better than that ones on Iphone 5s - in normal usage at the end you have 10%.; I forget to say two things by only 64GB or up, 16Gb is full after 2 months and you need to delete photos and apps. Battery is way better than that ones on Iphone 5s - in normal usage at the end you have 10%.
I am using Iphone 6 for about three months and its good very good updates cames fast, phone works without big lags. I have one or two lags by the three months but compering with LG G3 that I used before 6 months- Iphone 6 is wonderfull. Yes it`s expensive but OS is very stable, get updates fast, dont disturb me with stupid notifications about app updates. Camera is very good, loads fast, good photos in every situation. About game play I would say in the middle when you play Asphalt 8 you can feel small lags in big grafic situations I think it is because off 1 Gb ram. Maybe Galaxy s6 is better in games, but dont forget that updates on Samsung devices are very slow. The fastest in updates I think is LG but is very lagyy. I would recomend Iphone 6 two friend, but better he wait for Iphone 6S :); I am using Iphone 6 for about three months and its good very good updates cames fast, phone works without big lags. I have one or two lags by the three months but compering with LG G3 that I used before 6 months- Iphone 6 is wonderfull. Yes it`s expensive but OS is very stable, get updates fast, dont disturb me with stupid notifications about app updates. Camera is very good, loads fast, good photos in every situation. About game play I would say in the middle when you play Asphalt 8 you can feel small lags in big grafic situations I think it is because off 1 Gb ram. Maybe Galaxy s6 is better in games, but dont forget that updates on Samsung devices are very slow. The fastest in updates I think is LG but is very lagyy. I would recomend Iphone 6 two friend, but better he wait for Iphone 6S :)
GSMA please compare iP 6 and SGS6.; GSMA please compare iP 6 and SGS6.
Could any one please suggest me which is best mobile in market. I really want to buy a new phone which i gud in terms of performance and longterm usage.
 
 I am dice buying LG G4 or Iphone 6 or Samsung S6
 
 Reason i am stuck because:
 
 1.) LG do not have resell value...
 
 2.) Samsung S6 starts lagging after 2 weeks or 1 month or down the line in months for sure and battery issue
 
 3.) Iphone comparing with other two mobile processor is very low
 
 PLEASE SUGGEST ME QUICK..; Could any one please suggest me which is best mobile in market. I really want to buy a new phone which i gud in terms of performance and longterm usage.; I am dice buying LG G4 or Iphone 6 or Samsung S6; Reason i am stuck because:; 1.) LG do not have resell value...; 2.) Samsung S6 starts lagging after 2 weeks or 1 month or down the line in months for sure and battery issue; 3.) Iphone comparing with other two mobile processor is very low; PLEASE SUGGEST ME QUICK..
rahul71992, 12 Jun 2015s6 is more powerfull thaniphone 6 ...about multitasking s6 wins but it closes apps in bacgroun... more"but my main point is s6 open apps and games faster than iphone 6"
 
 but it doesn't it depends of the app or game, S6 opens some apps faster, usually iPhone opens games faster because you need bigger performance for bigger task. But when you open small apps, it could end bothways like many speedtest are showing.
 
 And didn't you see my video where iPhone 6 just beat S6 in app/game loading speedtest.
 
 u all knows that samsung touchwiz is very heaviers ui and its loads more on cpu
 
 Yes we know, how that helps users?
 
 but iphone 6 ios is lighter
 
 Yes it's perfectly optimized from the first iOS, iOS9 just added lot new features and still the performance is same than before.
 
 "and s6 exynos destroys iphone 6 cpu"
 
 Only in multicore tests, iPhone 6 single core performance is actually bigger than S6, that's why iPhone 6 is as fast or faster as S6, because your phone very rarely use more than 2 cores, so you paid for cores which you don't even use.
 
 "s6 power completely destroy iphone6.."
 
 No it doesn't and this is again talk by guy who sadly is brainwashed to think his phone use all the cores all the time and think he's Galaxy is superior when even 9 months old iPhone 6 is as fast as S6. Going to be funny to see upcoming iPhone performance when iPhone 6 is already that good.; "but my main point is s6 open apps and games faster than iphone 6"; but it doesn't it depends of the app or game, S6 opens some apps faster, usually iPhone opens games faster because you need bigger performance for bigger task. But when you open small apps, it could end bothways like many speedtest are showing.; And didn't you see my video where iPhone 6 just beat S6 in app/game loading speedtest.; u all knows that samsung touchwiz is very heaviers ui and its loads more on cpu; Yes we know, how that helps users?; but iphone 6 ios is lighter; Yes it's perfectly optimized from the first iOS, iOS9 just added lot new features and still the performance is same than before.; "and s6 exynos destroys iphone 6 cpu"; Only in multicore tests, iPhone 6 single core performance is actually bigger than S6, that's why iPhone 6 is as fast or faster as S6, because your phone very rarely use more than 2 cores, so you paid for cores which you don't even use.; "s6 power completely destroy iphone6.."; No it doesn't and this is again talk by guy who sadly is brainwashed to think his phone use all the cores all the time and think he's Galaxy is superior when even 9 months old iPhone 6 is as fast as S6. Going to be funny to see upcoming iPhone performance when iPhone 6 is already that good.
sam, 12 Jun 2015I'm confused with s6 or iphn 6 ... Plzz guyzzz tell which mobile is better for me....Neither if you can pick a mobile phone go with new 
 
 1.LG G4 (user friendly, much better performance than S6, good support)
 2.iPhone 6 (best OS in the world, HR photos, it's an iphone. You pay to be serviced); Neither if you can pick a mobile phone go with new; 1.LG G4 (user friendly, much better performance than S6, good support); 2.iPhone 6 (best OS in the world, HR photos, it's an iphone. You pay to be serviced)
sam, 12 Jun 2015I'm confused with s6 or iphn 6 ... Plzz guyzzz tell which mobile is better for me....Pick iPhone 6. Because its running the world most advance OS. And you will guarantee updates and support for years, tons of accessories and help.
 
 Good luck if you buy Samsung.. you end up with no support and no help, and you end up in xda forums and scream your request after a year hahahaa.; Pick iPhone 6. Because its running the world most advance OS. And you will guarantee updates and support for years, tons of accessories and help.; Good luck if you buy Samsung.. you end up with no support and no help, and you end up in xda forums and scream your request after a year hahahaa.
rahul71992, 12 Jun 2015s6 is more powerfull thaniphone 6 ...about multitasking s6 wins but it closes apps in bacgroun... moreHahaaa.. stop giving excuses.
 
 In the World Olympics, do Athletes give excuses why they are not first place?? My legs are shorter, therefore i cannot win? NO. Its the results that counts.
 
 Do you complain like students..? Oh oh .. i have 50 subjects to study, so my result suck.. 
 
 If you lag means you lag. Don't give excuses of open windows open apps. You know that Android already means the phone is bad.; Hahaaa.. stop giving excuses.; In the World Olympics, do Athletes give excuses why they are not first place?? My legs are shorter, therefore i cannot win? NO. Its the results that counts.; Do you complain like students..? Oh oh .. i have 50 subjects to study, so my result suck..; If you lag means you lag. Don't give excuses of open windows open apps. You know that Android already means the phone is bad.
I'm confused with s6 or iphn 6 ... Plzz guyzzz tell which mobile is better for me....; I'm confused with s6 or iphn 6 ... Plzz guyzzz tell which mobile is better for me....
Anonymous, 12 Jun 2015Android fanboys show specs. iOS fanboys show proof. Who do you believe? And this year, a... moreI hope Anon is joking....; I hope Anon is joking....
s6 is more powerfull thaniphone 6 ...about multitasking s6 wins but it closes apps in bacground...but iphone didn't ...but my main point is s6 open apps and games faster than iphone 6 u all knows that samsung touchwiz is very heaviers ui and its loads more on cpu but iphone 6 ios is lighter ....but also s6 apps open faster .....and s6 exynos destroys iphone 6 cpu a report also comes s6 is faster than a type of super computer ..........if samsung will make lighter her touchwiz ui like stock android...think what speed they will give for multitasking....s6 power completely destroy iphone6..; s6 is more powerfull thaniphone 6 ...about multitasking s6 wins but it closes apps in bacground...but iphone didn't ...but my main point is s6 open apps and games faster than iphone 6 u all knows that samsung touchwiz is very heaviers ui and its loads more on cpu but iphone 6 ios is lighter ....but also s6 apps open faster .....and s6 exynos destroys iphone 6 cpu a report also comes s6 is faster than a type of super computer ..........if samsung will make lighter her touchwiz ui like stock android...think what speed they will give for multitasking....s6 power completely destroy iphone6..
Android fanboys show specs.
 
 iOS fanboys show proof.
 
 Who do you believe? And this year, android "specs" advancement is junk. This year belongs to Apple again.; Android fanboys show specs.; iOS fanboys show proof.; Who do you believe? And this year, android "specs" advancement is junk. This year belongs to Apple again.
Pear, 11 Jun 2015Source?http://youtu.be/Izv5BpQxxwM
Duel, 11 Jun 2015You android guys think that would make big difference but it doesn't, iPhone 6+ and iPhone 6 a... moreSource?; Source?
GSMA please compare the S6 and iPhone 6.; GSMA please compare the S6 and iPhone 6.
blob, 11 Jun 2015the real clear winner is s6. why? comparing a low resolution iphone6 against a 2k resolution s... moreYou android guys think that would make big difference but it doesn't, iPhone 6+ and iPhone 6 are same speed even the 6+ have bigger res screen. Even antutu scores are actually bigger with 6+. The resolution in that kind of test doesn't make much difference.
 
 And if you didnt noticed, iPhone completely destroyed S6 in multitasking part, which is very surprising with 3gb ram vs 1gb. Shows again that numbers doesn't mean anything. IPhone clearly have great memory management; You android guys think that would make big difference but it doesn't, iPhone 6+ and iPhone 6 are same speed even the 6+ have bigger res screen. Even antutu scores are actually bigger with 6+. The resolution in that kind of test doesn't make much difference.; And if you didnt noticed, iPhone completely destroyed S6 in multitasking part, which is very surprising with 3gb ram vs 1gb. Shows again that numbers doesn't mean anything. IPhone clearly have great memory management
Duel, 10 Jun 2015iPhone 6 vs htc m9+ vs galaxy s6 speedtest http://youtu.be/Izv5BpQxxwM And the winner is...the real clear winner is s6. why? comparing a low resolution iphone6 against a 2k resolution s6 considering the two has the closest score. imagine if s6 power is processing an iphone6's resolution? 
 577dpi vs 326dpi?; the real clear winner is s6. why? comparing a low resolution iphone6 against a 2k resolution s6 considering the two has the closest score. imagine if s6 power is processing an iphone6's resolution?; 577dpi vs 326dpi?
Anonymous, 11 Jun 2015But fact is most android users change their phone faster then iOS users. future proof.. ROF... moreEmbrace the future?
 Power saving mode? Split screen multi-tasking? a 'back to previous app' button? 
 Please, don't make me laugh!
 These so called "innovative" new features have been a basic staple on Android for years!
 They have updated Siri to be more like Google Now and Cortana as it has been lagging behind for years.
 The new 'smart' keyboard they have introduced, again, is something that Android users have been enjoying for years.
 As usual iOS users are 2 years behind the curve and dont even realise it.; Embrace the future?; Power saving mode? Split screen multi-tasking? a 'back to previous app' button?; Please, don't make me laugh!; These so called "innovative" new features have been a basic staple on Android for years!; They have updated Siri to be more like Google Now and Cortana as it has been lagging behind for years.; The new 'smart' keyboard they have introduced, again, is something that Android users have been enjoying for years.; As usual iOS users are 2 years behind the curve and dont even realise it.
yafA, 10 Jun 2015is the 1.2 mp front camera is enough... i dont think....in case of perfomance iphone is future... moreBut fact is most android users change their phone faster then iOS users.
 
 future proof.. ROFL.. even if specs are future proof, the OS is not. Most android users are still waiting for the moldy future of the lollipop..
 
 All existing iOS 8 users will get iOS 9 this fall, and embrace the future.. what about android users?.. I bet they will be eating sour grapes and complain more here.; But fact is most android users change their phone faster then iOS users.; future proof.. ROFL.. even if specs are future proof, the OS is not. Most android users are still waiting for the moldy future of the lollipop..; All existing iOS 8 users will get iOS 9 this fall, and embrace the future.. what about android users?.. I bet they will be eating sour grapes and complain more here.
iPhone 6 vs htc m9+ vs galaxy s6 speedtest
 
 http://youtu.be/Izv5BpQxxwM 
 
 And the winner is...; iPhone 6 vs htc m9+ vs galaxy s6 speedtest; And the winner is...
my phone is tomuch heating; my phone is tomuch heating
is the 1.2 mp front camera is enough... i dont think....in case of perfomance iphone is future proof...in case of specs android is futureproof; is the 1.2 mp front camera is enough... i dont think....in case of perfomance iphone is future proof...in case of specs android is futureproof
Anonymous, 10 Jun 2015which is better iphone 5s or iphone 6?IPhone 6; IPhone 6
Sam, 09 Jun 2015Thank unic phon; nic phon
which is better iphone 5s or iphone 6?; which is better iphone 5s or iphone 6?
Kunjumon, 08 Jun 2015Download any cache cleaner apps From AppStore.Thank u; Thank u
Anonymous, 08 Jun 2015Hehe... . Apple has 7 phones for 10 years Samsung has 700 don't be ridiculous (and flagships ... moreIt's all about quality noy quantity...; It's all about quality noy quantity...
Sam, 08 Jun 2015Can someone help how to clear app cache in Iphone 6 ? because its consuming lot of memory ?Download any cache cleaner apps From AppStore.; Download any cache cleaner apps From AppStore.
Anonymous, 08 Jun 2015does any one knows how i recognize fake iphone?If it has a Pear on the back instead of an Apple then it's probably fake.; If it has a Pear on the back instead of an Apple then it's probably fake.
does any one knows how i recognize fake iphone?; does any one knows how i recognize fake iphone?
[deleted post]Funny, always when i see android switchers comment why they switched to iPhone they says it runs so well and everything is perfectly smooth and fast, that's always their main comment, you can find lot of examples from this section already
 
 Earlier page "I purcshased recently a brand new Iphone 6, its the first time i buy an Apple product and i can say that im very pleased with Iphone 6. I used to be an android fan but i wanted to switch to something new although i could hardly aford it, but i was in search of a more stable os, with no lags or hangs-freezes."; Funny, always when i see android switchers comment why they switched to iPhone they says it runs so well and everything is perfectly smooth and fast, that's always their main comment, you can find lot of examples from this section already; Earlier page "I purcshased recently a brand new Iphone 6, its the first time i buy an Apple product and i can say that im very pleased with Iphone 6. I used to be an android fan but i wanted to switch to something new although i could hardly aford it, but i was in search of a more stable os, with no lags or hangs-freezes."
Duel, 07 Jun 2015Isn't that samsung problem :D you clearly doesn't get it people doesn't care why something lag... moreSo you didn't had to excuse ip6 that is 6 mounts older than s6 and thats why s6 slap around ip6 and has twice the productivity of ip6. S; So you didn't had to excuse ip6 that is 6 mounts older than s6 and thats why s6 slap around ip6 and has twice the productivity of ip6. S
manjU, 07 Jun 2015samsung will be outdated very soon but iphone is iphone always.They will be recoganised....app... moreHehe... . Apple has 7 phones for 10 years Samsung has 700 don't be ridiculous (and flagships are up to date). S; Hehe... . Apple has 7 phones for 10 years Samsung has 700 don't be ridiculous (and flagships are up to date). S
Sam, 08 Jun 2015Can someone help how to clear app cache in Iphone 6 ? because its consuming lot of memory ?Please remember, your smartphone is not powered by Android. :); Please remember, your smartphone is not powered by Android. :)
a smartphone shoul be smart enogh and capable of doing everything...it cannot be said as smartphone..its icrap...look at android or samsung..they are capable of doing everything....apple is upgrading the features so slowly to people attract in every new iphone...and every new iphone is fast because they are making the software a little bit heavier so the previous model become slow...when a new samsung is released they exells in more departments but apple is making a solid reason to update to new iphone(ip6-big screen,ip5s-fingerprint,ip5-larger screen,4s-siri,camresolution)...in software update apple is releasing a bug that will be destroyed after updating,forcing people to update..; a smartphone shoul be smart enogh and capable of doing everything...it cannot be said as smartphone..its icrap...look at android or samsung..they are capable of doing everything....apple is upgrading the features so slowly to people attract in every new iphone...and every new iphone is fast because they are making the software a little bit heavier so the previous model become slow...when a new samsung is released they exells in more departments but apple is making a solid reason to update to new iphone(ip6-big screen,ip5s-fingerprint,ip5-larger screen,4s-siri,camresolution)...in software update apple is releasing a bug that will be destroyed after updating,forcing people to update..
i have a problem with whatsapp; i have a problem with whatsapp
Can someone help how to clear app cache in Iphone 6 ? because its consuming lot of memory ?; Can someone help how to clear app cache in Iphone 6 ? because its consuming lot of memory ?
iphone 6 is best,but only disadvantage is you are prisoner of itunes....on other side,the android,have more free apps and freedom...in my opinion android is good.iphone is for the people who is ready to buy an iphone and affordable to pay for the apps,Go for android flagships.....why pay more and suffer ^_*; iphone 6 is best,but only disadvantage is you are prisoner of itunes....on other side,the android,have more free apps and freedom...in my opinion android is good.iphone is for the people who is ready to buy an iphone and affordable to pay for the apps,Go for android flagships.....why pay more and suffer ^_*
which battery is good and fast performance s6 or I6; which battery is good and fast performance s6 or I6
M, 07 Jun 2015If i get an Iphone to run games I better get 2 PS4 in Colombia for the same price than an Ipho... moreBetter buy both! ;) hard to carry PS4 :( for me the cost of freedom is more negative than positive. If i pay high price for device i want it to run perfectly and want it to run everything perfectly which i download or buy. You wouldnt buy PS4 and then buy laggy games, right? You expect it to run everything perfectly because you paid a lot of that device. I understand if you buy mid-end android and it can't run everything, but when you buy high-end android it should be able to run everything perfectly like iPhone does.; Better buy both! ;) hard to carry PS4 :( for me the cost of freedom is more negative than positive. If i pay high price for device i want it to run perfectly and want it to run everything perfectly which i download or buy. You wouldnt buy PS4 and then buy laggy games, right? You expect it to run everything perfectly because you paid a lot of that device. I understand if you buy mid-end android and it can't run everything, but when you buy high-end android it should be able to run everything perfectly like iPhone does.
If i get an Iphone to run games I better get 2 PS4 in Colombia for the same price than an Iphone.
 It could be a good ph but it doesn't deserve waste a lots of money to have not freedom at all.
 Still Android makes you feel that you own a Phone and it's not iTunes' device.; If i get an Iphone to run games I better get 2 PS4 in Colombia for the same price than an Iphone.; It could be a good ph but it doesn't deserve waste a lots of money to have not freedom at all.; Still Android makes you feel that you own a Phone and it's not iTunes' device.
Anonymous, 07 Jun 2015And stop comparing old phones wich don't have 64 bits processors with iphone 6 it's pathetic.. SIsn't that samsung problem :D you clearly doesn't get it people doesn't care why something lags or is slow, it doesnt help them anyway. They want smooth device which runs everything without excuses and that's why iPhone sells so extremely well.; Isn't that samsung problem :D you clearly doesn't get it people doesn't care why something lags or is slow, it doesnt help them anyway. They want smooth device which runs everything without excuses and that's why iPhone sells so extremely well.
samsung will be outdated very soon but iphone is iphone always.They will be recoganised....apple gives updates for long period but sumsung allmost forgets their older devises when new devices are announced....even the iphone 4 or 4s will be recoganised than latest samsung phones.If samsung release note 5,everyone run after note 5 and almost forget S6....when their devices get older they appear in iphone section and starts complaining...; samsung will be outdated very soon but iphone is iphone always.They will be recoganised....apple gives updates for long period but sumsung allmost forgets their older devises when new devices are announced....even the iphone 4 or 4s will be recoganised than latest samsung phones.If samsung release note 5,everyone run after note 5 and almost forget S6....when their devices get older they appear in iphone section and starts complaining...
Duel, 07 Jun 2015"I would like to see how iphone 6 performs on higest resolution" Better than gala... moreAnd stop comparing old phones wich don't have 64 bits processors with iphone 6 it's pathetic.. S; And stop comparing old phones wich don't have 64 bits processors with iphone 6 it's pathetic.. S
Duel, 07 Jun 2015By the way iPhone 6+ has 1080p screen and it doesnt have any problem to run games, so iPhone h... moreI have never said that Apple can't or are not capable of achieving good performance or hi resolutions, they will some day give you what other companies give by default but be sure they will charge you one kidney for it and you still will be prisoners of iTunes and will have to pay handsomely for all. Lets see the price of ip6s with disent camera(12mp)and more ram(2gb). ... S; I have never said that Apple can't or are not capable of achieving good performance or hi resolutions, they will some day give you what other companies give by default but be sure they will charge you one kidney for it and you still will be prisoners of iTunes and will have to pay handsomely for all. Lets see the price of ip6s with disent camera(12mp)and more ram(2gb). ... S
Anonymous, 07 Jun 2015The game play starts on 1080p setings wile display on alfa is 720p and its playable if the set... moreBy the way iPhone 6+ has 1080p screen and it doesnt have any problem to run games, so iPhone hardware is very powerful.
 
 Also next iPhone 6s+ rumoured to have 2k screen, if thats going to happen i bet it still going to run everything perfectly.; By the way iPhone 6+ has 1080p screen and it doesnt have any problem to run games, so iPhone hardware is very powerful.; Also next iPhone 6s+ rumoured to have 2k screen, if thats going to happen i bet it still going to run everything perfectly.
Anonymous, 07 Jun 2015The game play starts on 1080p setings wile display on alfa is 720p and its playable if the set... more"I would like to see how iphone 6 performs on higest resolution"
 
 Better than galaxy alpha for sure. But whats the point because game already runs perfectly smooth :)
 
 We can continue this for long time if you want, galaxy alpha asphalt 8 http://youtu.be/rtWUJGfjVKM slow fps. You can't change graphics setting in asphalt 8 so it runs or not and with galaxy alpha it doesn't.
 
 Or what about real racing 3 http://youtu.be/XzBKoNGVJmc same bad performance.; "I would like to see how iphone 6 performs on higest resolution"; Better than galaxy alpha for sure. But whats the point because game already runs perfectly smooth :); We can continue this for long time if you want, galaxy alpha asphalt 8; slow fps. You can't change graphics setting in asphalt 8 so it runs or not and with galaxy alpha it doesn't.; Or what about real racing 3; same bad performance.
As always , Apple doesnt giv a penny for users health.
 SaR value is among the highest.; As always , Apple doesnt giv a penny for users health.; SaR value is among the highest.
The game play starts on 1080p setings wile display on alfa is 720p and its playable if the setings were on 720p gameplay on alfa is flawless, than he put it on highest res(it's on the name of the video) your iphone(oops you dont even have IP6)is by default is set on the res that iphone display is... I would like to see how iphone 6 performs on higest resolution but it can't becose you cant switch to hi res not the game nor any viseos.. Yeah what "state of the art gadget" ... S; The game play starts on 1080p setings wile display on alfa is 720p and its playable if the setings were on 720p gameplay on alfa is flawless, than he put it on highest res(it's on the name of the video) your iphone(oops you dont even have IP6)is by default is set on the res that iphone display is... I would like to see how iphone 6 performs on higest resolution but it can't becose you cant switch to hi res not the game nor any viseos.. Yeah what "state of the art gadget" ... S
Duel, 07 Jun 2015What are you talking about? :D Alpha Resolution 720 x 1280 pixels (~312 ppi pixel densit... moreThe game play starts on 1080p setings wile display on alfa is 720p and its playable if the setings were on 720p gameplay on alfa is flawless, than he put it on highest res(it's on the name of the video) your iphone(oops you dont even have IP6)is by default is set on the res that iphone display is... S; The game play starts on 1080p setings wile display on alfa is 720p and its playable if the setings were on 720p gameplay on alfa is flawless, than he put it on highest res(it's on the name of the video) your iphone(oops you dont even have IP6)is by default is set on the res that iphone display is... S
S, 07 Jun 2015You made a fool of your self again. .. it started on 1080p and it did it disent(which your iph... moreWhat are you talking about? :D 
 
 Alpha 
 Resolution 720 x 1280 pixels (~312 ppi pixel density)
 
 IPhone 6 Resolution 750 x 1334 pixels (~326 ppi pixel density)
 
 IPhone 6 actually has higher resolution and it works perfectly smooth just like eveything else too.
 
 With alpha that game is unplayable the whole time on the video.
 
 But like you said For you android phones thats ok because you guys havent experienced smooth gameplay so laggy games are everyday stuff for you guys while we iOS users playing perfectly smooth games.
 
 By the way iPhone 6 settings are MAX by default; What are you talking about? :D; Alpha; Resolution	720 x 1280 pixels (~312 ppi pixel density); IPhone 6 Resolution	750 x 1334 pixels (~326 ppi pixel density); IPhone 6 actually has higher resolution and it works perfectly smooth just like eveything else too.; With alpha that game is unplayable the whole time on the video.; But like you said For you android phones thats ok because you guys havent experienced smooth gameplay so laggy games are everyday stuff for you guys while we iOS users playing perfectly smooth games.; By the way iPhone 6 settings are MAX by default
Duel, 05 Jun 2015Galaxy alpha have that tiny low screen too http://youtu.be/t0hOWIt4U1k So why the same game... moreYou made a fool of your self again. .. it started on 1080p and it did it disent(which your iphone cant even try becose you iphone can't change resolution) and switch to 4k which as previous mentioned it's impossible to do on iphone, so continue make me laugh it's quite amusing (and you dont even have the phone you viciously defend)!; You made a fool of your self again. .. it started on 1080p and it did it disent(which your iphone cant even try becose you iphone can't change resolution) and switch to 4k which as previous mentioned it's impossible to do on iphone, so continue make me laugh it's quite amusing (and you dont even have the phone you viciously defend)!
Duel, 06 Jun 2015"Sapphire glass coming to the iPhone 6S Plus Well, to some of the models, with Kuo statin... moreI doubt they will come out with sapphire glass anytime soon, although it's scratch proof, it's not shatter proof.; I doubt they will come out with sapphire glass anytime soon, although it's scratch proof, it's not shatter proof.
soulstone, 06 Jun 2015Source? "Sapphire glass coming to the iPhone 6S Plus Well, to some of the models, with Kuo stating that there will be a limited number with sapphire. We think that it's unlikely that Apple will split its run in this way and either all models will have it or none"
 
 It's a rumour, just like it was last year and it didn't happen.; "Sapphire glass coming to the iPhone 6S Plus Well, to some of the models, with Kuo stating that there will be a limited number with sapphire. We think that it's unlikely that Apple will split its run in this way and either all models will have it or none"; It's a rumour, just like it was last year and it didn't happen.
Anonymous, 06 Jun 2015Save up for iphone 6s plus because it has sapphire glass. The strongest glass material next to... moreSource?; Source?
Giorgos, 06 Jun 2015I purcshased recently a brand new Iphone 6, its the first time i buy an Apple product and i ca... moreThis is the age old marketing dilemma and Apple loves profiting of uninformed masses. You are comparing your iphone with cheaper android devices you had in the past. But Android operates on the cheapest and most expensive phones out there. Obviously the iphone 6 is better than Samsung's or Sony's low and mid range products. There are cointless phones that cost over $500. That is the high end market. In that particular market, the iphone 6 tends to pop up at the bottom in terms of quality. Check the camera, processor speed or battery life on a Note 4, S6, S6 Edge or LG G4 and then make an informed decision. If you compare the iphone 6 with an Ace or a Huawei Y300 then i think you might find the $600 phone outperforms the $50 phone. Just saying x; This is the age old marketing dilemma and Apple loves profiting of uninformed masses. You are comparing your iphone with cheaper android devices you had in the past. But Android operates on the cheapest and most expensive phones out there. Obviously the iphone 6 is better than Samsung's or Sony's low and mid range products. There are cointless phones that cost over $500. That is the high end market. In that particular market, the iphone 6 tends to pop up at the bottom in terms of quality. Check the camera, processor speed or battery life on a Note 4, S6, S6 Edge or LG G4 and then make an informed decision. If you compare the iphone 6 with an Ace or a Huawei Y300 then i think you might find the $600 phone outperforms the $50 phone. Just saying x
Duel, 05 Jun 2015Well iPhone 6 of course is lot more future proof, also battery life is lot better with iPhone ... moreYou speak from experience right. .... :-l. S; You speak from experience right. .... :-l. S
Duel, 05 Jun 2015" Of course it will run smoothly on that small low resolution tinie screen" This... moreAnd that's called development and innovation (it is so easy to make android flagships works even smoother than iphone just lower the resolution and when you need more for 2k or 4k video just increase it) Apple were pioneer in smartphones now it just exploits its old glory and rob costumers. I am no fan boy and no slave either.!S; And that's called development and innovation (it is so easy to make android flagships works even smoother than iphone just lower the resolution and when you need more for 2k or 4k video just increase it) Apple were pioneer in smartphones now it just exploits its old glory and rob costumers. I am no fan boy and no slave either.!S
I purcshased recently a brand new Iphone 6, its the first time i buy an Apple product and i can say that im very pleased with Iphone 6. I used to be an android fan but i wanted to switch to something new although i could hardly aford it, but i was in search of a more stable os, with no lags or hangs-freezes. Iphone is is the perfect phone for me. The camera is stunning even in low light conditions there is no need to use flash, and the front camera is very smooth and photos look perfect. I recommend everyone to buy it, i know it is an expensive phone but you will never regret it even 2 years later.; I purcshased recently a brand new Iphone 6, its the first time i buy an Apple product and i can say that im very pleased with Iphone 6. I used to be an android fan but i wanted to switch to something new although i could hardly aford it, but i was in search of a more stable os, with no lags or hangs-freezes. Iphone is is the perfect phone for me. The camera is stunning even in low light conditions there is no need to use flash, and the front camera is very smooth and photos look perfect. I recommend everyone to buy it, i know it is an expensive phone but you will never regret it even 2 years later.
D-Jam, 06 Jun 2015Am a LG G3 user, but beforehand, I almost wanted to get the iPhone 6, yes, I'm impressed with ... more Last time when i used iTunes was when i installed iOS8 when it came.; Last time when i used iTunes was when i installed iOS8 when it came.
Am a LG G3 user, but beforehand, I almost wanted to get the iPhone 6, yes, I'm impressed with the design and camera. But, still, I wanted more freedom, especially whenever I'm trying to move pictures, music, and movies from/to smartphone and PC and vice versa. Then, I decided to get my current G3. 
 In Android, more freedom. 
 I don't want to be locked out with iTunes.
 But I agree, iOS is very pleasant OS; Am a LG G3 user, but beforehand, I almost wanted to get the iPhone 6, yes, I'm impressed with the design and camera. But, still, I wanted more freedom, especially whenever I'm trying to move pictures, music, and movies from/to smartphone and PC and vice versa. Then, I decided to get my current G3.; In Android, more freedom.; I don't want to be locked out with iTunes.; But I agree, iOS is very pleasant OS
Anonymous, 01 Jun 2015Because Bynn.. "Quad core" and 3 Gig ram MAY not make it faster. What makes it... moreWell said,though I have been using Android(midrange) myself. And I am very satisfied with my android.; Well said,though I have been using Android(midrange) myself. And I am very satisfied with my android.
Jessi-IND, 05 Jun 2015Hey Guys! I have recently purchased iphone 6. It's space grey but the grey color of the back ... moreYes.you baught the fake iphone.; Yes.you baught the fake iphone.
Save up for iphone 6s plus because it has sapphire glass. The strongest glass material next to diamond. Cornings is going down for sure if they release this. Love iphone so much. Apple finally stepping up in the game of hardware quality.; Save up for iphone 6s plus because it has sapphire glass. The strongest glass material next to diamond. Cornings is going down for sure if they release this. Love iphone so much. Apple finally stepping up in the game of hardware quality.
It is an awesome phone but just one problem with the battery that it drains fast; It is an awesome phone but just one problem with the battery that it drains fast
"Apple's iPhone gobbles up marketshare in U.S. as competitors stumble.
 
 A fresh report published by comScore on Friday says Apple's share of the U.S. smartphone market grew nearly two percent during a three-month period ending in April, pushing iPhone's share of subscribers above 43 percent. "
 
 Nice! Again lot of android switchers; "Apple's iPhone gobbles up marketshare in U.S. as competitors stumble.; A fresh report published by comScore on Friday says Apple's share of the U.S. smartphone market grew nearly two percent during a three-month period ending in April, pushing iPhone's share of subscribers above 43 percent. "; Nice! Again lot of android switchers
clicky, 05 Jun 2015One VERY important thing to remember is don't get the 16 GB version. You'll regret buying beca... moreThanks because i was thinking about 16 but your idea is realy gud iam going to buy 64gb in space grey; Thanks because i was thinking about 16 but your idea is realy gud iam going to buy 64gb in space grey
Adamtekl, 05 Jun 2015Well, the truth is the Space Gray option on the iPhone 6 is really light, I would say it's a t... moreThanks mate.. I have checked few more 16 GB space grey phones, they all are same. Light silver more than light grey. Disappointed with Apple on this.; Thanks mate.. I have checked few more 16 GB space grey phones, they all are same. Light silver more than light grey. Disappointed with Apple on this.
S, 05 Jun 2015Of course it will run smoothly on that small low resolution tinie screen whit 4 core GPU.... Y... moreGalaxy alpha have that tiny low screen too http://youtu.be/t0hOWIt4U1k 
 
 So why the same game then lags? :) Your theory just flushed down to the toilet :D
 
 Even iPhone 5S runs this game perfectly without problem.; Galaxy alpha have that tiny low screen too; So why the same game then lags? :) Your theory just flushed down to the toilet :D; Even iPhone 5S runs this game perfectly without problem.
Jessi-IND, 05 Jun 2015Hey Guys! I have recently purchased iphone 6. It's space grey but the grey color of the back ... moreWell, the truth is the Space Gray option on the iPhone 6 is really light, I would say it's a tone lighter than space gray on the 5s or ipad mini/air and the difference between silver and space gray is really tiny. The photographs on the Apple website are mainly renders, so they cannot be treated as depicting the real phone accurately - I was a bit disappointed, too when I unpacked my iPhone. Maybe first compare your phone with a silver one, because I do not think they mixed black glass with silver unibody on the production line...; Well, the truth is the Space Gray option on the iPhone 6 is really light, I would say it's a tone lighter than space gray on the 5s or ipad mini/air and the difference between silver and space gray is really tiny. The photographs on the Apple website are mainly renders, so they cannot be treated as depicting the real phone accurately - I was a bit disappointed, too when I unpacked my iPhone. Maybe first compare your phone with a silver one, because I do not think they mixed black glass with silver unibody on the production line...
Duel, 05 Jun 2015Well iPhone 6 of course is lot more future proof, also battery life is lot better with iPhone ... moreThanks bro in this week iphone 6 is come to my hands..; Thanks bro in this week iphone 6 is come to my hands..
i really hate iphones i like nokia brick beter; i really hate iphones i like nokia brick beter
Hey Guys!
 I have recently purchased iphone 6. It's space grey but the grey color of the back is not dark grey as seen in pics or with other people's phone. It's more of a silver iPhone's back. Rest all is authentic and has a valid warranty I have checked the serial no on Apple site. What should I do? Should I call apple toll free no or go to the service centre or just sue apple? Is this a quality mistake or what? I m from India.; Hey Guys!; I have recently purchased iphone 6. It's space grey but the grey color of the back is not dark grey as seen in pics or with other people's phone. It's more of a silver iPhone's back. Rest all is authentic and has a valid warranty I have checked the serial no on Apple site. What should I do? Should I call apple toll free no or go to the service centre or just sue apple? Is this a quality mistake or what? I m from India.
Well iPhone 6 of course is lot more future proof, also battery life is lot better with iPhone 6.
 
 But if you want small iPhone 5S it's good choice, but i think you should buy iPhone 6!; Well iPhone 6 of course is lot more future proof, also battery life is lot better with iPhone 6.; But if you want small iPhone 5S it's good choice, but i think you should buy iPhone 6!
rezz, 05 Jun 2015its depends which phone suit you and Iphone 6 suit me because if want to play games then i am ... morei used only symbian and after that android never use iphone so give honest review iphone is gud if gud then which 1 u prefer because i am not find so much difference between 5s and I6 only just screen size and design...; i used only symbian and after that android never use iphone so give honest review iphone is gud if gud then which 1 u prefer because i am not find so much difference between 5s and I6 only just screen size and design...
Duel, 05 Jun 2015" Of course it will run smoothly on that small low resolution tinie screen" This... moreits depends which phone suit you and Iphone 6 suit me because if want to play games then i am go to with gaming console and watch movies i am go with 40+ inch TV and i have both so i want to perfect phone in 2015 like no lag no battery drain no signal drop and no software and hardware issue just simply use for music calls texting and social apps i already mention my previous comments i use high end smart phones of 2014 S5 and LG G3 i am not satisfied with them and once again i was going to repeat that mistak but thanks to duel and other my friends who help me to not buy z3 and but i am confuse between 5s and 6 which is gud plz tel me which is gud for me???; its depends which phone suit you and Iphone 6 suit me because if want to play games then i am go to with gaming console and watch movies i am go with 40+ inch TV and i have both so i want to perfect phone in 2015 like no lag no battery drain no signal drop and no software and hardware issue just simply use for music calls texting and social apps i already mention my previous comments i use high end smart phones of 2014 S5 and LG G3 i am not satisfied with them and once again i was going to repeat that mistak but thanks to duel and other my friends who help me to not buy z3 and but i am confuse between 5s and 6 which is gud plz tel me which is gud for me???
S, 05 Jun 2015Of course it will run smoothly on that small low resolution tinie screen whit 4 core GPU.... Y... more"
 Of course it will run smoothly on that small low resolution tinie screen"
 
 This is the typical android boy excuse, when iPhone 4 came it had highest resolution screen and it performed smoothly when all android lags.
 
 Apple could put 2k screen and it will still run perfectly smooth because they would use the GPU to handle it (obviously) and also developers would make and optimize the game run perfectly even with 2k screen, because its so much easier for few phones and one GPU.
 
 Basicly what you are saying is just the fact that android companies went over the top with resolution and their phones can't handle such a resolution, so whats the point; "; Of course it will run smoothly on that small low resolution tinie screen"; This is the typical android boy excuse, when iPhone 4 came it had highest resolution screen and it performed smoothly when all android lags.; Apple could put 2k screen and it will still run perfectly smooth because they would use the GPU to handle it (obviously) and also developers would make and optimize the game run perfectly even with 2k screen, because its so much easier for few phones and one GPU.; Basicly what you are saying is just the fact that android companies went over the top with resolution and their phones can't handle such a resolution, so whats the point
First time Apple User (iPhone 6). Is the invert color setting really inverts everything? Images, Icons, etc. Should it not be only the background and texts? It's kind of weird. In CM it is not like that...; First time Apple User (iPhone 6). Is the invert color setting really inverts everything? Images, Icons, etc. Should it not be only the background and texts? It's kind of weird. In CM it is not like that...
[deleted post]You are always supporting iphone,iam an ios user for about 2 years using iphone 5. if you consider only the phone, it is perfect for those who use only the phone.But i feel like iam the slave of itunes(or prisoner).why you are not saying anything about this,i think more people are copying their songs or videos from itunes rather than downloading...i wonder why we pay more and suffer more..think; You are always supporting iphone,iam an ios user for about 2 years using iphone 5. if you consider only the phone, it is perfect for those who use only the phone.But i feel like iam the slave of itunes(or prisoner).why you are not saying anything about this,i think more people are copying their songs or videos from itunes rather than downloading...i wonder why we pay more and suffer more..think
raJ, 04 Jun 2015iam a ios user for 2 years,before that iam an android user...a switched to ios that time becau... moreYou are going through what I go through and millions of others. Both O/S have their pluses and minuses. If I was in your shoes and you think S6 is the one just try wait a bit longer price will drop more and more whereas Apples do not . Also best battery life I have experienced in past year s Z3 Compact. Best advice because these phones are expensive is wait as long as you can to make sure,AND WATCH as many videos on youtube as you can to build up a good picture and wide range of opinions,read reviews from allover. My top faves are Erica Griffin,Mobile Tech Review with Lisa Gade,Marqus Brownlee and UK'S Steve Litchfield "Phones Show" not bad.; You are going through what I go through and millions of others. Both O/S have their pluses and minuses. If I was in your shoes and you think S6 is the one just try wait a bit longer price will drop more and more whereas Apples do not . Also best battery life I have experienced in past year s Z3 Compact. Best advice because these phones are expensive is wait as long as you can to make sure,AND WATCH as many videos on youtube as you can to build up a good picture and wide range of opinions,read reviews from allover. My top faves are Erica Griffin,Mobile Tech Review with Lisa Gade,Marqus Brownlee and UK'S Steve Litchfield "Phones Show" not bad.
S, 05 Jun 2015Of course it will run smoothly on that small low resolution tinie screen whit 4 core GPU.... Y... moreEnd of the day, Android lag period.
 
 Buying a flagship like Z3, thinking you get your money worth.. end up lagging. So where did that "ultra fast octa core doing?", "Whats that 3GB 4GB ram doing?".."What good is that display if every graphics displayed is jerking?" all that high tech hardware taking a break?; End of the day, Android lag period.; Buying a flagship like Z3, thinking you get your money worth.. end up lagging. So where did that "ultra fast octa core doing?", "Whats that 3GB 4GB ram doing?".."What good is that display if every graphics displayed is jerking?" all that high tech hardware taking a break?
Duel, 04 Jun 2015Another video nexus 5 vs z3 http://youtu.be/GaLnO7ppQI8 Again horrible performance with z3 ... moreOf course it will run smoothly on that small low resolution tinie screen whit 4 core GPU.... You have to stop embarrassing your self with those links.. And finally go buy iphone 6 and stop drooling in IP6 section and act like it's the best of the best and you don't even have it... S; Of course it will run smoothly on that small low resolution tinie screen whit 4 core GPU.... You have to stop embarrassing your self with those links.. And finally go buy iphone 6 and stop drooling in IP6 section and act like it's the best of the best and you don't even have it... S
[deleted post]Don't be hard on him, he is giving Apple a free advertising almost every day because of he's obsession about Apple makes him coming back again and again. Everytime he and other android users visit this section daily interest growing. It has grown a lot in two months etc. It was like only 25% and now its 65% more and more people click this site and gives free advertising for Apple and more people then buying iPhones.; Don't be hard on him, he is giving Apple a free advertising almost every day because of he's obsession about Apple makes him coming back again and again. Everytime he and other android users visit this section daily interest growing. It has grown a lot in two months etc. It was like only 25% and now its 65% more and more people click this site and gives free advertising for Apple and more people then buying iPhones.
rezz, 04 Jun 2015Thanks to open my eyes because in 6 months i have change two andrio cellphones 1 was galaxy s5... moreGlad i could help you! youtube is good place to find all kind of comparison videos which shows the truth behind paper specs.
 
 Like new iPhone sales showing more and more android users finally opening their eyes for android paper spec brainwashing and buying real life performce which is superior with iPhones and always been. Its the beauty of one company ecosystem all the apps and games runs perfectly because they are specifically optimized and made for those device unlike in android world which is luck game which runs and which not with your device.; Glad i could help you! youtube is good place to find all kind of comparison videos which shows the truth behind paper specs.; Like new iPhone sales showing more and more android users finally opening their eyes for android paper spec brainwashing and buying real life performce which is superior with iPhones and always been. Its the beauty of one company ecosystem all the apps and games runs perfectly because they are specifically optimized and made for those device unlike in android world which is luck game which runs and which not with your device.
Sabba, 04 Jun 2015How to transfer my music my old 5s into new iPhone 6 Be sure "Home sharing" is on in ITunes. then go to your Iphone...go to Music. Click on "More" Click on "Shared" Be sure your Library is checked!!!!!!!!!! that will transfer all your music from your library to your phone. or try backing up you old phone then restore that backup to new one.; Be sure "Home sharing" is on in ITunes. then go to your Iphone...go to Music. Click on "More" Click on "Shared" Be sure your Library is checked!!!!!!!!!! that will transfer all your music from your library to your phone. or try backing up you old phone then restore that backup to new one.
Duel, 04 Jun 2015Another video nexus 5 vs z3 http://youtu.be/GaLnO7ppQI8 Again horrible performance with z3 ... moreThanks to open my eyes because in 6 months i have change two andrio cellphones 1 was galaxy s5 and after two months lg g3 and both was lag and signal droping issues and now i watch that videos which u share me through youtube link so i am not buy atleast z3 once i am change my mind and go to iphone...sorry for my english; Thanks to open my eyes because in 6 months i have change two andrio cellphones 1 was galaxy s5 and after two months lg g3 and both was lag and signal droping issues and now i watch that videos which u share me through youtube link so i am not buy atleast z3 once i am change my mind and go to iphone...sorry for my english
How to transfer my music my old 5s into new iPhone 6; How to transfer my music my old 5s into new iPhone 6
YK, 04 Jun 2015For the one who thinks android specs are higher than iphone6: Dude you don't even know the ar... moreUse a spell check next time. You can't sound clever when you don't know how to spell.; Use a spell check next time. You can't sound clever when you don't know how to spell.
Man! Don't be stupid! 
 
 Z3 is horrible laggy phone with mediocre camera, iPhone 6 is better in everyway, why you even thinking to buy Z3?!?!! Doesn't make any sense.; Man! Don't be stupid!; Z3 is horrible laggy phone with mediocre camera, iPhone 6 is better in everyway, why you even thinking to buy Z3?!?!! Doesn't make any sense.
.; .
iam a ios user for 2 years,before that iam an android user...a switched to ios that time because of S duos phone was buggy, iam writing this comment to help me to choose a new device s6 or iphone 6, i know everyone say it depends on personal preference...my tastes are here....
 ios-all the apps are working fine,quality apps,exclusives,all apps have different copies of files(so no chance of file missing eg photo or video),everyone easily recoganise the phone"oh thats iphone" but less free apps,free version has many limits(forcing people to upgrade),unfortunately i dont have credit card facility(cant download paid apps),limitations everywhere,i hate that i should use itunes to transfer apps,added photo from itunes dont have delete option,all songs and videos are not compatible(required to convert),if i delete the song added from my pc the next time it re adds all that i have deleted
 android-more free apps,sharing,open ecosystem,high resolution camera,larger battery but there are many apps that did'nt work well,battery problems after a year( moderate ),chance of missing files( because all apps have linked to same file)//////////
 main thing for me is battery life and the thing i never consider is costomizibility,i use stock theme to my android tablet
 i want your help to balance these things above to help me choose...; iam a ios user for 2 years,before that iam an android user...a switched to ios that time because of S duos phone was buggy, iam writing this comment to help me to choose a new device s6 or iphone 6, i know everyone say it depends on personal preference...my tastes are here....; ios-all the apps are working fine,quality apps,exclusives,all apps have different copies of files(so no chance of file missing eg photo or video),everyone easily recoganise the phone"oh thats iphone" but less free apps,free version has many limits(forcing people to upgrade),unfortunately i dont have credit card facility(cant download paid apps),limitations everywhere,i hate that i should use itunes to transfer apps,added photo from itunes dont have delete option,all songs and videos are not compatible(required to convert),if i delete the song added from my pc the next time it re adds all that i have deleted; android-more free apps,sharing,open ecosystem,high resolution camera,larger battery but there are many apps that did'nt work well,battery problems after a year( moderate ),chance of missing files( because all apps have linked to same file)//////////; main thing for me is battery life and the thing i never consider is costomizibility,i use stock theme to my android tablet; i want your help to balance these things above to help me choose...
For the one who thinks android specs are higher than iphone6:
 Dude you don't even know the architecture of this mobile... today's android having 2 gb,3gb or more ram but how much free ram you get without "clear memory"? 500min. And after you clear it after some minutes it will again starts consuming ram!.. android eats ram like hell... and iphone is a lighy and efficient ram tasking OS in 1 gb you can play any gamw without lags!... and in camera you think any android can beat iphone? "Lol" dude iphone gives you a natural colour photo Samsung gives a lil bit dark photo by increasing saturation and decreasing shadows... and the greatest feature of iphone which no any other phone can do is that when you take pics in night... the source of light example headlights of car a bulb a CFL etc.. doesn't show a foggy aur tailing light effect in phone even samsung s6, note 4 sony z3 htc one m9 shows these creepy things!!.. iphone is worth of price; For the one who thinks android specs are higher than iphone6:; Dude you don't even know the architecture of this mobile... today's android having 2 gb,3gb or more ram but how much free ram you get without "clear memory"? 500min. And after you clear it after some minutes it will again starts consuming ram!.. android eats ram like hell... and iphone is a lighy and efficient ram tasking OS in 1 gb you can play any gamw without lags!... and in camera you think any android can beat iphone? "Lol" dude iphone gives you a natural colour photo Samsung gives a lil bit dark photo by increasing saturation and decreasing shadows... and the greatest feature of iphone which no any other phone can do is that when you take pics in night... the source of light example headlights of car a bulb a CFL etc.. doesn't show a foggy aur tailing light effect in phone even samsung s6, note 4 sony z3 htc one m9 shows these creepy things!!.. iphone is worth of price
rezz, 04 Jun 2015Thanks to Riyuk6239,MKHBD,Mr A give me honnest advise for phones now i am going to buy z3..Another video nexus 5 vs z3
 
 http://youtu.be/GaLnO7ppQI8 Again horrible performance with z3 nexus 5 lot better.
 
 This is problem with android, you really never can know how your device perform with different apps and games, even year old games lag. When you buy iPhone you know everything runs perfectly and all the upcoming stuff too.
 
 But it's your money, but if you want android don't buy z3 it cant handle future, and not even present.; Another video nexus 5 vs z3; Again horrible performance with z3 nexus 5 lot better.; This is problem with android, you really never can know how your device perform with different apps and games, even year old games lag. When you buy iPhone you know everything runs perfectly and all the upcoming stuff too.; But it's your money, but if you want android don't buy z3 it cant handle future, and not even present.
rezz, 04 Jun 2015Thanks to Riyuk6239,MKHBD,Mr A give me honnest advise for phones now i am going to buy z3..Don't buy Z3 it's the biggest mistake you can do, it's one of the worst performing android flagships in the market now, 
 
 check this video with huge lag http://youtu.be/2zgBv9_H2Jk and what are those on screen buttons?!?!?!?; Don't buy Z3 it's the biggest mistake you can do, it's one of the worst performing android flagships in the market now,; check this video with huge lag; and what are those on screen buttons?!?!?!?
just perfect simple smooth interface and OS buylt quality outstanding just no reason for arguing whats better samsung or iphone..anyone can see that apple products i mean OS and hardware are much better in terms of the quality than the competitors!!as for the lag samsung lags a lot!in terms of comparition i think apple s iphone should be compared with htc s flagships not samsung s; just perfect simple smooth interface and OS buylt quality outstanding just no reason for arguing whats better samsung or iphone..anyone can see that apple products i mean OS and hardware are much better in terms of the quality than the competitors!!as for the lag samsung lags a lot!in terms of comparition i think apple s iphone should be compared with htc s flagships not samsung s
Apple lovers,just wait 3 months more,u will get iphone 6s and 6s plus with better specs; Apple lovers,just wait 3 months more,u will get iphone 6s and 6s plus with better specs
Kunjumon, 04 Jun 2015Ip6...boring os but not really boring and lagging like your android crap .no memory card .now ... moreAndroid now still at lag??? octacore,4gbram,snapdragon810,adreno 330 and above?!!
 hahaha ur making me laugh,!
 And yes,i think your from 2010 minded person whose insisting that android lags at this date..thats the evidence that ur from galaxy s1 year,along with ur outdated specs ip6,hahahah; Android now still at lag??? octacore,4gbram,snapdragon810,adreno 330 and above?!!; hahaha ur making me laugh,!; And yes,i think your from 2010 minded person whose insisting that android lags at this date..thats the evidence that ur from galaxy s1 year,along with ur outdated specs ip6,hahahah
Kunjumon, 04 Jun 2015Ip6...boring os but not really boring and lagging like your android crap .no memory card .now ... moreYour answer was the equivalent of "NO, you are stupid". Lagdroid? When is the last time you used an Android? The galaxy Ace? Compare flagship phones and iphones are usually bottom of the pile. Any tech magazine will tell you so. Words like lagdroid and isheep should be banned, it just shows the level of people's intelligence...stick to your $100 iphone uped to $700 because the magic of PR and advertising has more power than technological innovation and quality....; Your answer was the equivalent of "NO, you are stupid". Lagdroid? When is the last time you used an Android? The galaxy Ace? Compare flagship phones and iphones are usually bottom of the pile. Any tech magazine will tell you so. Words like lagdroid and isheep should be banned, it just shows the level of people's intelligence...stick to your $100 iphone uped to $700 because the magic of PR and advertising has more power than technological innovation and quality....
MKHBD, 04 Jun 2015Ip6...boring os, no memory card,blutut iphone to iphone only, no usb otg, dual core 1.4ghz onl... moreIp6...boring os but not really boring and lagging like your android crap .no memory card .now your android lag ships following same thing ,blutut iphone to iphone ,only fools are using Bluetooth in this generation we have xender app for multi platform file sharing and also iOS has airdrop app.no usb otg, no malware and virus that is sure .dual core 1.4ghz only but it is performs far better than your 10 core lagdriod , 1gb ram only,iOS is not a Ram eater like Your android. not 1080p resolution, 330 ppi is enough for human eyes.1810 battery only OMG iOS is not a battery eater like your lagdriod ! , nfc for apple PAY ONLY, that is a good thing.no remote play, front is 1.2mp only and still 8mp rear for a flagship,wtf! iPhone 6 has great front and back camera.Still small Lcd, it is perfect size display with accurate colours and great sunlight legibility.itune prisoner, AppStore has good quality audio video downloaders for free audio video files.cheap bendable body , but not really bad like android ...Perfect smartphone with decent price ,that is iPhone 6 .; Ip6...boring os but not really boring and lagging like your android crap .no memory card .now your android lag ships following same thing ,blutut iphone to iphone ,only fools are using Bluetooth in this generation we have xender app for multi platform file sharing and also iOS has airdrop app.no usb otg, no malware and virus that is sure .dual core 1.4ghz only but it is performs far better than your 10 core lagdriod , 1gb ram only,iOS is not a Ram eater like Your android. not 1080p resolution, 330 ppi is enough for human eyes.1810 battery only OMG iOS is not a battery eater like your lagdriod ! , nfc for apple PAY ONLY, that is a good thing.no remote play, front is 1.2mp only and still 8mp rear for a flagship,wtf! iPhone 6 has great front and back camera.Still small Lcd, it is perfect size display with accurate colours and great sunlight legibility.itune prisoner, AppStore has good quality audio video downloaders for free audio video files.cheap bendable body , but not really bad like android ...Perfect smartphone with decent price ,that is iPhone 6 .
aleX, 04 Jun 2015what iphone 6s or 7 will packed with....should i buy this phone now or wait for next model3 mths left till the next refresh.
 
 Hold for the next iphone if you can.; 3 mths left till the next refresh.; Hold for the next iphone if you can.
rezz, 03 Jun 2015plz help me z3 or iphone 6 which is better to buy ?Z3 compact is one of the best phones i have played with, together with the LG G3, Note 4 and S6 obviously. But for the best battery on the market, Z3 and especially Z3c is arguably the best....; Z3 compact is one of the best phones i have played with, together with the LG G3, Note 4 and S6 obviously. But for the best battery on the market, Z3 and especially Z3c is arguably the best....
rezz, 04 Jun 2015Thanks to Riyuk6239,MKHBD,Mr A give me honnest advise for phones now i am going to buy z3..Thats true coz i had this ,and i really sold it for a cheaper price..
 After a many months of using it,it lags for no reason ,i didnt abuse it.. Specs is so much lightyears behind...it feels cheap,and i wasted my money..
 I regret buying this and will not go back forever..
 
 Z3 is the best and thats true..an all rounder phone!
 I have mine now...and i really enjoying it taking some photos under the pool..
 Battery is Really awesome on this! Much bigger display and more ram!..
 I found it 1000000000x more better than icrap..
 Icrap is just a brainwashing logo hype..a media mainstream but behind of all those its just a useless device..
 Im glad u made ur mind,(and i feel i saved another life)..Go for Sony Z3 it got all u need! Premium material..premium feels when in ur hand,premium looks.. 
 Sony make.believe. ,,Like no other; Thats true coz i had this ,and i really sold it for a cheaper price..; After a many months of using it,it lags for no reason ,i didnt abuse it.. Specs is so much lightyears behind...it feels cheap,and i wasted my money..; I regret buying this and will not go back forever..; Z3 is the best and thats true..an all rounder phone!; I have mine now...and i really enjoying it taking some photos under the pool..; Battery is Really awesome on this! Much bigger display and more ram!..; I found it 1000000000x more better than icrap..; Icrap is just a brainwashing logo hype..a media mainstream but behind of all those its just a useless device..; Im glad u made ur mind,(and i feel i saved another life)..Go for Sony Z3 it got all u need! Premium material..premium feels when in ur hand,premium looks..; Sony make.believe. ,,Like no other
Thanks to Riyuk6239,MKHBD,Mr A give me honnest advise for phones now i am going to buy z3..; Thanks to Riyuk6239,MKHBD,Mr A give me honnest advise for phones now i am going to buy z3..
rezz, 03 Jun 2015plz help me z3 or iphone 6 which is better to buy ?Ip6...boring os, no memory card,blutut iphone to iphone only, no usb otg, dual core 1.4ghz only, 1gb ram only, not 1080p resolution, 1810 battery only OMG ! , nfc for apple PAY ONLY, no remote play, front is 1.2mp only and still 8mp rear for a flagship,wtf! Still small Lcd, itune prisoner,cheap bendable body ,king of bezzels... No water and dust proof...
 ! And man the price of it is a joke! For a 2015 flagship !
 Ull juz waste ur money and will regret if u choose dis icrap; Ip6...boring os, no memory card,blutut iphone to iphone only, no usb otg, dual core 1.4ghz only, 1gb ram only, not 1080p resolution, 1810 battery only OMG ! , nfc for apple PAY ONLY, no remote play, front is 1.2mp only and still 8mp rear for a flagship,wtf! Still small Lcd, itune prisoner,cheap bendable body ,king of bezzels... No water and dust proof...; ! And man the price of it is a joke! For a 2015 flagship !; Ull juz waste ur money and will regret if u choose dis icrap
what iphone 6s or 7 will packed with....should i buy this phone now or wait for next model; what iphone 6s or 7 will packed with....should i buy this phone now or wait for next model
rezz, 03 Jun 2015plz help me z3 or iphone 6 which is better to buy ?Initially decide whether you want an android os or iOS. Each of these os have different pros and cons.; Initially decide whether you want an android os or iOS. Each of these os have different pros and cons.
rezz, 03 Jun 2015plz help me z3 or iphone 6 which is better to buy ?Z3 is half the price and twice quality...i am not exagerating, i actually own an iphone 6 right now..people here will tell you otherwise. But z3 has one massive advantage over pretty much any other phone - battery! Your z3 will last twice as much as the iphone 6...speed and camera wise they are about the same...obviously with the z3 you van customize your phone, which is what annoys me the most on my iphone - i can't do anything on it...but yes, my honest opinion is you won't regret the z3...; Z3 is half the price and twice quality...i am not exagerating, i actually own an iphone 6 right now..people here will tell you otherwise. But z3 has one massive advantage over pretty much any other phone - battery! Your z3 will last twice as much as the iphone 6...speed and camera wise they are about the same...obviously with the z3 you van customize your phone, which is what annoys me the most on my iphone - i can't do anything on it...but yes, my honest opinion is you won't regret the z3...
plz help me z3 or iphone 6 which is better to buy ?; plz help me z3 or iphone 6 which is better to buy ?
How to transfer my music my old 5s into new iPhone 6; How to transfer my music my old 5s into new iPhone 6
Camera quality doesnt depent on mega pixel so much.iphone's 8 mp camera is better than other's 13mp.iphone 6s is coming with 12 mp.; Camera quality doesnt depent on mega pixel so much.iphone's 8 mp camera is better than other's 13mp.iphone 6s is coming with 12 mp.
aleX, 03 Jun 2015your dream may come true....but only after 10 years..lol ! i think you dont know that apple i... more"apple may reach 20mp at a time when androids have 40+ mp camera"
 
 You guys make me laugh so badly :D how you can be so brainwashed?
 
 And? Who need 40+ camera? Where you need such a camera? If you are professional photographer who is printing huge posters i get it, normal users doesn't do anything with 40+ camera.
 
 I have expensive DSLR which have 12mp camera and the quality of pic is like from different planet compared to mobile phones.
 
 Editing 40+ photos, is slow, camera working slowly (nokia) takes huge amount of space and with what price what you get? Huge photos which quality is ruined by all the photo sites and instant messaging etc where 95% of mobile photos moves. When you are in point to show the photo to your friend the photo is already ruined.; "apple may reach 20mp at a time when androids have 40+ mp camera"; You guys make me laugh so badly :D how you can be so brainwashed?; And? Who need 40+ camera? Where you need such a camera? If you are professional photographer who is printing huge posters i get it, normal users doesn't do anything with 40+ camera.; I have expensive DSLR which have 12mp camera and the quality of pic is like from different planet compared to mobile phones.; Editing 40+ photos, is slow, camera working slowly (nokia) takes huge amount of space and with what price what you get? Huge photos which quality is ruined by all the photo sites and instant messaging etc where 95% of mobile photos moves. When you are in point to show the photo to your friend the photo is already ruined.
aleX, 03 Jun 2015your dream may come true....but only after 10 years..lol ! i think you dont know that apple i... moreYes. Apple is not dumb.
 
 They will not include 20MP until the storage can manage the speed and capacity required for 4k or even greater image/videos.
 
 They will not include 4K display until the GPU can drive that kind of display.
 
 They will not even need 3.0 USB transfer speed, given the snail speed of NAND flash drive.
 
 They think about providing the best, given the current technology limitations. They do not go for lob sided design just for marketing gimmick needs.; Yes. Apple is not dumb.; They will not include 20MP until the storage can manage the speed and capacity required for 4k or even greater image/videos.; They will not include 4K display until the GPU can drive that kind of display.; They will not even need 3.0 USB transfer speed, given the snail speed of NAND flash drive.; They think about providing the best, given the current technology limitations. They do not go for lob sided design just for marketing gimmick needs.
[deleted post]your dream may come true....but only after 10 years..lol !
 i think you dont know that apple is not going before great specs...apple may reach 20mp at a time when androids have 40+ mp camera; your dream may come true....but only after 10 years..lol !; i think you dont know that apple is not going before great specs...apple may reach 20mp at a time when androids have 40+ mp camera
this phone is awsome...fun to use..good perfomance..if you really love the freedom of android..hold two phones(a midrange android alng with iphone)...or buy an android tablet...if you cant do this,then go for android flagship.
 the must for the iphone is 
 -money(for the phone itself & for purchasing apps)
 -credit cards
 -wifi(cellular speed is slow compared to android); this phone is awsome...fun to use..good perfomance..if you really love the freedom of android..hold two phones(a midrange android alng with iphone)...or buy an android tablet...if you cant do this,then go for android flagship.; the must for the iphone is; -money(for the phone itself & for purchasing apps); -credit cards; -wifi(cellular speed is slow compared to android)
King of Phones.
 
 WWDC 2015, iPhone will reach a new height!
 
 iPhones, iPads, Apple TV, Macs, Watch. All different, yet as one.; King of Phones.; WWDC 2015, iPhone will reach a new height!; iPhones, iPads, Apple TV, Macs, Watch. All different, yet as one.
I phone 6 good or bad.; I phone 6 good or bad.
Anonymous, 02 Jun 2015Apple iphone6 design is so easy to copy that all smartphone begin to look like iphone. Iphone6... moreHuawei Ascend P6 was another gorgeous phone used to check it out overtime went in Carphone Warehouse.; Huawei Ascend P6 was another gorgeous phone used to check it out overtime went in Carphone Warehouse.
Sam Rohab, 02 Jun 2015space grey or gold ?? Iphone 6 gold looks premium or cheap ?Just got home and iPhone 6 is here (well left at neighbours) in gold. Can it really be gold phone when front is white ?I think it should be all white all gold all silver and black should be black not space grey. 
 
 Leave it to set up now via iTunes but still does not feel like iPhone, button looks odd, small and odd Think I am so used to industrial design. Anyhow going to use it for 2 weeks solid to get used to it this time.; Just got home and iPhone 6 is here (well left at neighbours) in gold. Can it really be gold phone when front is white ?I think it should be all white all gold all silver and black should be black not space grey.; Leave it to set up now via iTunes but still does not feel like iPhone, button looks odd, small and odd Think I am so used to industrial design. Anyhow going to use it for 2 weeks solid to get used to it this time.
Anonymous, 02 Jun 2015Apple iphone6 design is so easy to copy that all smartphone begin to look like iphone. Iphone6... moreBut it's not really a unique design...iphones have stolen so much off of samsung and other highend androids in the past that it's downright shameful...i'm not a big fan of the design of the 6, the 4s looked stylish to me, this one doean't...i do however think that the edge is the nicest looking phone on the market right now...it looks and feels premium...unfortunately i can't afford it so i am stuck with this dull iphone :(; But it's not really a unique design...iphones have stolen so much off of samsung and other highend androids in the past that it's downright shameful...i'm not a big fan of the design of the 6, the 4s looked stylish to me, this one doean't...i do however think that the edge is the nicest looking phone on the market right now...it looks and feels premium...unfortunately i can't afford it so i am stuck with this dull iphone :(
Apple iphone6 design is so easy to copy that all smartphone begin to look like iphone. Iphone6 is no longer unique in term of design. It losing it coolness factor. Look at Huawei P8 that look like a slimmer version of iphone6 and ZTE Nubia Z9 that look like a bezeless iphone6. Yup, people took iphone design and make it better than Apple. Jonathan Ive is going to get fired soon just like that guy in Samsung design team.; Apple iphone6 design is so easy to copy that all smartphone begin to look like iphone. Iphone6 is no longer unique in term of design. It losing it coolness factor. Look at Huawei P8 that look like a slimmer version of iphone6 and ZTE Nubia Z9 that look like a bezeless iphone6. Yup, people took iphone design and make it better than Apple. Jonathan Ive is going to get fired soon just like that guy in Samsung design team.
space grey or gold ?? Iphone 6 gold looks premium or cheap ?; space grey or gold ?? Iphone 6 gold looks premium or cheap ?
bapun, 02 Jun 2015sony phones always have serious heating problems...Had Z3 compact twice as it was full powered phone sized phone but audio was poor through headphones and speakers plus cam was not good. It did record video at 4K for 29 mins for me before it ran out of memory,most phones manage 5 mins of 4K video recording. Sony should be tops with their Walkman audio and Sony cam lens unit but they are not.; Had Z3 compact twice as it was full powered phone sized phone but audio was poor through headphones and speakers plus cam was not good. It did record video at 4K for 29 mins for me before it ran out of memory,most phones manage 5 mins of 4K video recording. Sony should be tops with their Walkman audio and Sony cam lens unit but they are not.
bapun, 02 Jun 2015any one please tell me is there any toggle switch for 2g 3g 4g on iphone 6.....Settings > Cellular > Voice ( 2G/3G/LTE switch). If you have updated your carrier, you may not get all options.; Settings > Cellular > Voice ( 2G/3G/LTE switch). If you have updated your carrier, you may not get all options.
Brynn, 01 Jun 2015Oh yes Symbian was what I grew up with and you too. Although Symbian is dead it still had easy... moresony phones always have serious heating problems...; sony phones always have serious heating problems...
any one please tell me is there any toggle switch for 2g 3g 4g on iphone 6.....; any one please tell me is there any toggle switch for 2g 3g 4g on iphone 6.....
Riyuk6239, 01 Jun 2015I used to be an Android user, I mainly switched to iOS because Android L is buggy as hell. It ... more have not found anyone liking Lollipop KitKat is best as Original-Jamaican said in earlier post and loads agree.; have not found anyone liking Lollipop KitKat is best as Original-Jamaican said in earlier post and loads agree.
Original-Jamaican, 01 Jun 2015To PEAR: Thanks for your input. What you said made a lot of sense. I have owned more Nokia ... moreOh yes Symbian was what I grew up with and you too. Although Symbian is dead it still had easy file manager,easy bluetooth transfer and Nokia's quirky designed phones and loved it to bits. 
 
 I too had mainly Samsung Androids but did not get S6 because of usual no sd card.battery removal. The biggest disappointment is I thought Sony would do better,they seemed better under Sony Ericsson. Oh well just try and enjoy phones and glad we live in this era where all this lot has been invented. I will give Windows another try when 10 comes out.; Oh yes Symbian was what I grew up with and you too. Although Symbian is dead it still had easy file manager,easy bluetooth transfer and Nokia's quirky designed phones and loved it to bits.; I too had mainly Samsung Androids but did not get S6 because of usual no sd card.battery removal. The biggest disappointment is I thought Sony would do better,they seemed better under Sony Ericsson. Oh well just try and enjoy phones and glad we live in this era where all this lot has been invented. I will give Windows another try when 10 comes out.
Jeevan, 01 Jun 2015I have been using android for last 4yrs and i changed to windows. With comparing to windows a... moreTo JEEVAN: Well in all my years of owning smartphones...from the Nokia E-Series to the Galoaxy S series I have never had a problem with security. Never got a virus nor been hacked as far as I know. The Galaxy S4/5 has increased security even further by introducing KNOX Security. Remember, Android protection level is just the base, manufacturers can add even further protection if they choose to.
 
 Whereas copying is concerned...You accuse Google or copying Apple...well Apple is big copier though Apple fans are blind to the truth...I won't say it in my own words I will just quote a commentor who left their comment on Yahoo Tech forums.
 
 Exact words from Yahoo commenter:
 
 copy? you mean like Apple did with the M8? and the Galaxy Note? and NFC? and the smartwatch? and reachability? and widgets? and the notification bar? etc etc etc; To JEEVAN: Well in all my years of owning smartphones...from the Nokia E-Series to the Galoaxy S series I have never had a problem with security. Never got a virus nor been hacked as far as I know. The Galaxy S4/5 has increased security even further by introducing KNOX Security. Remember, Android protection level is just the base, manufacturers can add even further protection if they choose to.; Whereas copying is concerned...You accuse Google or copying Apple...well Apple is big copier though Apple fans are blind to the truth...I won't say it in my own words I will just quote a commentor who left their comment on Yahoo Tech forums.; Exact words from Yahoo commenter:; copy? you mean like Apple did with the M8? and the Galaxy Note? and NFC? and the smartwatch? and reachability? and widgets? and the notification bar? etc etc etc
Jeevan, 01 Jun 2015I have been using android for last 4yrs and i changed to windows. With comparing to windows a... moreTo Riyuk6239:
 
 You have your experience and I have mine. I have a factory unlocked S5 which was never tied to any provider (sometimes providers are at fault for the bugs and lags) My S5 came with Kitkat 4.4.2 and I have no problems whatsoever with it. It's fast, stable, buttery smooth, never crashed nor froze, never had to do battery pull, doesn't lag, no connectivity issues, no dropped calls and best of all, good battery life. I'm not changing my OS to Lollipop because there is a famous saying...if it ain't broke don't fix it. It takes 1:55 minutes to charge which is a huge difference compared to the 3+ hours my S2 took to charge...whose battery also depleted much quciker than the S5. All over the internet official reviewers state that the S5 have an excellent battery...CNET (hardest reviewing company) and even our own GSMArena right here. GSMArena tests concluded a 72 hours endurance test with the S5 running KitKat and 83 hours running Lollipop whereas the iPhone 6 endurance test concludes at 61 hours so either way you take it the S5 gives you a longer lasting battery. I have no complaints about my S5 and as a somebody in the technology field for more than 20 years, who has has a passion for features and open platforms, Android suits me better and the Galaxy S technology makes it even better. As GSMArena stated "The Galaxy S is the trendsetter for all smartphones".
 
 Stick with what works for you and I will stick with what works for me but word of advice for the future, whichever make or model phone you migrate to, stick to factory unloock devices they are usually stable than the provider versions. They cost a lot more but you won't be tied to a plan and you are getting a much better device any way you look at it.; To Riyuk6239:; You have your experience and I have mine. I have a factory unlocked S5 which was never tied to any provider (sometimes providers are at fault for the bugs and lags) My S5 came with Kitkat 4.4.2 and I have no problems whatsoever with it. It's fast, stable, buttery smooth, never crashed nor froze, never had to do battery pull, doesn't lag, no connectivity issues, no dropped calls and best of all, good battery life. I'm not changing my OS to Lollipop because there is a famous saying...if it ain't broke don't fix it. It takes 1:55 minutes to charge which is a huge difference compared to the 3+ hours my S2 took to charge...whose battery also depleted much quciker than the S5. All over the internet official reviewers state that the S5 have an excellent battery...CNET (hardest reviewing company) and even our own GSMArena right here. GSMArena tests concluded a 72 hours endurance test with the S5 running KitKat and 83 hours running Lollipop whereas the iPhone 6 endurance test concludes at 61 hours so either way you take it the S5 gives you a longer lasting battery. I have no complaints about my S5 and as a somebody in the technology field for more than 20 years, who has has a passion for features and open platforms, Android suits me better and the Galaxy S technology makes it even better. As GSMArena stated "The Galaxy S is the trendsetter for all smartphones".; Stick with what works for you and I will stick with what works for me but word of advice for the future, whichever make or model phone you migrate to, stick to factory unloock devices they are usually stable than the provider versions. They cost a lot more but you won't be tied to a plan and you are getting a much better device any way you look at it.
Jeevan, 01 Jun 2015I have been using android for last 4yrs and i changed to windows. With comparing to windows a... moreok yes I want to buy please:); ok yes I want to buy please:)
[deleted post]I think you said enough already... :D That was hilarious.; I think you said enough already... :D That was hilarious.
Pear, 01 Jun 2015This is such a wrong statement. I am an Android user and with the exception of one friend (who... moreAnd here you are again repeating same things over and over again, can you tell me why you are so obsessed about Apple?
 
 If you don't own iPhone, why you are here almost every day?
 
 By the way iPhone 6 camera is great, among the best, don't understand how anyone can say it's mediocre.; And here you are again repeating same things over and over again, can you tell me why you are so obsessed about Apple?; If you don't own iPhone, why you are here almost every day?; By the way iPhone 6 camera is great, among the best, don't understand how anyone can say it's mediocre.
I have been using android for last 4yrs and i changed to windows. With comparing to windows android is rubbish and not secured. I enjoyed windows and now add another os to my life thats iphone 6plus. It is more secure and user friendly. Android was generated by copying ios so we cannot support to android. Samsung is copying all thefeatures from apple even the finger scanner people are following samsung because of the less price but samsung is also cheating people with compremising the spec and features and people dont have any issues about that; I have been using android for last 4yrs and i changed to windows. With comparing to windows android is rubbish and not secured. I enjoyed windows and now add another os to my life thats iphone 6plus. It is more secure and user friendly. Android was generated by copying ios so we cannot support to android. Samsung is copying all thefeatures from apple even the finger scanner people are following samsung because of the less price but samsung is also cheating people with compremising the spec and features and people dont have any issues about that
I used to be an Android user, I mainly switched to iOS because Android L is buggy as hell. It lags, auto reboots, heating, takes long time to charge etc. In my opinion KitKat was awesome when compared to Android L. 
 After switching to iOS, I'm glad of my decision. In my iPhone 6 I get more than 9hrs usage (80% drain). Full charging takes 1hr 10mins. iOS is more secure and efficient. We can add any ringtone we want in iOS, just have to convert it to .mpr format. I observed no lags, no heating and games run very smoothly.; I used to be an Android user, I mainly switched to iOS because Android L is buggy as hell. It lags, auto reboots, heating, takes long time to charge etc. In my opinion KitKat was awesome when compared to Android L.; After switching to iOS, I'm glad of my decision. In my iPhone 6 I get more than 9hrs usage (80% drain). Full charging takes 1hr 10mins. iOS is more secure and efficient. We can add any ringtone we want in iOS, just have to convert it to .mpr format. I observed no lags, no heating and games run very smoothly.
To PEAR:
 
 Thanks for your input. What you said made a lot of sense. I have owned more Nokia phones than any other in my life and I have known Brynn a long time so Brynn can attest to that. I was a huge fan of Symbian and didn't want to go the Android route because I thought Symbian was simply the best. I eventually decided I wanted higher end specifications and later technology which the Nokia E-Series wasn't giving me anymore so I got a Galaxy S2 last year April and it blew me away...especially in speed and camera then upgraded to a S5 in October and realised that Android is simply the best route right now especially seeing that Symbian is basically dead. One thing I rate about Galaxy S series is that you get special features that other smartphones doesn't give...for instance the Galaxy S goes beyond copy and paste and gives you access to the CLIPBOARD...something I have only seen on Windows computers...but it even goes beyond what the computer's clipboard offers...as you can store up to one item in the computers clipboard, with the Galaxy S you can store up to 20 items in clipboard memory...powering off or restarting doesn't remove them from memory either and with the S5 you can lock any of the items in memory. The clipboard feature has helped me so much with my office work. That's just one of the outstanding features that you don't see in advertisements. I don't care so much about the gesture features, I focus on the solid ones.; To PEAR:; Thanks for your input. What you said made a lot of sense. I have owned more Nokia phones than any other in my life and I have known Brynn a long time so Brynn can attest to that. I was a huge fan of Symbian and didn't want to go the Android route because I thought Symbian was simply the best. I eventually decided I wanted higher end specifications and later technology which the Nokia E-Series wasn't giving me anymore so I got a Galaxy S2 last year April and it blew me away...especially in speed and camera then upgraded to a S5 in October and realised that Android is simply the best route right now especially seeing that Symbian is basically dead. One thing I rate about Galaxy S series is that you get special features that other smartphones doesn't give...for instance the Galaxy S goes beyond copy and paste and gives you access to the CLIPBOARD...something I have only seen on Windows computers...but it even goes beyond what the computer's clipboard offers...as you can store up to one item in the computers clipboard, with the Galaxy S you can store up to 20 items in clipboard memory...powering off or restarting doesn't remove them from memory either and with the S5 you can lock any of the items in memory. The clipboard feature has helped me so much with my office work. That's just one of the outstanding features that you don't see in advertisements. I don't care so much about the gesture features, I focus on the solid ones.
Pear, 01 Jun 2015This is such a wrong statement. I am an Android user and with the exception of one friend (who... moreOut of all the Androids I have used since T-Mobile pulse UK the only one fast enough was Nexus 5. iPhone is consistent whereas Android is variable in operation. As to boring and restrictive I agree they made IOS simple for the masses but is nowhere near as intuative as it should be . Equaliser in settings ,why not allow any ringtones,why backlight minimum time out 1 minute. I think they could do better and for me also add notification LED.
 
 Like all O/S even BB but go back to iPhone when stressed then to Android for variety and customisations,then BB for real keyboard etc. I just go with what suites me at time.
 
 I always say the best smartphone on the planet is one that suites your needs and is within your budget.; Out of all the Androids I have used since T-Mobile pulse UK the only one fast enough was Nexus 5. iPhone is consistent whereas Android is variable in operation. As to boring and restrictive I agree they made IOS simple for the masses but is nowhere near as intuative as it should be . Equaliser in settings ,why not allow any ringtones,why backlight minimum time out 1 minute. I think they could do better and for me also add notification LED.; Like all O/S even BB but go back to iPhone when stressed then to Android for variety and customisations,then BB for real keyboard etc. I just go with what suites me at time.; I always say the best smartphone on the planet is one that suites your needs and is within your budget.
Anonymous, 01 Jun 2015Because Bynn.. "Quad core" and 3 Gig ram MAY not make it faster. What makes it... moreThanks for reply.; Thanks for reply.
Anonymous, 01 Jun 2015Because Bynn.. "Quad core" and 3 Gig ram MAY not make it faster. What makes it... moreThis is such a wrong statement. I am an Android user and with the exception of one friend (who can't wait to trade in his iphone 6) all my friends are Android users (S6's, LG G3, Nexus, even Moto G). 
 The main reason is not specs at all. I have had an iphone 6 for 2 months before i sold it on amazon. It's not a bad phone and it does indeed perform better than SOME phones with higher specs. However, the OS is truly restrictive and downright annoying. The fact that Android allows me to customize my screen however I want to, uninstall as many preloaded apps as I want to and gives me quality multitasking, is a non-tradable for me. The most annoying thing about the iphone 6, besides the mediocre camera and battery life (which are big musts for most people) was the inability to answer a whats app message or text whilst watching youtube. The phone is so un-inspiring and dull that i had to do every activity separately. It truly was an annoying experience. The reason why people flock to iphones is because they don't know how to use Android. Once you know how to use Androids, you can actually make your phone much simpler that iOS. The truth is i can make my LG's Lollipop look like an iOS if i want to or feel uninspired, but I could never make an Iphone look like my current phone. This is also one of the reasons iphones don't need as many cores or ram...the phone does not do much!! it might have been innovative a decade ago, now they're just profiting of the uninformed masses....; This is such a wrong statement. I am an Android user and with the exception of one friend (who can't wait to trade in his iphone 6) all my friends are Android users (S6's, LG G3, Nexus, even Moto G).; The main reason is not specs at all. I have had an iphone 6 for 2 months before i sold it on amazon. It's not a bad phone and it does indeed perform better than SOME phones with higher specs. However, the OS is truly restrictive and downright annoying. The fact that Android allows me to customize my screen however I want to, uninstall as many preloaded apps as I want to and gives me quality multitasking, is a non-tradable for me. The most annoying thing about the iphone 6, besides the mediocre camera and battery life (which are big musts for most people) was the inability to answer a whats app message or text whilst watching youtube. The phone is so un-inspiring and dull that i had to do every activity separately. It truly was an annoying experience. The reason why people flock to iphones is because they don't know how to use Android. Once you know how to use Androids, you can actually make your phone much simpler that iOS. The truth is i can make my LG's Lollipop look like an iOS if i want to or feel uninspired, but I could never make an Iphone look like my current phone. This is also one of the reasons iphones don't need as many cores or ram...the phone does not do much!! it might have been innovative a decade ago, now they're just profiting of the uninformed masses....
Brynn, 31 May 2015I have spent a good while on GSMArenas comparison charts and even 4s stands its ground in phot... moreBecause Bynn..
 
 "Quad core" and 3 Gig ram MAY not make it faster.
 
 What makes it faster is the number of transistors in the cpu, n increase bandwidth to make use of the RAM given. 
 
 Just like high MP does not automatically make a good camera..it just simply generate a bigger picture.. its still junk if your sensor / lens / image processing is junk.
 
 Apple is not only smart in technology, but they are smart in business. They know if they release junk, they will not get customers at all. They know specs gimmicks gets you nowhere. You see android fanboys jumping from one brand to the other constantly.. searching for best "specs".. but they end up chasing marketing gimmicks.; Because Bynn..; "Quad core" and 3 Gig ram MAY not make it faster.; What makes it faster is the number of transistors in the cpu, n increase bandwidth to make use of the RAM given.; Just like high MP does not automatically make a good camera..it just simply generate a bigger picture.. its still junk if your sensor / lens / image processing is junk.; Apple is not only smart in technology, but they are smart in business. They know if they release junk, they will not get customers at all. They know specs gimmicks gets you nowhere. You see android fanboys jumping from one brand to the other constantly.. searching for best "specs".. but they end up chasing marketing gimmicks.
Anyone notice only space grey iPhones have home button loose problem....same my ip5s or its again with ip6... Otherwise all colour have good; Anyone notice only space grey iPhones have home button loose problem....same my ip5s or its again with ip6... Otherwise all colour have good
I love my iPhone6... ;) Excited for the upcoming iPhone6S. Yeah!!; I love my iPhone6... ;) Excited for the upcoming iPhone6S. Yeah!!
Sabba, 31 May 2015Which color looks good gold and silver space gray...;); space gray...;)
Duel, 31 May 2015Not worth of upgrade in my opinion. This is great site to show the camera quality http://ww... moreI have spent a good while on GSMArenas comparison charts and even 4s stands its ground in photo and video. Even some darker patches are marginally better on 4s in video than 6. Even though Apple love to hype and say about all the tech that has gone into each new phone the cameras are not much different. The only thing is speed, my goodness firing off photos is fast.
 
 Back in 2005 on UK's The Gadget Show the biggest trouble with point and shoots was shutter lag and now a decade later iPhone has obliterated that problem right out of water.
 
 Just spent some time with HTC M9 and nice phone but too many minuses for me therefore 64gig iPhone 6 on way. Since owning a gold/silver big phone (HTC M9) iPhone 6 should be more acceptable to me. Still the best stress free it just works phone on the market.
 
 Wonder how it would get any faster if "for a laugh" they stuck quad core beast in plus 3gig ram.; I have spent a good while on GSMArenas comparison charts and even 4s stands its ground in photo and video. Even some darker patches are marginally better on 4s in video than 6. Even though Apple love to hype and say about all the tech that has gone into each new phone the cameras are not much different. The only thing is speed, my goodness firing off photos is fast.; Back in 2005 on UK's The Gadget Show the biggest trouble with point and shoots was shutter lag and now a decade later iPhone has obliterated that problem right out of water.; Just spent some time with HTC M9 and nice phone but too many minuses for me therefore 64gig iPhone 6 on way. Since owning a gold/silver big phone (HTC M9) iPhone 6 should be more acceptable to me. Still the best stress free it just works phone on the market.; Wonder how it would get any faster if "for a laugh" they stuck quad core beast in plus 3gig ram.
Hi
 
 I do appreciate that Android is doing well , and has many features which are not found on iOS. Still we know that World is mad behind iPhones, because of main reasons. 
 
 1. Simplicity
 2. Style 
 3. Brand
 4. Most important: because software and hardware both are made by same company that is Apple, they both synchronise absolutely, no flaws, no errors. Where as in case of Android software made by Google and handset by various companies. 
 5. People who write about iPhones they know whats the truth and just don't wanna accept it. 
 
 thanks; Hi; I do appreciate that Android is doing well , and has many features which are not found on iOS. Still we know that World is mad behind iPhones, because of main reasons.; 1. Simplicity; 2. Style; 3. Brand; 4. Most important: because software and hardware both are made by same company that is Apple, they both synchronise absolutely, no flaws, no errors. Where as in case of Android software made by Google and handset by various companies.; 5. People who write about iPhones they know whats the truth and just don't wanna accept it.; thanks
Go for space grey bro, it is the best. Specially when it is standby mode whole black screen looks amazing; Go for space grey bro, it is the best. Specially when it is standby mode whole black screen looks amazing
Which color looks good gold and silver; Which color looks good gold and silver
Original-Jamaican, 31 May 2015To DUEL: My friend I respect your opinions but this one is a bit unfair. Remember, the LG ... moreExactly my point, don't look numbers blindly because there's much more than numbers on paper.; Exactly my point, don't look numbers blindly because there's much more than numbers on paper.
To Duel:
 
 I meant to say LG G4. My apologies.; To Duel:; I meant to say LG G4. My apologies.
Duel, 31 May 2015"Very low battery life only 1810 mAh" And yet this phone has lot better battery l... moreTo DUEL: 
 
 My friend I respect your opinions but this one is a bit unfair. Remember, the LG G3 has a qHD (quad HD) display which consumes a lot of battery power so it's easy to see why the iPhone 6 (or any iPhone for that matter) will give better battery life. Not to mention the G3 has a larger screen...almost an inch larger. Even Huawei's CEO said his company won't be going the qHD route because it's too power consuming.; To DUEL:; My friend I respect your opinions but this one is a bit unfair. Remember, the LG G3 has a qHD (quad HD) display which consumes a lot of battery power so it's easy to see why the iPhone 6 (or any iPhone for that matter) will give better battery life. Not to mention the G3 has a larger screen...almost an inch larger. Even Huawei's CEO said his company won't be going the qHD route because it's too power consuming.
Bro I have ip5s so I buy or not ip6; Bro I have ip5s so I buy or not ip6
sam9812182359, 31 May 2015Anyone tell about the i6 camera... Its camera is better than i5s or not .. Plzz guyzzz tell truthNot worth of upgrade in my opinion.
 
 This is great site to show the camera quality http://www.businessinsider.com/iphone-6-vs-iphon­e-5s-camera-2014-9?op=1&IR=T 
 
 There's same photos taken with every iPhone and it clearly shows iPhone 5S have already great camera and 6 can't make it much better, it's little bit better but camera can't get that much better in every year anymore, so the next iPhone could have bigger difference in camera. I'm waiting that.; Not worth of upgrade in my opinion.; This is great site to show the camera quality; There's same photos taken with every iPhone and it clearly shows iPhone 5S have already great camera and 6 can't make it much better, it's little bit better but camera can't get that much better in every year anymore, so the next iPhone could have bigger difference in camera. I'm waiting that.
Guyzz plzz tell me about ip6 camera .. Its better than ip5s or not.... Plzz tell truth guyzz; Guyzz plzz tell me about ip6 camera .. Its better than ip5s or not.... Plzz tell truth guyzz
sam9812182359, 31 May 2015Anyone tell about the i6 camera... Its camera is better than i5s or not .. Plzz guyzzz tell truthiPhone 6 camera is awesome..... Just little better than that of iPhone 5S.; iPhone 6 camera is awesome..... Just little better than that of iPhone 5S.
Anyone tell about the i6 camera... Its camera is better than i5s or not .. Plzz guyzzz tell truth; Anyone tell about the i6 camera... Its camera is better than i5s or not .. Plzz guyzzz tell truth
kipson, 30 May 2015Very low battery life only 1810 mAh only, very low RAM 1GB. but this price range other company... more"Very low battery life only 1810 mAh"
 
 And yet this phone has lot better battery life than LG G4 with 3000 mAh
 
 Numbers are just numbers.; "Very low battery life only 1810 mAh"; And yet this phone has lot better battery life than LG G4 with 3000 mAh; Numbers are just numbers.
Daily interest just keep growing and growing, month ago it was 40% and that was great and now it's 60%; Daily interest just keep growing and growing, month ago it was 40% and that was great and now it's 60%
Anonymous, 30 May 2015LG G4 is way better than iphone6 camera is the best iphone6 camera is ugly camera of iphone 6 is ugly?you did not own an iphone for sure.iphone camera only tels what is your real face. :) if you are uggly, your photo also is ugly.dont blame the iphone.; camera of iphone 6 is ugly?you did not own an iphone for sure.iphone camera only tels what is your real face. :) if you are uggly, your photo also is ugly.dont blame the iphone.
kipson, 30 May 2015Very low battery life only 1810 mAh only, very low RAM 1GB. but this price range other company... moreYou are dwelling with the numbers...
 Again eventhough iPhone has alow numbers of spec than anyother smart phone out there still iPhone outperform them..
 Have you try to check the speed test of iPhone and S^ or note 4 or s5 etc. on youtube?
 Most of the ime iPhone wins...
 so what is the problem of the low number of spec of iPhone?; You are dwelling with the numbers...; Again eventhough iPhone has alow numbers of spec than anyother smart phone out there still iPhone outperform them..; Have you try to check the speed test of iPhone and S^ or note 4 or s5 etc. on youtube?; Most of the ime iPhone wins...; so what is the problem of the low number of spec of iPhone?
Pear, 30 May 2015It definitely is for people who spell "fon"Wht do u want to say ???; Wht do u want to say ???
LG G4 is way better than iphone6
 
 camera is the best
 iphone6 camera is ugly; LG G4 is way better than iphone6; camera is the best; iphone6 camera is ugly
Pear, 30 May 2015One top out of the other 1000 that don't even have the iphone in the top 5...Just look at your new android version M ,now their apps permission system and app linking system is like iOS (iOS user using it for years ) iOS has a great copy and paste user interface for years and now your new android version following same thing .Android is only good for you like kids .; Just look at your new android version M ,now their apps permission system and app linking system is like iOS (iOS user using it for years ) iOS has a great copy and paste user interface for years and now your new android version following same thing .Android is only good for you like kids .
Kz Khan, 30 May 2015Hi Guys ! i am planing to buy a smartphone but confused , which phone can give me good battery... moreBoth are great, it's up to you.; Both are great, it's up to you.
Hi Guys ! i am planing to buy a smartphone but confused , which phone can give me good battery backup, Samsung Galaxy S6 or iPhone 6 ? I play a lot of games and use Facebook Instagram, whatsapp , and for selfies . so which phone is better !Sorry for my bad english .; Hi Guys ! i am planing to buy a smartphone but confused , which phone can give me good battery backup, Samsung Galaxy S6 or iPhone 6 ? I play a lot of games and use Facebook Instagram, whatsapp , and for selfies . so which phone is better !Sorry for my bad english .
Duel, 30 May 2015"Guys I'm migrating from galaxy s5 can anybody tell me what are the benefits of iOS and w... moreThanx a lot :); Thanx a lot :)
Pear, 30 May 2015One top out of the other 1000 that don't even have the iphone in the top 5...I don't know what you are talking about, i found three (very hard to find those) best phone buy today lists and iPhone 6 was in place two EVERY of them.; I don't know what you are talking about, i found three (very hard to find those) best phone buy today lists and iPhone 6 was in place two EVERY of them.
Duel, 29 May 2015Pocket lint Best smartphones 2015: The best phones available to buy today IPhone 6 in ... moreOne top out of the other 1000 that don't even have the iphone in the top 5...; One top out of the other 1000 that don't even have the iphone in the top 5...
Harry, 30 May 2015Best fon ever It definitely is for people who spell "fon"; It definitely is for people who spell "fon"
Anonymous, 30 May 2015Guys I'm migrating from galaxy s5 can anybody tell me what are the benefits of iOS and would g... more"Guys I'm migrating from galaxy s5 can anybody tell me what are the benefits of iOS and would gaming be that good as in s5?"
 
 Gaming is lot better with iPhone 6 than S5, lot of games lag with S5.
 
 Every games runs perfectly smooth, also all the UPCOMING games going to run too (beauty of one company phone ecosystem) when you buy android device you really never can know if those games run smoothly on your device or not, there's so big difference in gaming performance among android devices.; "Guys I'm migrating from galaxy s5 can anybody tell me what are the benefits of iOS and would gaming be that good as in s5?"; Gaming is lot better with iPhone 6 than S5, lot of games lag with S5.; Every games runs perfectly smooth, also all the UPCOMING games going to run too (beauty of one company phone ecosystem) when you buy android device you really never can know if those games run smoothly on your device or not, there's so big difference in gaming performance among android devices.
kipson, 30 May 2015Very low battery life only 1810 mAh only, very low RAM 1GB. but this price range other company... moreThe battery life is great actually. Right now I've checked and I got 6 hours and 10 minuten of on-screen time, and it's been 1 day and 11 hours since the last time I've fully charged it. I still have 43 % left! Wifi is constantly on by the way. Also you shouldn't look at the specs, iOS is a light and effectively build OS that doesn't need 8 cores and 4000 mAh battery. Same for the camera, for example the iPhone 6 camera has 8 megapixel and Xperia Z3 has 20 mp but iPhone's camera is better than Z3's camera. Just look at some speed tests on YouTube between the iPhone 6 versus Galaxy S6 or Note 4 and you'll see that in most cases the iPhone is faster. And what's nice too is that you buy a phone that STAYS fast and usable even after 3 or 4 years.; The battery life is great actually. Right now I've checked and I got 6 hours and 10 minuten of on-screen time, and it's been 1 day and 11 hours since the last time I've fully charged it. I still have 43 % left! Wifi is constantly on by the way. Also you shouldn't look at the specs, iOS is a light and effectively build OS that doesn't need 8 cores and 4000 mAh battery. Same for the camera, for example the iPhone 6 camera has 8 megapixel and Xperia Z3 has 20 mp but iPhone's camera is better than Z3's camera. Just look at some speed tests on YouTube between the iPhone 6 versus Galaxy S6 or Note 4 and you'll see that in most cases the iPhone is faster. And what's nice too is that you buy a phone that STAYS fast and usable even after 3 or 4 years.
Very low battery life only 1810 mAh only, very low RAM 1GB. but this price range other company provide 3200 mAh, battery & 3 to 4 gb RAM, so is phone is very low quality phone, but IOS operating system is very good; Very low battery life only 1810 mAh only, very low RAM 1GB. but this price range other company provide 3200 mAh, battery & 3 to 4 gb RAM, so is phone is very low quality phone, but IOS operating system is very good
Duel, 29 May 2015Great to hear you got out of android brainwashing and saw the real device behind the numbers! Guys I'm migrating from galaxy s5 can anybody tell me what are the benefits of iOS and would gaming be that good as in s5?; Guys I'm migrating from galaxy s5 can anybody tell me what are the benefits of iOS and would gaming be that good as in s5?
Best fon ever; Best fon ever
Jimmy, 29 May 2015I bought this phone two weeks ago. I used Android for years (S4, S5, G3) and also Lumia 930 an... moreGreat to hear you got out of android brainwashing and saw the real device behind the numbers!; Great to hear you got out of android brainwashing and saw the real device behind the numbers!
I bought this phone two weeks ago. I used Android for years (S4, S5, G3) and also Lumia 930 and Blackbery Z10. I was always anti-Apple. Saying the usual things on forums like overpriced tech with closed and boring OS. Now I know how fantastic the iPhone and iOS really is. It's reliable, super fast, beautiful and camera, super speaker with nice bass, and just an overall feeling of premium quality in my hands. It's the BMW or Mercedes of the phones. There is no other brand that can give this kind of special feeling to it's customers.; I bought this phone two weeks ago. I used Android for years (S4, S5, G3) and also Lumia 930 and Blackbery Z10. I was always anti-Apple. Saying the usual things on forums like overpriced tech with closed and boring OS. Now I know how fantastic the iPhone and iOS really is. It's reliable, super fast, beautiful and camera, super speaker with nice bass, and just an overall feeling of premium quality in my hands. It's the BMW or Mercedes of the phones. There is no other brand that can give this kind of special feeling to it's customers.
I am dieheart fan for apple i am using iphone since iphone 3G till iphone 6
 But now i am going to turn with damn android because of sound quality . Android letest flagship with poweramp apps wow superior apple never developed for their audio listeners 
 Anyway thanks apple being with me since long...bye bye; I am dieheart fan for apple i am using iphone since iphone 3G till iphone 6; But now i am going to turn with damn android because of sound quality . Android letest flagship with poweramp apps wow superior apple never developed for their audio listeners; Anyway thanks apple being with me since long...bye bye
Pear, 29 May 2015People here to respond quite rude to you, especially these apple fans...i would research both ... morePocket lint 
 
 Best smartphones 2015: The best phones available to buy today
 
 IPhone 6 in second place AGAIN; Pocket lint; Best smartphones 2015: The best phones available to buy today; IPhone 6 in second place AGAIN
Pear, 29 May 2015People here to respond quite rude to you, especially these apple fans...i would research both ... morehttp://www.v3.co.uk/v3-uk/news/2323131/top-10-sm­artphones-for-2014-iphone-6-galaxy-s5-and-nexus-­6-on-the-horizon/page/5 
 
 Same results iPhone 6 in second place.; Same results iPhone 6 in second place.
Pear, 29 May 2015People here to respond quite rude to you, especially these apple fans...i would research both ... moreAgain spreading your typical nonsense.
 
 15 days old news 
 
 10 best mobile phones in the world today
 
 http://www.techradar.com/news/phone-and-communic­ations/mobile-phones/20-best-mobile-phones-in-th­e-world-today-645440 
 
 Why then iPhone 6 is in place 2?; Again spreading your typical nonsense.; 15 days old news; 10 best mobile phones in the world today; Why then iPhone 6 is in place 2?
Original-Jamaican, 29 May 2015To DUEL: Sorry about the confusing in reading my opinion. I paragraphed it which normally w... moreActually gsmarena have had that problem for like month now, also you can't edit your messages anymore. Don't know why the gsmarena staff doesn't FIX it. Its VERY annoying.
 
 First i thought i was the one who have that problem alone, but figured out that it does't work for anybody; Actually gsmarena have had that problem for like month now, also you can't edit your messages anymore. Don't know why the gsmarena staff doesn't FIX it. Its VERY annoying.; First i thought i was the one who have that problem alone, but figured out that it does't work for anybody
Duel, 27 May 2015It's impossible to read your comment but i got this from it "I recently learnt that when ... moreTo DUEL:
 
 
 I was trying to edit my previous reply but got an error. I have capitalised the correction.
 
 
 Sorry about the CONFUSION in reading my opinion. I paragraphed it which normally works but this time around GSMArena decided to put everything in one. When I re-read it, it confused me as well.; To DUEL:; I was trying to edit my previous reply but got an error. I have capitalised the correction.; Sorry about the CONFUSION in reading my opinion. I paragraphed it which normally works but this time around GSMArena decided to put everything in one. When I re-read it, it confused me as well.
Slave to your Phone., 29 May 2015I owned, motorola / lg / samsung / apple / htc, now does that make me immune to more pop? Nope... moreAnd seeing that you are ignorant let me tell you that you can DISABLE notification lights from the S5. I did so for about a month and realised I missed it...so it's back on now. Anymore ignorant or intelligent comment you would like to make?; And seeing that you are ignorant let me tell you that you can DISABLE notification lights from the S5. I did so for about a month and realised I missed it...so it's back on now. Anymore ignorant or intelligent comment you would like to make?
Wjw, 28 May 2015Have you heard your self. The guy was just making a reply to a comment some less educated pers... moreTo WJW:
 
 Thank you for showing me that you are have a stable mind unlike the person who chose to attack my opinion though I clearly wasn't talking to him.; To WJW:; Thank you for showing me that you are have a stable mind unlike the person who chose to attack my opinion though I clearly wasn't talking to him.
Worest qouality i have ever had !when i decide to transform from andriod to apple i was so happy to have this such phone but actualy my first my first Iphone 6 was very impressive after 1 week i heared popping sound from right corner I was confused i thought it was a random sound but it was a constant clicking noise i went to apple store in egypt ( mobinil ) they replaced it , i was happy because itvwas a COMMON COMPLAINS about this issue ( clicking noise bottom right ) after another week with the replaced I phone 6 i found this noise again i felt down about this quality issue srsly worest quality ever ! 
 I decided to go back to my Sony Z2 better than Iphone 6.
 Please be careful users; Worest qouality i have ever had !when i decide to transform from andriod to apple i was so happy to have this such phone but actualy my first my first Iphone 6 was very impressive after 1 week i heared popping sound from right corner I was confused i thought it was a random sound but it was a constant clicking noise i went to apple store in egypt ( mobinil ) they replaced it , i was happy because itvwas a COMMON COMPLAINS about this issue ( clicking noise bottom right ) after another week with the replaced I phone 6 i found this noise again i felt down about this quality issue srsly worest quality ever !; I decided to go back to my Sony Z2 better than Iphone 6.; Please be careful users
Slave to your S5, 28 May 2015Haha.. Your S5. iPhone 6 live for us. You live for S5. Why? Notifications are meant to... moreYou are dead wrong. My S5 have a MUTE button...which turns off both sounds and vibrations. Don't display your ignorance if you don't know about a product.; You are dead wrong. My S5 have a MUTE button...which turns off both sounds and vibrations. Don't display your ignorance if you don't know about a product.
Duel, 27 May 2015It's impossible to read your comment but i got this from it "I recently learnt that when ... moreTo DUEL:
 
 Sorry about the confusing in reading my opinion. I paragraphed it which normally works but this time around GSMArena decided to put everything in one. When I re-read it, it confused me as well.; To DUEL:; Sorry about the confusing in reading my opinion. I paragraphed it which normally works but this time around GSMArena decided to put everything in one. When I re-read it, it confused me as well.
kiran, 28 May 2015I have been using nexus 5 so it is the worst phone I have ever seen and I want see something n... morePeople here to respond quite rude to you, especially these apple fans...i would research both phones...as much as i like to bash iphone 6, it is a decent phone. However, it still does not make the top 5 of any tech publication out there. The S6, its biggest competitor, has a well researched better camera, battery and faster processor. I have an LG G3 and i love it, but even i have to admit, at this moment, and for 2015, the S6 and S6 Edge are the best phones on the market...; People here to respond quite rude to you, especially these apple fans...i would research both phones...as much as i like to bash iphone 6, it is a decent phone. However, it still does not make the top 5 of any tech publication out there. The S6, its biggest competitor, has a well researched better camera, battery and faster processor. I have an LG G3 and i love it, but even i have to admit, at this moment, and for 2015, the S6 and S6 Edge are the best phones on the market...
Riyuk6239, 29 May 2015Even with that specification, iPhone outperforms all android devices with ease.Yet it doesn't, but it's cute you think so...; Yet it doesn't, but it's cute you think so...
Wjw, 28 May 2015Have you heard your self. The guy was just making a reply to a comment some less educated pers... moreI owned, motorola / lg / samsung / apple / htc, now does that make me immune to more pop? Nope! Neither are you.
 
 I did not say anything about lag, why is your brain automatically felt attacked by lag? Perhaps the android you owned and use is actually lagging!!
 What i actually saying is that the notification lights is bothering.. and the way android deals with notifications is bad IMO, junks flood the status bar. on iOS the notifications are there if u need it. you do not have to clear it.; I owned, motorola / lg / samsung / apple / htc, now does that make me immune to more pop? Nope! Neither are you.; I did not say anything about lag, why is your brain automatically felt attacked by lag? Perhaps the android you owned and use is actually lagging!!; What i actually saying is that the notification lights is bothering.. and the way android deals with notifications is bad IMO, junks flood the status bar. on iOS the notifications are there if u need it. you do not have to clear it.
dapolicy, 28 May 2015no infrared blaster 8 megapixel camera still dual core processor...android remains the best Even with that specification, iPhone outperforms all android devices with ease.; Even with that specification, iPhone outperforms all android devices with ease.
Slave to your S5, 28 May 2015Haha.. Your S5. iPhone 6 live for us. You live for S5. Why? Notifications are meant to... moreHave you heard your self. The guy was just making a reply to a comment some less educated person made, saying the s5 was just a gimmick phone but rather than go on the attack off iPhone he argued his phone was fast enough good enough and easy to use and that he did not experience the lag. Perhaps you should educate your self and learn to grow up. No need to be such a fan boy and attack every thing that wants to take a bite out of your apple. You can have a pop at me if you like but I do own Apple devices iPhone included but I'm not tied down to one brand hence why I own samsungs top device to...; Have you heard your self. The guy was just making a reply to a comment some less educated person made, saying the s5 was just a gimmick phone but rather than go on the attack off iPhone he argued his phone was fast enough good enough and easy to use and that he did not experience the lag. Perhaps you should educate your self and learn to grow up. No need to be such a fan boy and attack every thing that wants to take a bite out of your apple. You can have a pop at me if you like but I do own Apple devices iPhone included but I'm not tied down to one brand hence why I own samsungs top device to...
kiran, 28 May 2015I have been using nexus 5 so it is the worst phone I have ever seen and I want see something n... moreSo then if you already experienced android and didn't like it iPhone is definately great choice, iPhone 6 performance is top notch and camera is great too.; So then if you already experienced android and didn't like it iPhone is definately great choice, iPhone 6 performance is top notch and camera is great too.
Duel, 28 May 2015The only question really is, do you want android or iOS device. I don't understand why peop... moreI have been using nexus 5 so it is the worst phone I have ever seen and I want see something new in my smartphone that's what I have been confused to buy iOS or android but I need good performance and nice camera.; I have been using nexus 5 so it is the worst phone I have ever seen and I want see something new in my smartphone that's what I have been confused to buy iOS or android but I need good performance and nice camera.
no infrared blaster 8 megapixel camera still dual core processor...android remains the best; no infrared blaster 8 megapixel camera still dual core processor...android remains the best
yes; yes
kiran, 28 May 2015I am going to buy new mobile so am confused to buy a smartphone so please help me friends whic... moreThe only question really is, do you want android or iOS device.
 
 I don't understand why people ask others people opinion about what they should buy. How anyone really can say anything about your taste?
 
 It's like asking from random guy should I see this and this movie, we all have our own taste.; The only question really is, do you want android or iOS device.; I don't understand why people ask others people opinion about what they should buy. How anyone really can say anything about your taste?; It's like asking from random guy should I see this and this movie, we all have our own taste.
I am going to buy new mobile so am confused to buy a smartphone so please help me friends which is best in camera and fast performance. Which is best IPhone 6 or Samsung s6..; I am going to buy new mobile so am confused to buy a smartphone so please help me friends which is best in camera and fast performance. Which is best IPhone 6 or Samsung s6..
Lots of android users chosed iPhone 6 in Q1
 
 "The big winner in Q1 2015 was unexpectedly iOS, which grew from 15.3 to 17.9% market share, while Android dropped from 80.8 to 78.9% market share. "
 
 Great to see those android users finally waking up from brainwashing, they clearly finally got enough.; Lots of android users chosed iPhone 6 in Q1; "The big winner in Q1 2015 was unexpectedly iOS, which grew from 15.3 to 17.9% market share, while Android dropped from 80.8 to 78.9% market share. "; Great to see those android users finally waking up from brainwashing, they clearly finally got enough.
d148l0, 28 May 2015I read this here: "don't see enough reason to upgrade from my 5s it's so good already. Wh... more"why spend so much money for just biggest size? rofl"
 
 Why spend so much money for bigger TV? 32" should be enough, right? :); "why spend so much money for just biggest size? rofl"; Why spend so much money for bigger TV? 32" should be enough, right? :)
Duel, 27 May 2015In my opinion she should wait next models. For example girls like to shoot a lot of photos. 5S... moreshe being pressured by colleagues mostly.
 
 i must admit im tempted to get it for her, as she gets this wide glistening eyes looking at the 6+; she being pressured by colleagues mostly.; i must admit im tempted to get it for her, as she gets this wide glistening eyes looking at the 6+
I thought it really thought it would have more than 1gb RAM. Comparison to Galaxy S6: 
 Processor
 
 iphone 6: Dual core, 1.4 ghz
 Galaxy S6:QUAD core, 1.5 ghz
 
 RAM
 
 iphone6: 1gb
 Galaxy S6: 3gb
 
 Both of these phones fit into the samse price group, however if you look closer at the specs, the galaxy S6 gives you more for your money. I would say the cameras are on each phones are both excellent.
 
 Overall, I think the Galaxy S6 is the best phone unless you insist on using the ios os; I thought it really thought it would have more than 1gb RAM. Comparison to Galaxy S6:; Processor; iphone 6: Dual core, 1.4 ghz; Galaxy S6:QUAD core, 1.5 ghz; RAM; iphone6: 1gb; Galaxy S6: 3gb; Both of these phones fit into the samse price group, however if you look closer at the specs, the galaxy S6 gives you more for your money. I would say the cameras are on each phones are both excellent.; Overall, I think the Galaxy S6 is the best phone unless you insist on using the ios os
I read this here: "don't see enough reason to upgrade from my 5s it's so good already. Why she want 6+? The size is the biggest difference."
 => why spend so much money for just biggest size? rofl; I read this here: "don't see enough reason to upgrade from my 5s it's so good already. Why she want 6+? The size is the biggest difference."; => why spend so much money for just biggest size? rofl
Slave to your S5, 28 May 2015Haha.. Your S5. iPhone 6 live for us. You live for S5. Why? Notifications are meant to... moreThe mute button is in the notification bar and if you find that difficult, maybe you shouldn't be left around technology. 
 
 iphone does not "live" for you. It's a $100 phone sold as $600 simply because of its gullible customer basis and corporate greed. It doesn't even make the top 5 best smartphones of most if not all tech magazines out there. Trust me, if your iphone would "live" or care for you, they wouldn't be charging you for what is ultimately a cheap mediocre phone.; The mute button is in the notification bar and if you find that difficult, maybe you shouldn't be left around technology.; iphone does not "live" for you. It's a $100 phone sold as $600 simply because of its gullible customer basis and corporate greed. It doesn't even make the top 5 best smartphones of most if not all tech magazines out there. Trust me, if your iphone would "live" or care for you, they wouldn't be charging you for what is ultimately a cheap mediocre phone.
Original-Jamaican, 27 May 2015First of all I don't believe in trolling. Mayn times I read various reviews from thie site and... moreHaha.. Your S5. 
 
 iPhone 6 live for us. You live for S5. 
 
 Why? Notifications are meant to be there, until we feel a need to check it.
 
 And here your S5 is there bothering you every time, when some person tweet you..
 
 Just like you endlessly have to tweak every features and sets.. iPhone 6 works out of the box.
 
 S5 demand all your time, and drains your life. iPhone 6 enhances your life, so you can carry on your everyday life with ease.
 
 When you are in a quiet room with lots of people... you are sure to hear that irritating samsung notification sound? Why? Because given all the "advancement" in Samsung.. they forgot a simple Mute button.; Haha.. Your S5.; iPhone 6 live for us. You live for S5.; Why? Notifications are meant to be there, until we feel a need to check it.; And here your S5 is there bothering you every time, when some person tweet you..; Just like you endlessly have to tweak every features and sets.. iPhone 6 works out of the box.; S5 demand all your time, and drains your life. iPhone 6 enhances your life, so you can carry on your everyday life with ease.; When you are in a quiet room with lots of people... you are sure to hear that irritating samsung notification sound? Why? Because given all the "advancement" in Samsung.. they forgot a simple Mute button.
Original-Jamaican, 27 May 2015First of all I don't believe in trolling. Mayn times I read various reviews from thie site and... moreIt's impossible to read your comment but i got this from it "I recently learnt that when iOS goes to sleep, whatever game/app is running will close and you will lose unsaved data"
 
 This isn't true, also most of games have autosave option. I have NEVER lost any unsaved data in any app, just yesterday my battery from iPad ran out during photo editing with photoshop and i thought i lost my edited pic but when the device went on the picture was in edit mode already again even when i didn't save the image.
 
 
 not sure where you got this information?; It's impossible to read your comment but i got this from it "I recently learnt that when iOS goes to sleep, whatever game/app is running will close and you will lose unsaved data"; This isn't true, also most of games have autosave option. I have NEVER lost any unsaved data in any app, just yesterday my battery from iPad ran out during photo editing with photoshop and i thought i lost my edited pic but when the device went on the picture was in edit mode already again even when i didn't save the image.; not sure where you got this information?
meraana, 27 May 2015IPhone 6 or Xperia z3 plz answer me!!?? Iphone 6! If you have read the reviews about z3 compact galaxy alpha! You may understand why i recommend you an iphone 6; Iphone 6! If you have read the reviews about z3 compact galaxy alpha! You may understand why i recommend you an iphone 6
Anonymous, 27 May 2015"Worth the money" So in your eyes give you more cores / more ghz means more "... moreFirst of all I don't believe in trolling. Mayn times I read various reviews from thie site and don't comment but I feel the need to comment on this post:
 
 ""Worth the money" So in your eyes give you more cores / more ghz means more "worth the money"??? Think man.. think! The phone is fast and smooth, the UI is easy to use and understand, THAT is "Worth the money". Who give a damn about 10925089385 cores, or 2093058395 ghz, when it lags and sometimes fails in its given task? Who give a damn if its 504385934857MP, and could not respond fast enough to take a good moment picture?? If you are non technical person, don't worry about specs! You do not even begin to understand the power of this tiny dual core phone. Just trust your own five senses! If you are technical person, shame on you, brush up your skills, learn more about what makes a GOOD phone, and why its designed like this."
 
 Give credit where credit is due. 
 
 "when it lags and sometimes fails in its given task?"
 
 That statement doesn't apply for the S5...maybe for a entry-level Android but not for a highend flaship like the S5. I own a S5 and it's fast, buttery smooth and reliable. It has NEVER crashed, nor hung, nor froze. I have never had to do a battery pull and I have owned it for 8 months 10 days. 
 
 "not respond fast enough to take a good moment picture?"
 
 My S5 camera loads up quickly and snaps photos quickly and they are gerneally crystal clear. Remember the flagship camera shooutout right here on GSMArena? Which phone came out as the overall winner? The S5!!!
 
 I won't even get into specifications all I need you to know that there are very reliable Androids out there and while some people said the S5 isn't user friendly...it's as easy as ABC to me and there's that joy feeling when you find out something new in terms of functionality. 
 
 I'm not biased but I want value for money and that's what the Galaxy S line gives me. As GSMArena said, the Galaxy S line is the trendsetter.
 
 I recently learnt that when iOS goes to sleep, whatever game/app is running will close and you will lose unsaved data. That's a major turn off and that doesn't happen with my S5. Not to mention the notification LED on the Galaxy S line (and quite a few Android smartphones) is a big plus which easily lets you know if there's a missed call, SMS, MMS, e-mail, scheduled appointment, app notification, software updates etc. all with a quick glance. In other words your phone can be on the couch etc. you walk by it take a quick glance and know if your attention is needed ny a blinking LED light. I don't have to pick up the phone and press a button to see if they are any alerts. Now that's functionality. Talk about reliability, functionality, features, excellent specifications and good battery life...that's my Galaxy S5. They don't call it a super smartphone for no reason.; First of all I don't believe in trolling. Mayn times I read various reviews from thie site and don't comment but I feel the need to comment on this post:; ""Worth the money" So in your eyes give you more cores / more ghz means more "worth the money"??? Think man.. think! The phone is fast and smooth, the UI is easy to use and understand, THAT is "Worth the money". Who give a damn about 10925089385 cores, or 2093058395 ghz, when it lags and sometimes fails in its given task? Who give a damn if its 504385934857MP, and could not respond fast enough to take a good moment picture?? If you are non technical person, don't worry about specs! You do not even begin to understand the power of this tiny dual core phone. Just trust your own five senses! If you are technical person, shame on you, brush up your skills, learn more about what makes a GOOD phone, and why its designed like this."; Give credit where credit is due.; "when it lags and sometimes fails in its given task?"; That statement doesn't apply for the S5...maybe for a entry-level Android but not for a highend flaship like the S5. I own a S5 and it's fast, buttery smooth and reliable. It has NEVER crashed, nor hung, nor froze. I have never had to do a battery pull and I have owned it for 8 months 10 days.; "not respond fast enough to take a good moment picture?"; My S5 camera loads up quickly and snaps photos quickly and they are gerneally crystal clear. Remember the flagship camera shooutout right here on GSMArena? Which phone came out as the overall winner? The S5!!!; I won't even get into specifications all I need you to know that there are very reliable Androids out there and while some people said the S5 isn't user friendly...it's as easy as ABC to me and there's that joy feeling when you find out something new in terms of functionality.; I'm not biased but I want value for money and that's what the Galaxy S line gives me. As GSMArena said, the Galaxy S line is the trendsetter.; I recently learnt that when iOS goes to sleep, whatever game/app is running will close and you will lose unsaved data. That's a major turn off and that doesn't happen with my S5. Not to mention the notification LED on the Galaxy S line (and quite a few Android smartphones) is a big plus which easily lets you know if there's a missed call, SMS, MMS, e-mail, scheduled appointment, app notification, software updates etc. all with a quick glance. In other words your phone can be on the couch etc. you walk by it take a quick glance and know if your attention is needed ny a blinking LED light. I don't have to pick up the phone and press a button to see if they are any alerts. Now that's functionality. Talk about reliability, functionality, features, excellent specifications and good battery life...that's my Galaxy S5. They don't call it a super smartphone for no reason.
Anonymous, 27 May 2015DUEL COME BACK! on a side note - my girlfriends keep eyeing an iphone 6+, yall reckon that... moreIn my opinion she should wait next models. For example girls like to shoot a lot of photos. 5S vs 6+ camera difference isn't that big and 5S camera is already surprisingly good for it's age.
 
 But if she want bigger screen then it's her choice, but well i'm waiting the next model to update, don't see enough reason to upgrade from my 5s it's so good already.
 
 Why she want 6+? The size is the biggest difference.; In my opinion she should wait next models. For example girls like to shoot a lot of photos. 5S vs 6+ camera difference isn't that big and 5S camera is already surprisingly good for it's age.; But if she want bigger screen then it's her choice, but well i'm waiting the next model to update, don't see enough reason to upgrade from my 5s it's so good already.; Why she want 6+? The size is the biggest difference.
Anonymous, 27 May 2015DUEL COME BACK! on a side note - my girlfriends keep eyeing an iphone 6+, yall reckon that... moredude if you love your girlfriend go buy the 6+ for her she gonna love it
 maybe not worth for you but worth for your girlfriend; dude if you love your girlfriend go buy the 6+ for her she gonna love it; maybe not worth for you but worth for your girlfriend
Anonymous, 27 May 2015iPhone 6S. No one will get any androids this year. Qualcomm did not release any good chips... moreQualcomm did not make the exynos 7420....; Qualcomm did not make the exynos 7420....
DUEL COME BACK! 
 
 on a side note - my girlfriends keep eyeing an iphone 6+, yall reckon thats a huge change from a 5s? 
 
 i just dont think its worth the change for now - maybe its its from 4s to 6/6+ it would be - for mid range earners,price is still a huge consideration. 
 
 Opinions are very welcome. please advise; DUEL COME BACK!; on a side note - my girlfriends keep eyeing an iphone 6+, yall reckon thats a huge change from a 5s?; i just dont think its worth the change for now - maybe its its from 4s to 6/6+ it would be - for mid range earners,price is still a huge consideration.; Opinions are very welcome. please advise
aeor, 27 May 2015unless you are brain-damaged kid, go for android. look up some indie brands (in terms of weste... moreGuys keep hating, you guys are doing excellent job and giving Apple lot of free advertising, wonder they sell so well because even haters talking about them every day.
 
 Daily interest 57% (highest in a long time) two weeks ago iPhone 6 dropped from gsmarena trending phone list and last weekend it was in place 4. You guys doing great job and more and more people find the iPhone and other Apple devices.; Guys keep hating, you guys are doing excellent job and giving Apple lot of free advertising, wonder they sell so well because even haters talking about them every day.; Daily interest 57% (highest in a long time) two weeks ago iPhone 6 dropped from gsmarena trending phone list and last weekend it was in place 4. You guys doing great job and more and more people find the iPhone and other Apple devices.
aeor, 27 May 2015unless you are brain-damaged kid, go for android. look up some indie brands (in terms of weste... moreIf you hate iPhone so much, they why do you visit "read opinion" section for iPhone so many times ?; If you hate iPhone so much, they why do you visit "read opinion" section for iPhone so many times ?
Akib, 27 May 2015can I transfer file or apps from iphone 6 to android?No you can't ,but you can send audio video files via xender .; No you can't ,but you can send audio video files via xender .
chang , 23 May 2015 Guys m thinking to buy a phone... Which one to buy iPhone or Android???? M confused unless you are brain-damaged kid, go for android. look up some indie brands (in terms of western market) like oppo, xiaomi, oneplus1. those brands mostly provide high quality phones, with decent or very good hardware, for reasonable price. including their flagship devices. iphone although highly overpriced though, (not mentioning hardware specs you can laugh about i guess) they maintain their devices update for incredibly long. that doesn't go for android, sadly. but that's all about the good points, in terms of apps, you'll find android versions are often free, whilst their iOS counterparts are not. say it pleco (a dictionary available for both platforms). overall, i'm not satisfied enough with apple's to say it's worth the money.; unless you are brain-damaged kid, go for android. look up some indie brands (in terms of western market) like oppo, xiaomi, oneplus1. those brands mostly provide high quality phones, with decent or very good hardware, for reasonable price. including their flagship devices. iphone although highly overpriced though, (not mentioning hardware specs you can laugh about i guess) they maintain their devices update for incredibly long. that doesn't go for android, sadly. but that's all about the good points, in terms of apps, you'll find android versions are often free, whilst their iOS counterparts are not. say it pleco (a dictionary available for both platforms). overall, i'm not satisfied enough with apple's to say it's worth the money.
Anonymous, 26 May 2015its the branding too. Apple is expensive because its Apple. Any branded clothes uses the... moreGreat bro great!!!!!!; Great bro great!!!!!!
can I transfer file or apps from iphone 6 to android?; can I transfer file or apps from iphone 6 to android?
meraana, 27 May 2015IPhone 6 or Xperia z3 plz answer me!!?? iPhone 6S. 
 
 No one will get any androids this year. Qualcomm did not release any good chipsets. 
 
 Unless you looking for cheap alternatives because of your budget.; iPhone 6S.; No one will get any androids this year. Qualcomm did not release any good chipsets.; Unless you looking for cheap alternatives because of your budget.
phanimvr, 27 May 2015The hardware ain't old but not worth the money Apple demands. iOS and Android are two differen... more"Worth the money"
 
 So in your eyes give you more cores / more ghz means more "worth the money"???
 
 Think man.. think! The phone is fast and smooth, the UI is easy to use and understand, THAT is "Worth the money". 
 
 Who give a damn about 10925089385 cores, or 2093058395 ghz, when it lags and sometimes fails in its given task?
 
 Who give a damn if its 504385934857MP, and could not respond fast enough to take a good moment picture??
 
 If you are non technical person, don't worry about specs! You do not even begin to understand the power of this tiny dual core phone. Just trust your own five senses!
 
 If you are technical person, shame on you, brush up your skills, learn more about what makes a GOOD phone, and why its designed like this.; "Worth the money"; So in your eyes give you more cores / more ghz means more "worth the money"???; Think man.. think! The phone is fast and smooth, the UI is easy to use and understand, THAT is "Worth the money".; Who give a damn about 10925089385 cores, or 2093058395 ghz, when it lags and sometimes fails in its given task?; Who give a damn if its 504385934857MP, and could not respond fast enough to take a good moment picture??; If you are non technical person, don't worry about specs! You do not even begin to understand the power of this tiny dual core phone. Just trust your own five senses!; If you are technical person, shame on you, brush up your skills, learn more about what makes a GOOD phone, and why its designed like this.
Henry, 25 May 2015I have had my I phone 6 plus 2 months initially I thought it was a dream, then all hell starte... moreThis is the first bizarre problem I ever read.
 
 Chances are you gmail was hacked due to some of the apps that requests unwanted access. And also consider that it may have been hacked from your PC or some other forums which you signed up using your gmail account.; This is the first bizarre problem I ever read.; Chances are you gmail was hacked due to some of the apps that requests unwanted access. And also consider that it may have been hacked from your PC or some other forums which you signed up using your gmail account.
I believe all comments are coming from android Fanboy. hehehehe.; I believe all comments are coming from android Fanboy. hehehehe.
IPhone 6 or Xperia z3 plz answer me!!??; IPhone 6 or Xperia z3 plz answer me!!??
Anonymous, 26 May 2015The hardware aint old. You do not understand, thats why you are confused like all those and... moreThe hardware ain't old but not worth the money Apple demands. iOS and Android are two different platforms with different requirements to run smooth. The ultimate difference and selling point is iOS and it's iApps. Otherwise i don't think this deserves that huge price. Buying an Apple is always luxurious and it doesnt mean it is perfect. Nothing is perfect BTW.; The hardware ain't old but not worth the money Apple demands. iOS and Android are two different platforms with different requirements to run smooth. The ultimate difference and selling point is iOS and it's iApps. Otherwise i don't think this deserves that huge price. Buying an Apple is always luxurious and it doesnt mean it is perfect. Nothing is perfect BTW.
Henry, 25 May 2015I have had my I phone 6 plus 2 months initially I thought it was a dream, then all hell starte... moreYou were just unlucky, that can happen to anybody with any phone.; You were just unlucky, that can happen to anybody with any phone.
I think dual sim option will be a good idea for iPhone 6s; I think dual sim option will be a good idea for iPhone 6s
Iphone do not have errors reason y they do not need more than 1 GB Ram. The camera has a sensor and some other components that make the perfect pic. The LG G4 and the Samsung s6 specs sound really incredible, but the only one with sensor is the G4 which make a beautiful pics at night, image stabilization is not that reliable. this makes Iphone camera a 32 Mp camera. In terms of softward, the Iphone 4 is still on and Apple is going to make an special update for it. so it won't go obsolete by now. I am a Samsung user, and the camera of the samsung s5 is amazing but any slight movement make the pic horrible, that never happens to the Iphone's cam.; Iphone do not have errors reason y they do not need more than 1 GB Ram. The camera has a sensor and some other components that make the perfect pic. The LG G4 and the Samsung s6 specs sound really incredible, but the only one with sensor is the G4 which make a beautiful pics at night, image stabilization is not that reliable. this makes Iphone camera a 32 Mp camera. In terms of softward, the Iphone 4 is still on and Apple is going to make an special update for it. so it won't go obsolete by now. I am a Samsung user, and the camera of the samsung s5 is amazing but any slight movement make the pic horrible, that never happens to the Iphone's cam.
its the branding too.
 
 Apple is expensive because its Apple.
 
 Any branded clothes uses the same cloth, the same thread purchased from the same manufacturers as lowcost brand but, an Armani shirt will cost more than a GAP.
 
 To question such things is ridiculously stupid.
 
 
 Apple is expensive because its Apple.
 Armani is expensive because its Armani.
 
 how to get to that level of expensiveness is a totally different conversation altogether; its the branding too.; Apple is expensive because its Apple.; Any branded clothes uses the same cloth, the same thread purchased from the same manufacturers as lowcost brand but, an Armani shirt will cost more than a GAP.; To question such things is ridiculously stupid.; Apple is expensive because its Apple.; Armani is expensive because its Armani.; how to get to that level of expensiveness is a totally different conversation altogether
ashvini sharma, 26 May 2015Yes, you are right iphone hardware is old. iPhone HW designed and created by Samsung. while Sa... more"iPhone HW designed and created by Samsung"
 
 iPhone chip is designed by Apple and created by Apple and manufactured by samsung, so samsung has nothing to do with the chip itself they are just slave who build what Apple designed.; "iPhone HW designed and created by Samsung"; iPhone chip is designed by Apple and created by Apple and manufactured by samsung, so samsung has nothing to do with the chip itself they are just slave who build what Apple designed.
True opinion, 18 May 2015Just don't want anyone to have same problems I had. Apple OS is one of the safest out there I'... moreIs it possible that Apple installed a program that breaks the phone when it is jailbroken?; Is it possible that Apple installed a program that breaks the phone when it is jailbroken?
Tomoya Hashizawa, 25 May 2015before u say anything about iphone...have u use it before...apple camera is the best.. even it... moreNope, Samsung S6 and LG G4 have the better cameras now.; Nope, Samsung S6 and LG G4 have the better cameras now.
Anonymous, 25 May 2015If iphone hardware is old, like the dual core and low mp camera, low res display and such, why... moreYes, you are right iphone hardware is old. iPhone HW designed and created by Samsung. while Samsung is putting latest hardware in their phones. 
 Actually, entire cost of iPhone is from Software. Despite of using old hardware Apple is capable of doing great job in comparison to any other phone.
 If you watch their OS launch seminar, you will get to know what innovations they do in software. And they charges from us.; Yes, you are right iphone hardware is old. iPhone HW designed and created by Samsung. while Samsung is putting latest hardware in their phones.; Actually, entire cost of iPhone is from Software. Despite of using old hardware Apple is capable of doing great job in comparison to any other phone.; If you watch their OS launch seminar, you will get to know what innovations they do in software. And they charges from us.
Anonymous, 25 May 2015If iphone hardware is old, like the dual core and low mp camera, low res display and such, why... moreThe Aluminum Body & iOS System & Apple Pravicy makes iPhone Expensive; The Aluminum Body & iOS System & Apple Pravicy makes iPhone Expensive
this phoneis wonderfull im using this phone last 1year i think its very bad phone when i used this phone its super its camara is 8mp but its camara like15mp i have 8 hd games like nfs counter strike but its not hanging zooming display like 3d btry nt gud; this phoneis wonderfull im using this phone last 1year i think its very bad phone when i used this phone its super its camara is 8mp but its camara like15mp i have 8 hd games like nfs counter strike but its not hanging zooming display like 3d btry nt gud
Anonymous, 25 May 2015If iphone hardware is old, like the dual core and low mp camera, low res display and such, why... moreThe hardware aint old.
 
 You do not understand, thats why you are confused like all those android fanboys and start blaming different unrelated parties.; The hardware aint old.; You do not understand, thats why you are confused like all those android fanboys and start blaming different unrelated parties.
I have had my I phone 6 plus 2 months initially I thought it was a dream, then all hell started I uploaded a Face Book 1 minute video and lost all my contacts then My Gmail was hacked and I again lost all contacts. Having your email hacked is the hardest impossible to fix on a I phone ! I still have it and a fraction of my old contacts however the good news is after the worst events no going from Gmail to Craigs list to Ebay to uploading pictures its like perfect ! Like an engine with 100k miles and you rebuild it the Block is called seasoned ready to perform ! I wouldn't trade it now for a new I phone !
 Very Happy at a emotional price worth it ? 
 I guess it must be.
 Best Regards,
 Henry; I have had my I phone 6 plus 2 months initially I thought it was a dream, then all hell started I uploaded a Face Book 1 minute video and lost all my contacts then My Gmail was hacked and I again lost all contacts. Having your email hacked is the hardest impossible to fix on a I phone ! I still have it and a fraction of my old contacts however the good news is after the worst events no going from Gmail to Craigs list to Ebay to uploading pictures its like perfect ! Like an engine with 100k miles and you rebuild it the Block is called seasoned ready to perform ! I wouldn't trade it now for a new I phone !; Very Happy at a emotional price worth it ?; I guess it must be.; Best Regards,; Henry
If iphone hardware is old, like the dual core and low mp camera, low res display and such, why does is still expensive? Where are the expenses coming from? What make iphone more expensive compare to latest hardware that exist in android that sells cheaper? Iphone is assembled in China but why it still expensive? Everyone always think that China is cheap. Is it status that make iphone over valued or is it the quality? More than that, iphone 5c that is made from plastic is not any less cheaper than iphone 5s, why?; If iphone hardware is old, like the dual core and low mp camera, low res display and such, why does is still expensive? Where are the expenses coming from? What make iphone more expensive compare to latest hardware that exist in android that sells cheaper? Iphone is assembled in China but why it still expensive? Everyone always think that China is cheap. Is it status that make iphone over valued or is it the quality? More than that, iphone 5c that is made from plastic is not any less cheaper than iphone 5s, why?
Tajesh kumar, 23 May 2015buying Apple products it's an investment my IPad 3 runs the last software so smooth. And my iP... moreWas past tense, not i believe win10 will be its competitor, and fraction of price and runs butter smooth to :P.; Was past tense, not i believe win10 will be its competitor, and fraction of price and runs butter smooth to :P.
Anonymous, 24 May 2015I'm not having a dig at iPhone but will correct you. No phone is an investment because you do ... moreGo for 640 Lumia and XL, why pay these prices now?, they even have better battery than these things. Iphone so overated its about status, not what it does LOL; Go for 640 Lumia and XL, why pay these prices now?, they even have better battery than these things. Iphone so overated its about status, not what it does LOL
I don't want to say anything; I don't want to say anything
Pear, 25 May 2015Yes they hold their value, but I would prefer them to actually be better than the competition.... moreExactly......; Exactly......
Good Buy, 25 May 2015Buy a Xiaomi for 100$. Immediately trying to sell it, gets you nothing. Buy iPhone for 1000... moreYes they hold their value, but I would prefer them to actually be better than the competition. In the 1000 dollar phone race, iphones are usually at the bottom. But if you want to compare it with a Xiaomi that is 10 times cheaper and gloat that the iphone is better, maybe that logic does indeed deserve an iphone...; Yes they hold their value, but I would prefer them to actually be better than the competition. In the 1000 dollar phone race, iphones are usually at the bottom. But if you want to compare it with a Xiaomi that is 10 times cheaper and gloat that the iphone is better, maybe that logic does indeed deserve an iphone...
Buy a Xiaomi for 100$. Immediately trying to sell it, gets you nothing.
 
 Buy iPhone for 1000$. A few years down the road you still can sell for good price.
 
 Same with Mac. Good resell value, you buy alienware? A few years sell for nothing, or you will have a hard time selling, unless you bundle with MS Office or something.
 
 Nothing can beat the fact that iPhones and Macs are more resell-able, and there is huge demand for it.; Buy a Xiaomi for 100$. Immediately trying to sell it, gets you nothing.; Buy iPhone for 1000$. A few years down the road you still can sell for good price.; Same with Mac. Good resell value, you buy alienware? A few years sell for nothing, or you will have a hard time selling, unless you bundle with MS Office or something.; Nothing can beat the fact that iPhones and Macs are more resell-able, and there is huge demand for it.
Anonymous, 24 May 2015I knew it a novice will sprout up with no knowledge as how investment works. In simple Englis... moreBefore you pretend you are clever try learning English. iPhones do hold its price better than other brands yes but not as much as you are making out. Try explaining your logic properly and stop blubbering on about stuff you don't understand.; Before you pretend you are clever try learning English. iPhones do hold its price better than other brands yes but not as much as you are making out. Try explaining your logic properly and stop blubbering on about stuff you don't understand.
Anonymous, 23 May 2015Another novice with limited knowledge on IPhone. The same features you mentioned out perform y... morebefore u say anything about iphone...have u use it before...apple camera is the best.. even its dual core best android quad core smartphone...do some research first before bashing here LOL; before u say anything about iphone...have u use it before...apple camera is the best.. even its dual core best android quad core smartphone...do some research first before bashing here LOL
Anonymous, 24 May 2015You know what's funny, the fact that no one ever compare iphone with Microsoft Lumia flagship ... moreI agree; I agree
Anonymous, 24 May 2015I'm not having a dig at iPhone but will correct you. No phone is an investment because you do ... moreI knew it a novice will sprout up with no knowledge as how investment works. In simple English investment means you buy a phone which will still be pertinent in couple of years to come. I tried to adhere to context to simply aid your psyche. Cease to be delusional and ignoramus. Where is Note 1 and Note 2 where is s4 and s3 and s6. Where are your all Samsung tablets because they are also Samsung note tablets. IPhone means investment unless you're fiscally reckless; I knew it a novice will sprout up with no knowledge as how investment works. In simple English investment means you buy a phone which will still be pertinent in couple of years to come. I tried to adhere to context to simply aid your psyche. Cease to be delusional and ignoramus. Where is Note 1 and Note 2 where is s4 and s3 and s6. Where are your all Samsung tablets because they are also Samsung note tablets. IPhone means investment unless you're fiscally reckless
Is finally decided,iphone delivers on now to Models each year, survives and prices donot fall drastically. May main feathers and Cons lke speakers, bluetooth, Bla Bla Bla have even now detered is customers. Last have Seen n indopak even kooli rikshaw derivers, and clerks still have from 3s to 4s Models. Allen think is God gifted but everyday is nothing sunday. Apple will vast n thin, Air, sunday.; Is finally decided,iphone delivers on now to Models each year, survives and prices donot fall drastically. May main feathers and Cons lke speakers, bluetooth, Bla Bla Bla have even now detered is customers. Last have Seen n indopak even kooli rikshaw derivers, and clerks still have from 3s to 4s Models. Allen think is God gifted but everyday is nothing sunday. Apple will vast n thin, Air, sunday.
You know what's funny, the fact that no one ever compare iphone with Microsoft Lumia flagship or Blackberry flagship. It always all android Samsung, LG or HTC that get to be compared with.; You know what's funny, the fact that no one ever compare iphone with Microsoft Lumia flagship or Blackberry flagship. It always all android Samsung, LG or HTC that get to be compared with.
Tajesh kumar, 23 May 2015buying Apple products it's an investment my IPad 3 runs the last software so smooth. And my iP... moreI'm not having a dig at iPhone but will correct you. No phone is an investment because you do not get a greater return when you sell the phone. What you should of said was iPhone holds its value longer.; I'm not having a dig at iPhone but will correct you. No phone is an investment because you do not get a greater return when you sell the phone. What you should of said was iPhone holds its value longer.
spun, 23 May 2015Last weekend a group of us went to do some mountain climbing and spent the night in tents...my... moreI am sure you were using ur ph thoughout the way, eventually, it will turn off.; I am sure you were using ur ph thoughout the way, eventually, it will turn off.
gabagabby, 22 May 2015You know what I think? I think Apple should give better specifications to their phones in the ... moreAnother novice with limited knowledge on IPhone. The same features you mentioned out perform your triple quad core. IPhone camera is the best. Do research before abash yourself here.; Another novice with limited knowledge on IPhone. The same features you mentioned out perform your triple quad core. IPhone camera is the best. Do research before abash yourself here.
buying Apple products it's an investment my IPad 3 runs the last software so smooth. And my iPhone 5 runs the latest software so smooth. Android is behind. Look, S5 is now forgotten whilst people can't even afford poor glass s6. IPhone is the best period; buying Apple products it's an investment my IPad 3 runs the last software so smooth. And my iPhone 5 runs the latest software so smooth. Android is behind. Look, S5 is now forgotten whilst people can't even afford poor glass s6. IPhone is the best period
chang , 23 May 2015 Guys m thinking to buy a phone... Which one to buy iPhone or Android???? M confused To be honest all the latest phones are pretty much on par with each other. They are all quick easy to use and have good cameras. I think the deciding factor for each person should be design preference. Usually if you like hardware on a phone people tend to go with android. If you prefer quick easy software people go for iPhone. There is no massive speed difference despite hardware or software so just go for what you like the look of and don't be persuaded by fanboys because it's your money not theirs.; To be honest all the latest phones are pretty much on par with each other. They are all quick easy to use and have good cameras. I think the deciding factor for each person should be design preference. Usually if you like hardware on a phone people tend to go with android. If you prefer quick easy software people go for iPhone. There is no massive speed difference despite hardware or software so just go for what you like the look of and don't be persuaded by fanboys because it's your money not theirs.
spun, 23 May 2015Last weekend a group of us went to do some mountain climbing and spent the night in tents...my... morewell bro....may be ur a new gentle man for using a phone.
 better look further for greater looks of iphone. hope u got it ...that no other company can replace apple.; well bro....may be ur a new gentle man for using a phone.; better look further for greater looks of iphone. hope u got it ...that no other company can replace apple.
Battery duration is good. If u use on 3G or Wifi for social networking extensively it will give u 18 hrs. If u use it for calls, sms or normal social networking it can give u more than that.; Battery duration is good. If u use on 3G or Wifi for social networking extensively it will give u 18 hrs. If u use it for calls, sms or normal social networking it can give u more than that.
Guys m thinking to buy a phone... Which one to buy iPhone or Android???? M confused; Guys m thinking to buy a phone... Which one to buy iPhone or Android???? M confused
Duel, 20 May 2015What part of message you didn't understand? "Its very interesting to see 6 months old ... morehttp://9to5mac.com/2015/05/22/ios-9-os-x-10-11-t­o-bring-quality-focus-smaller-apps-rootless-secu­rity-legacy-iphoneipad-support/
Sam Rohab, 22 May 2015I am going to buy a new iphone 6. Please advise about the battery life. And which color is bet... moreGold...; Gold...
spun, 23 May 2015Last weekend a group of us went to do some mountain climbing and spent the night in tents...my... moreWell said sir; Well said sir
Anonymous, 22 May 2015Love or hate. People are always drawn to iPhones. People normally learn after 1 mistake. Y... moreLast weekend a group of us went to do some mountain climbing and spent the night in tents...my iphone 6 was gone half-way through the day, my friends' iphone 5 died a few hours after we left base. The only thing we could rely on were the new Edges that 2 of my mates have and strangely enough, a Moto E 2nd gen, which probably performed the best. We also took pictures with the Edge and it outshone the iphone 6 pics. So yes, your brain and certain brains prefer the blandness of iphones, but i am now 5 months in with my iphone 6 and i am literally counting down the days until i can upgrade back to LG or Samsung...the fact that people value a phone that has poorer battery life, poorer camera and less user-friendly and personality features than other competitors, is baffling to me...but i learned my lesson, no more iphones for me. Next time, I will pay the extra money and get a better phone...the Edge is almost 200 quid/dollar more than the iphone 6, so not everybody can afford it, but I would definitely recommend if you can....; Last weekend a group of us went to do some mountain climbing and spent the night in tents...my iphone 6 was gone half-way through the day, my friends' iphone 5 died a few hours after we left base. The only thing we could rely on were the new Edges that 2 of my mates have and strangely enough, a Moto E 2nd gen, which probably performed the best. We also took pictures with the Edge and it outshone the iphone 6 pics. So yes, your brain and certain brains prefer the blandness of iphones, but i am now 5 months in with my iphone 6 and i am literally counting down the days until i can upgrade back to LG or Samsung...the fact that people value a phone that has poorer battery life, poorer camera and less user-friendly and personality features than other competitors, is baffling to me...but i learned my lesson, no more iphones for me. Next time, I will pay the extra money and get a better phone...the Edge is almost 200 quid/dollar more than the iphone 6, so not everybody can afford it, but I would definitely recommend if you can....
maxx, 22 May 2015surely you did not own an iphone. I dont own it but my gf does.; I dont own it but my gf does.
gabagabby, 22 May 2015You know what I think? I think Apple should give better specifications to their phones in the ... moreIphones dont have errors reason Y it does not need more than 1 GB ram.; Iphones dont have errors reason Y it does not need more than 1 GB ram.
Glad to see Duel is still making comments. Its pure entertainment to read.
 
 Sadly I have yet to transition to iphone 6 but really looking forward to iphone 6s XD
 
 keep it coming. I still believe performance > paper specs -
 
 Regardless of the paper specs of iphone, its been optimized to perform the same if not better than androids. Although, the new flagships are remarkably amazing as well. (M9 and s6); Glad to see Duel is still making comments. Its pure entertainment to read.; Sadly I have yet to transition to iphone 6 but really looking forward to iphone 6s XD; keep it coming. I still believe performance > paper specs -; Regardless of the paper specs of iphone, its been optimized to perform the same if not better than androids. Although, the new flagships are remarkably amazing as well. (M9 and s6)
Sam Rohab, 22 May 2015I am going to buy a new iphone 6. Please advise about the battery life. And which color is bet... moreBattery life: http://www.gsmarena.com/apple_iphone_6-review-11­41p3.php 
 
 Personally, Space Grey looks the best.; Battery life:; Personally, Space Grey looks the best.
I am going to buy a new iphone 6. Please advise about the battery life. And which color is better gold or space grey ?; I am going to buy a new iphone 6. Please advise about the battery life. And which color is better gold or space grey ?
gabagabby, 22 May 2015You know what I think? I think Apple should give better specifications to their phones in the ... moresurely you did not own an iphone.; surely you did not own an iphone.
You know what I think? I think Apple should give better specifications to their phones in the future if apple still insist on its price range. Cmonn. 8Mp cam and 1 gb ram for a smartphone with the price of motorcycle? Damn.; You know what I think? I think Apple should give better specifications to their phones in the future if apple still insist on its price range. Cmonn. 8Mp cam and 1 gb ram for a smartphone with the price of motorcycle? Damn.
Meladyx, 21 May 2015You can't very well speak for everyone else. I've had both the 4S and the 5S, and both times ... moreLove or hate. People are always drawn to iPhones. 
 
 People normally learn after 1 mistake. You change from S2 to 4S should be enough, but you change yet again for N5 to 5S. 
 
 So maybe customisation is your key, yet your brain still bring you back to iPhones.; Love or hate. People are always drawn to iPhones.; People normally learn after 1 mistake. You change from S2 to 4S should be enough, but you change yet again for N5 to 5S.; So maybe customisation is your key, yet your brain still bring you back to iPhones.
Avinavv, 20 May 2015so many pages, so many comments. so much support, so much bashing. so much love, and so much... moreYou can't very well speak for everyone else.
 I've had both the 4S and the 5S, and both times I've regretted switching from Android (switched from S2 to 4S, switched from Nexus 5 to 5S). Customization is key.; You can't very well speak for everyone else.; I've had both the 4S and the 5S, and both times I've regretted switching from Android (switched from S2 to 4S, switched from Nexus 5 to 5S). Customization is key.
Good phone. Keep out of reach of kids.
 
 If you have Macbook, you become a true mobile warrior :); Good phone. Keep out of reach of kids.; If you have Macbook, you become a true mobile warrior :)
Dangerous giving any phone with a high price tag to kids.
 I have heard many reports of children getting mugged for their phones.
 I have also seen kids selling their flagship phones even when they have only been available for a few months.
 Kids do not and never will appreciate the value of high end tech and parents that allow this are highly irresponsible.; Dangerous giving any phone with a high price tag to kids.; I have heard many reports of children getting mugged for their phones.; I have also seen kids selling their flagship phones even when they have only been available for a few months.; Kids do not and never will appreciate the value of high end tech and parents that allow this are highly irresponsible.
Anonymous, 21 May 2015Exactly. I don't understand why people hate iphone. Just one thing though, what you guys think... moreThis is what you call, parents using money to buy their time.
 
 By right, one should always spend time to rise their children by themselves.
 
 But now because of iPads, iPhones, the parents simply give the gadget to their child and there play.. so we as adults can do other things.
 
 This is bad for children upbringing in the future. But yes, blame the parents, not the gadgets, as people can make their choice.; This is what you call, parents using money to buy their time.; By right, one should always spend time to rise their children by themselves.; But now because of iPads, iPhones, the parents simply give the gadget to their child and there play.. so we as adults can do other things.; This is bad for children upbringing in the future. But yes, blame the parents, not the gadgets, as people can make their choice.
Avinavv, 20 May 2015so many pages, so many comments. so much support, so much bashing. so much love, and so much... moreExactly. I don't understand why people hate iphone. Just one thing though, what you guys think when you see children or toddlers age 3-10 having an iphone 6. I felt enrage seeing them have iphone at that age. We adult treat our phone like gold but they just use it simply as a toy. I hate seeing that. My niece toss her iphone around like it a piece of useless plastic toy. Why parent buy this for their toddler? I just don't get it. They must be super rich brats.; Exactly. I don't understand why people hate iphone. Just one thing though, what you guys think when you see children or toddlers age 3-10 having an iphone 6. I felt enrage seeing them have iphone at that age. We adult treat our phone like gold but they just use it simply as a toy. I hate seeing that. My niece toss her iphone around like it a piece of useless plastic toy. Why parent buy this for their toddler? I just don't get it. They must be super rich brats.
This is a very good phone. I'm reeally glad with this phone.
 Ingrid Ostenford; This is a very good phone. I'm reeally glad with this phone.; Ingrid Ostenford
Anonymous, 20 May 2015Daily interest 53% thats a new record in a long time. Its very interesting to see 6 months old... moreWhat part of message you didn't understand?
 
 "Its very interesting to see 6 months old phone getting more and more hits"; What part of message you didn't understand?; "Its very interesting to see 6 months old phone getting more and more hits"
Daily interest 53% thats a new record in a long time. Its very interesting to see 6 months old phone getting more and more hits.
 
 Yep absolutely smashes the galaxy s6 measly 93%. Fool.; Daily interest 53% thats a new record in a long time. Its very interesting to see 6 months old phone getting more and more hits.; Yep absolutely smashes the galaxy s6 measly 93%. Fool.
Cape Town, 20 May 2015My iphone 6 is nothing but a beast that decimate all phones. no more android phone againYes, your Galaxy Ace was probably a bit weaker than the iphone 6...but so you know, it does not decimate, pick up a tech magazine or try an S6 x; Yes, your Galaxy Ace was probably a bit weaker than the iphone 6...but so you know, it does not decimate, pick up a tech magazine or try an S6 x
My iphone 6 is nothing but a beast that decimate all phones. no more android phone again; My iphone 6 is nothing but a beast that decimate all phones. no more android phone again
so many pages, so many comments.
 so much support, so much bashing.
 so much love, and so much hate.
 
 The shortest way to review this master handset is the famous tagline of apple itself: "If you don't have an iPhone, you don't have an iPhone.". It says it all. Just one little addition to this statement - "And if you hate iPhone, you've probably never had iPhone.".
 
 P. S.: I am someone who has used various high-end android devices for more than 4 years and who used to hate iOS and iPhone just like all the people bashing and criticizing it out here. I moved to iOS for the first time ever with the iPhone 6 in December last year. It is actually the ultimate handset you can own, but you will only believe this when you'll own it once.; so many pages, so many comments.; so much support, so much bashing.; so much love, and so much hate.; The shortest way to review this master handset is the famous tagline of apple itself: "If you don't have an iPhone, you don't have an iPhone.". It says it all. Just one little addition to this statement - "And if you hate iPhone, you've probably never had iPhone.".; P. S.: I am someone who has used various high-end android devices for more than 4 years and who used to hate iOS and iPhone just like all the people bashing and criticizing it out here. I moved to iOS for the first time ever with the iPhone 6 in December last year. It is actually the ultimate handset you can own, but you will only believe this when you'll own it once.
Anonymous, 19 May 2015Androids phones all share the same OS and chipsets. Thats why they all lag the same, their mak... moreYes. Pay for performance not hardware.
 
 If the end result is a good and speedy phone. Who cares about the specs.; Yes. Pay for performance not hardware.; If the end result is a good and speedy phone. Who cares about the specs.
Daily interest 53% thats a new record in a long time. Its very interesting to see 6 months old phone getting more and more hits.; Daily interest 53% thats a new record in a long time. Its very interesting to see 6 months old phone getting more and more hits.
Best phone ever!; Best phone ever!
I like iphone; I like iphone
Ka quiche, 19 May 2015really apple has only name and fame only and nothing special in Apple we people are mad for A... moreFor your information, iPhone is really not that expensive. We only thought that it is because of the trasportation fee or whatsoever that causes the elvation of its price. But when you go to United States, it's really cheap.; For your information, iPhone is really not that expensive. We only thought that it is because of the trasportation fee or whatsoever that causes the elvation of its price. But when you go to United States, it's really cheap.
Ka quiche, 19 May 2015really apple has only name and fame only and nothing special in Apple we people are mad for A... moreSure sure... :D; Sure sure... :D
alex, 10 May 2015seriously confused between iphone 6 and galaxy S6, i love the smoothness of iphone and open ec... moreWow I am in the same position; Wow I am in the same position
Duel, 17 May 2015"Enjoy Apple" Thanks! I definately do, like more and more people everyday!really apple has only name and fame only and nothing special in Apple we people are mad for Apple products. I am totally dissatisfied with iPhone 6. It has not good camera quality and speed is very slow and many more.; really apple has only name and fame only and nothing special in Apple we people are mad for Apple products. I am totally dissatisfied with iPhone 6. It has not good camera quality and speed is very slow and many more.
Androids phones all share the same OS and chipsets. Thats why they all lag the same, their makers have no way.. But to follow thru and add their own custom touch on it.
 
 Apple have full control over their OS and hardware, so their performance and quality is the highest.
 
 Look at paper specs will do you no good. Trust your senses, and buy iPhones. Because by the end of the day, what truely matter is a speedy phone, not numbers.; Androids phones all share the same OS and chipsets. Thats why they all lag the same, their makers have no way.. But to follow thru and add their own custom touch on it.; Apple have full control over their OS and hardware, so their performance and quality is the highest.; Look at paper specs will do you no good. Trust your senses, and buy iPhones. Because by the end of the day, what truely matter is a speedy phone, not numbers.
KBkbkb, 18 May 2015WHAT DO YOU THINK ??? Do I still have to put a SCREEN PROTECTOR at the (BACK) of my iphone ... moreNo need. The back of iPhone 6 is stronger then most phones' front.; No need. The back of iPhone 6 is stronger then most phones' front.
WHAT DO YOU THINK ???
 
 Do I still have to put a SCREEN PROTECTOR at the (BACK) of my iphone 6 ??? Even if Im using right now an Apple SILICONE CASE ? Or NO NEED to use Back Screen Protector ? 
 
 Thanks for the advice ... &#128076;; WHAT DO YOU THINK ???; Do I still have to put a SCREEN PROTECTOR at the (BACK) of my iphone 6 ??? Even if Im using right now an Apple SILICONE CASE ? Or NO NEED to use Back Screen Protector ?; Thanks for the advice ... &#128076;
Best opinion , 18 May 2015I jail broke my iPhone and that caused a nightmare. Unless you are not going to not update the... moreJust don't want anyone to have same problems I had. Apple OS is one of the safest out there I'm able to do banking and rely on a easy OS to make browsing and gaming smooth. When I jail broke the phone it made my device heat up to a point I have never experienced on a device before made it unsafe as it was open to third party's, so no more banking. Made the phone have unbelievable lag. When I tried to get rid of the jail break which I thought would be easy wow it shut my phone to a load screen it wouldn't come out of. I tried lots of ways even apple who didn't want to know. In the end I did find someone to help me who also changed my battery because the heating up killed it. I know there are people who don't have such issues but I thought o was tech savvy and look where that got me.; Just don't want anyone to have same problems I had. Apple OS is one of the safest out there I'm able to do banking and rely on a easy OS to make browsing and gaming smooth. When I jail broke the phone it made my device heat up to a point I have never experienced on a device before made it unsafe as it was open to third party's, so no more banking. Made the phone have unbelievable lag. When I tried to get rid of the jail break which I thought would be easy wow it shut my phone to a load screen it wouldn't come out of. I tried lots of ways even apple who didn't want to know. In the end I did find someone to help me who also changed my battery because the heating up killed it. I know there are people who don't have such issues but I thought o was tech savvy and look where that got me.
S, 18 May 2015And you will lose your warranty and then you can use it as a very expensive press paper. SI jail broke my iPhone and that caused a nightmare. Unless you are not going to not update the software(software updates are vital on iPhones for performance and apps) I would highly recommend people not to jailbreak there phones because apple have real good customer service but are absolutely not interested if you jailbreak the phone and it definitely voids your warranty. Even if your warranty is up they don't want to help if the phone is jail broke. Had personal experience from previous iPhone 5s. Will definitely not do it again on my iPhone 6 or future models.; I jail broke my iPhone and that caused a nightmare. Unless you are not going to not update the software(software updates are vital on iPhones for performance and apps) I would highly recommend people not to jailbreak there phones because apple have real good customer service but are absolutely not interested if you jailbreak the phone and it definitely voids your warranty. Even if your warranty is up they don't want to help if the phone is jail broke. Had personal experience from previous iPhone 5s. Will definitely not do it again on my iPhone 6 or future models.
Duel, 18 May 2015You can always jailbreak your iPhone and it opens the whole new world.And you will lose your warranty and then you can use it as a very expensive press paper. S; And you will lose your warranty and then you can use it as a very expensive press paper. S
gajetLover, 18 May 2015if u re heavy user, definitely not an Iphone.You can always jailbreak your iPhone and it opens the whole new world.; You can always jailbreak your iPhone and it opens the whole new world.
if u re heavy user, definitely not an Iphone.; if u re heavy user, definitely not an Iphone.
Duel, 17 May 2015"Enjoy Apple" Thanks! I definately do, like more and more people everyday!Yeah, noting else to answer truth is hard to beat! S; Yeah, noting else to answer truth is hard to beat! S
S, 17 May 2015I tough iphone and Ios is the most optimized os and phone and dispite small battery lasts as o... more"Enjoy Apple"
 
 Thanks! I definately do, like more and more people everyday!; "Enjoy Apple"; Thanks! I definately do, like more and more people everyday!
Duel, 17 May 2015"it is quite amusing to see that IP6 lasts as same as Zp5." Why? Zp5 is bigger ph... moreI tough iphone and Ios is the most optimized os and phone and dispite small battery lasts as other flagships (and it feeds small screen with less pixels) on top of all, but obviously that's not the case. The smallest flagship is z3 compact and sony managed to put 2600 mah battery in it and it has one of the best battery life among SF. Finally Apple are going to be generous and give you dissent camera(12mp)and ram(2gb)in the ip6s but what is sure you will pay handsomely for that and the others brand will give you that in regular flagships. Enjoy Apple.; I tough iphone and Ios is the most optimized os and phone and dispite small battery lasts as other flagships (and it feeds small screen with less pixels) on top of all, but obviously that's not the case. The smallest flagship is z3 compact and sony managed to put 2600 mah battery in it and it has one of the best battery life among SF. Finally Apple are going to be generous and give you dissent camera(12mp)and ram(2gb)in the ip6s but what is sure you will pay handsomely for that and the others brand will give you that in regular flagships. Enjoy Apple.
i am planning to buy iphone6. any suggestion for best and long lasting colour. I read in one review that gold colour came out from the corners. is it with with all other colour of iphone6 ?; i am planning to buy iphone6. any suggestion for best and long lasting colour. I read in one review that gold colour came out from the corners. is it with with all other colour of iphone6 ?
S, 17 May 2015Zf5 does same performance if not even better than iphone 5s(so let's call it same as IP6). Tha... more"it is quite amusing to see that IP6 lasts as same as Zp5."
 
 Why? Zp5 is bigger phone=the bigger battery fits inside=longer battery life. So the price of phone has nothing to do with that, it's just the fact that batteries are same for everybody and bigger phones can fit bigger batteries and getting longer battery life. IPhone 6 is the smallest flagship phone in the market and has smallest battery.
 
 By the way you found a new nick to yourself again?; "it is quite amusing to see that IP6 lasts as same as Zp5."; Why? Zp5 is bigger phone=the bigger battery fits inside=longer battery life. So the price of phone has nothing to do with that, it's just the fact that batteries are same for everybody and bigger phones can fit bigger batteries and getting longer battery life. IPhone 6 is the smallest flagship phone in the market and has smallest battery.; By the way you found a new nick to yourself again?
gabagabby, 16 May 2015Today I just compared my Zenfone 5 with my girlfriends iphone 6. I used both phones for non- s... moreZf5 does same performance if not even better than iphone 5s(so let's call it same as IP6). That was my previous phone and its costs exactly 6 times less than IP6. I sold it because of the poor battery life, it is quite amusing to see that IP6 lasts as same as Zp5. S; Zf5 does same performance if not even better than iphone 5s(so let's call it same as IP6). That was my previous phone and its costs exactly 6 times less than IP6. I sold it because of the poor battery life, it is quite amusing to see that IP6 lasts as same as Zp5. S
Thats why man, I also have read the gsm arena review. They said 10 hours but I dunno, my gf only last 3. She also have whatsapp running on the background. But that isnt gonna make a 7 hour diffeence between the review and in reality.How long does your iphone last, duel?; Thats why man, I also have read the gsm arena review. They said 10 hours but I dunno, my gf only last 3. She also have whatsapp running on the background. But that isnt gonna make a 7 hour diffeence between the review and in reality.How long does your iphone last, duel?
gabagabby, 17 May 2015Im not trying to bash anything here. I just talk based on my experience. My gf iphone 6 did on... more3 hours definately doesn't sound normal. It should be a lot more. GSMarena guys got 10 hours.
 
 http://blog.gsmarena.com/apple-iphone-6-battery-­life-test/; 3 hours definately doesn't sound normal. It should be a lot more. GSMarena guys got 10 hours.
Anonymous, 17 May 2015You said "Similar to ZF5 result." But then you said "ZF5 battery is still doin... moreIm not trying to bash anything here. I just talk based on my experience. My gf iphone 6 did only last 3 hours used for 3g browsing from 100%-0% battery. Using safari. Now, how long does your iphone 6 last? Has anyone tried my test yet?; Im not trying to bash anything here. I just talk based on my experience. My gf iphone 6 did only last 3 hours used for 3g browsing from 100%-0% battery. Using safari. Now, how long does your iphone 6 last? Has anyone tried my test yet?
Anonymous, 17 May 2015You said "Similar to ZF5 result." But then you said "ZF5 battery is still doin... moreI mean considering the price and performance I think zf5 still does. Compared to the incredibly more expensive iphone 6.; I mean considering the price and performance I think zf5 still does. Compared to the incredibly more expensive iphone 6.
gabagabby, 16 May 2015Today I just compared my Zenfone 5 with my girlfriends iphone 6. I used both phones for non- s... moreYou said "Similar to ZF5 result."
 But then you said "ZF5 battery is still doing a pretty decent job."
 -.-"; You said "Similar to ZF5 result."; But then you said "ZF5 battery is still doing a pretty decent job."; -.-"
Ysa, 17 May 2015Where can I get T9 in Iphone 6?. First time to have Apple gadget :D... Thank you so muchhttp://gizmodo.com/this-t9-keyboard-puts-old-sch­ool-texting-on-your-iphone-1657797797 
 
 Google: T9 iPhone and you find more; Google: T9 iPhone and you find more
Has anyone had the paint on the corners of the iPhone 6 rub away? Didn't use a case on the gold version of the phone and have just noticed that in all the corners the paint hast rubbed away. Is there anything that can be done because the phone now looks awful? I have never had this problem on my 5s.; Has anyone had the paint on the corners of the iPhone 6 rub away? Didn't use a case on the gold version of the phone and have just noticed that in all the corners the paint hast rubbed away. Is there anything that can be done because the phone now looks awful? I have never had this problem on my 5s.
gabagabby, 16 May 2015Today I just compared my Zenfone 5 with my girlfriends iphone 6. I used both phones for non- s... moreI've seen a lot of this kind of false statement. What makes yours any more trustable? 
 
 You might not even have a girlfriend...; I've seen a lot of this kind of false statement. What makes yours any more trustable?; You might not even have a girlfriend...
Where can I get T9 in Iphone 6?. First time to have Apple gadget :D... Thank you so much; Where can I get T9 in Iphone 6?. First time to have Apple gadget :D... Thank you so much
rj franj, 16 May 2015white or black iphone 6??...am confused...sme1 pliz help me??i got both white and black iPhone 6 my own opinion the black looks more classy and simply beautiful specially that you can not see the bezels around the screen the front is like one peace of shiny glass looks really elegant; i got both white and black iPhone 6 my own opinion the black looks more classy and simply beautiful specially that you can not see the bezels around the screen the front is like one peace of shiny glass looks really elegant
gabagabby, 16 May 2015Even my zenfone 5 can do so much more things with its camera.Can it capture a slow-mo video at 240 fps; Can it capture a slow-mo video at 240 fps
gabagabby, 16 May 2015Today I just compared my Zenfone 5 with my girlfriends iphone 6. I used both phones for non- s... moreA bit of a low blow even for you. Just because a Ford Focus can do more mpg than a Ferrari it doesn't make it any where near as good. A silly comments deserve a silly response.; A bit of a low blow even for you. Just because a Ford Focus can do more mpg than a Ferrari it doesn't make it any where near as good. A silly comments deserve a silly response.
[deleted post]We all know what you think about iPhone, it's funny that you are bashing it day after day, week after week.
 
 Rules
 "No bashing - deliberately and repeatedly bashing the same brand" 
 you are doing exactly that, so why you are surprised if your comments get deleted?; We all know what you think about iPhone, it's funny that you are bashing it day after day, week after week.; Rules; "No bashing - deliberately and repeatedly bashing the same brand"; you are doing exactly that, so why you are surprised if your comments get deleted?
white or black iphone 6??...am confused...sme1 pliz help me??; white or black iphone 6??...am confused...sme1 pliz help me??
[deleted post]Even my zenfone 5 can do so much more things with its camera.; Even my zenfone 5 can do so much more things with its camera.
gabagabby, 16 May 2015Today I just compared my Zenfone 5 with my girlfriends iphone 6. I used both phones for non- s... moreNo matter what the price is, bigger usually means more juice, bigger phone=Bigger battery. It's that simple. No-one so far havent invented new battery tech, so very cheap device can have same battery than lot higher price phone.; No matter what the price is, bigger usually means more juice, bigger phone=Bigger battery. It's that simple. No-one so far havent invented new battery tech, so very cheap device can have same battery than lot higher price phone.
Today I just compared my Zenfone 5 with my girlfriends iphone 6. I used both phones for non- stop web browsing from 100% - 0% battery. (I used UC browser with Zenfone 5, Safari with iphone 6). Surprisingly, iphone 6 just last for about three hours until the battery is completely dead! Similar to ZF5 result. Thats a very dissapointing result for me since iphone 6 cost almost 7 times more than ZF5! from the result above i conclude that eventough not the best out there, ZF5 battery is still doing a pretty decent job. On the other hand, iphone 6 battery life sucks! Check GFX bench for proof; Today I just compared my Zenfone 5 with my girlfriends iphone 6. I used both phones for non- stop web browsing from 100% - 0% battery. (I used UC browser with Zenfone 5, Safari with iphone 6). Surprisingly, iphone 6 just last for about three hours until the battery is completely dead! Similar to ZF5 result. Thats a very dissapointing result for me since iphone 6 cost almost 7 times more than ZF5! from the result above i conclude that eventough not the best out there, ZF5 battery is still doing a pretty decent job. On the other hand, iphone 6 battery life sucks! Check GFX bench for proof
Well all of a sudden my iPhone6 would not text to a particular ph number in China. It did however to all my other numbers from the USA to China. I called my carrier and could not resolve it.Fortunately I bought my phone from Apple and went there for the fix. Many reviews said it was a wise thng to do as Apple wold do the right thing.Well sure enough the tech could not find out what the problem after doing several tests and reloads and other things. Finally he said he would give me a new phone. After all the install was completed on the new phone I sent my text. It went through.Success and a very happy customer. Moral...get you Iphone from Apple store as they will do the right thing fast and easy.; Well all of a sudden my iPhone6 would not text to a particular ph number in China. It did however to all my other numbers from the USA to China. I called my carrier and could not resolve it.Fortunately I bought my phone from Apple and went there for the fix. Many reviews said it was a wise thng to do as Apple wold do the right thing.Well sure enough the tech could not find out what the problem after doing several tests and reloads and other things. Finally he said he would give me a new phone. After all the install was completed on the new phone I sent my text. It went through.Success and a very happy customer. Moral...get you Iphone from Apple store as they will do the right thing fast and easy.
Sinu , 13 May 2015If I restore, won't I lose all my datas?First u sync ur iphone with itunes then restore it.Make sure that phone has been synced or not.; First u sync ur iphone with itunes then restore it.Make sure that phone has been synced or not.
Jeff, 15 May 2015These phones chew up data like candy! Uses three times the data as iPhone 4s. Do not buy unl... moreNo Iphone 6 Does Not EAT Data.Make Sure Your Auto Update App Is Off.; No Iphone 6 Does Not EAT Data.Make Sure Your Auto Update App Is Off.
Anonymous, 15 May 2015Wow so funny you actually searched the web to find a biased reviewer lol. Do you have any idea... more"look at the average joe person who pays good hard earned money because they will give a better opinion than most of these silly sites"
 
 Well Apple always have had most satisfied customers, so... :) i agree with you; "look at the average joe person who pays good hard earned money because they will give a better opinion than most of these silly sites"; Well Apple always have had most satisfied customers, so... :) i agree with you
Look I like my tech and love android. Love having the banter and seeing the silly comments I own both apple and android so respect all devices let's keep it real and give facts for people looking to purchase a new device. The reason all the hate comes is because uneducated opinions from users who have only tried one device then immediately compare it to other devices that they have never used. Give your opinion about your phones and stop dissing thing you know nothing about.; Look I like my tech and love android. Love having the banter and seeing the silly comments I own both apple and android so respect all devices let's keep it real and give facts for people looking to purchase a new device. The reason all the hate comes is because uneducated opinions from users who have only tried one device then immediately compare it to other devices that they have never used. Give your opinion about your phones and stop dissing thing you know nothing about.
Korrasami, 15 May 2015*more-cores-equals-better gimmick Comment section now hates me - it doesn't let me edit.No it's like when iPhone 5s first used a 64 bit and everyone said its a gimmick but yet it proved more powerful than any device at its time even with quad core chips. The quantity of cores is only relevant when the manufacturer knows how to use them to there full potential. This is why Samsung has stepped up this time and has used its own processor because it will have more control on making better use of its hardware and can push out its own updates also. This is what apple mastered early on in its products and that's why quantity of processors don't count on most devices.; No it's like when iPhone 5s first used a 64 bit and everyone said its a gimmick but yet it proved more powerful than any device at its time even with quad core chips. The quantity of cores is only relevant when the manufacturer knows how to use them to there full potential. This is why Samsung has stepped up this time and has used its own processor because it will have more control on making better use of its hardware and can push out its own updates also. This is what apple mastered early on in its products and that's why quantity of processors don't count on most devices.
Korrasami, 15 May 2015+9999 Also, I'm absolutely SICK of all this more-cores-equals better gimmick. I spent a lot... more*more-cores-equals-better gimmick
 
 Comment section now hates me - it doesn't let me edit.; *more-cores-equals-better gimmick; Comment section now hates me - it doesn't let me edit.
Anonymous, 15 May 2015Me too. I defend Apple out of pity. I use android myself but those fandroid are just too much.... more+9999
 
 Also, I'm absolutely SICK of all this more-cores-equals better gimmick. I spent a lot of time debunk this stuff to brainwashed fanboys. T_T; +9999; Also, I'm absolutely SICK of all this more-cores-equals better gimmick. I spent a lot of time debunk this stuff to brainwashed fanboys. T_T
Duel, 14 May 2015http://uk.businessinsider.com/iphone-6-vs-samsung-galaxy-s6-vs-htc-one-m9-camera-comparison-20... moreWow so funny you actually searched the web to find a biased reviewer lol. Do you have any idea about business insider it is an American apple biased site. I could search the web and find a site that rates every phone the best. The only way to find out what actually is the best is by real none biased reviews not some Micky mouse sponsored site that gets free products for given good reviews. Don't be so narrow minded. look at the average joe person who pays good hard earned money because they will give a better opinion than most of these silly sites that get paid to make up lies to deceive people.; Wow so funny you actually searched the web to find a biased reviewer lol. Do you have any idea about business insider it is an American apple biased site. I could search the web and find a site that rates every phone the best. The only way to find out what actually is the best is by real none biased reviews not some Micky mouse sponsored site that gets free products for given good reviews. Don't be so narrow minded. look at the average joe person who pays good hard earned money because they will give a better opinion than most of these silly sites that get paid to make up lies to deceive people.
this devices are way too much expensive to use & maintain for no reason; this devices are way too much expensive to use & maintain for no reason
These phones chew up data like candy! Uses three times the data as iPhone 4s. Do not buy unless you have a huge data plan!; These phones chew up data like candy! Uses three times the data as iPhone 4s. Do not buy unless you have a huge data plan!
Korrasami, 15 May 2015I don't know. I'm simply defending Apple because I'm not okay with the bashing they get from h... moreMe too. I defend Apple out of pity. I use android myself but those fandroid are just too much. They shouldn't bash iphone like this. All the electronic company in the world are connected to each other. They need each other. Apple need Samsung, Samsung need Sony, Apple need Lg, HTC need Asus, Oppo need Huawei, Motorola need Google and so on. These companies relies on each other and without one of them the whole ecosystem will collapsed. They supplies each other electronic parts. Every phone have a little touch from Sony camera or Lg display or Samsung processor, even iphone.; Me too. I defend Apple out of pity. I use android myself but those fandroid are just too much. They shouldn't bash iphone like this. All the electronic company in the world are connected to each other. They need each other. Apple need Samsung, Samsung need Sony, Apple need Lg, HTC need Asus, Oppo need Huawei, Motorola need Google and so on. These companies relies on each other and without one of them the whole ecosystem will collapsed. They supplies each other electronic parts. Every phone have a little touch from Sony camera or Lg display or Samsung processor, even iphone.
Anonymous, 14 May 2015Why do people stay loyal and defend certain manufactures this is silly without competition we ... moreI don't know. I'm simply defending Apple because I'm not okay with the bashing they get from hardcore Google fanboys. Hell, I don't even own any Apple products.
 
 You're right about getting the best device at the time no matter the brand. :); I don't know. I'm simply defending Apple because I'm not okay with the bashing they get from hardcore Google fanboys. Hell, I don't even own any Apple products.; You're right about getting the best device at the time no matter the brand. :)
Anonymous, 14 May 2015OS does get included in benchmarks may be you should look at how benchmarking works.I'm sorry, I think you're right. Benchmark does put OSes into account, but only to categorise them.; I'm sorry, I think you're right. Benchmark does put OSes into account, but only to categorise them.
Smart advice, 13 May 2015Best phone ever. People always hate the best, because they are jealous or blinded. People w... moreYes. You are right!
 
 Most people think and research for the best hardware.. Thinking it will give the best performance.
 
 But the truth is iPhone have best tailored hardware AND software. Making it hard to beat.
 
 When u think deeply, iPhone is indeed the best.; Yes. You are right!; Most people think and research for the best hardware.. Thinking it will give the best performance.; But the truth is iPhone have best tailored hardware AND software. Making it hard to beat.; When u think deeply, iPhone is indeed the best.
"Apple on track for another 51+ million iPhone sales this quarter, research says
 
 Demand for Apple's iPhone continues to stay extremely strong, even as the life cycle of the current iPhone 6 series begins to wind down heading into the fall, new data from UBS reveals."
 
 Demand for iPhone 6 still extremely strong.; "Apple on track for another 51+ million iPhone sales this quarter, research says; Demand for Apple's iPhone continues to stay extremely strong, even as the life cycle of the current iPhone 6 series begins to wind down heading into the fall, new data from UBS reveals."; Demand for iPhone 6 still extremely strong.
Anonymous, 14 May 2015Now when Apple finally will give to the blind iphone fans dissent camera(12mp) and more ram (2... morehttp://uk.businessinsider.com/iphone-6-vs-samsun­g-galaxy-s6-vs-htc-one-m9-camera-comparison-2015­-4?op=1?r=US
Anonymous, 14 May 2015Now when Apple finally will give to the blind iphone fans dissent camera(12mp) and more ram (2... moreHTC M9 has 20mp camera and yet iPhone 6 has lot better camera, so...; HTC M9 has 20mp camera and yet iPhone 6 has lot better camera, so...
Now when Apple finally will give to the blind iphone fans dissent camera(12mp) and more ram (2gb) but still BS small screen and pathetic battery with the iphone 6s,will be funny to see how they will charge you at least 200$ more for just that[and that's the amount of money i paid for my( better then present iphone 6) phone] S; Now when Apple finally will give to the blind iphone fans dissent camera(12mp) and more ram (2gb) but still BS small screen and pathetic battery with the iphone 6s,will be funny to see how they will charge you at least 200$ more for just that[and that's the amount of money i paid for my( better then present iphone 6) phone] S
Korrasami, 14 May 2015The only sub-par hardware aspect of the iPhone is the the RAM. Many hardcore Google fanboys ar... moreWhy do people stay loyal and defend certain manufactures this is silly without competition we would not have the new tech we have now. I will and always will purchase both android and apple devices what ever is best at the time I decide I want a new device. Android is top dog at the moment so let's see what apple has got up its sleeve on the next iPhone. Apple better up its game though cause android has improved a lot this time.; Why do people stay loyal and defend certain manufactures this is silly without competition we would not have the new tech we have now. I will and always will purchase both android and apple devices what ever is best at the time I decide I want a new device. Android is top dog at the moment so let's see what apple has got up its sleeve on the next iPhone. Apple better up its game though cause android has improved a lot this time.
Korrasami, 14 May 2015The only sub-par hardware aspect of the iPhone is the the RAM. Many hardcore Google fanboys ar... moreOS does get included in benchmarks may be you should look at how benchmarking works.; OS does get included in benchmarks may be you should look at how benchmarking works.
Great comment , 13 May 2015Yes I am jealous, jealous the iPhone haven't delivered better competition with its out dated h... moreThey still have TSMC to produce their SoCs.; They still have TSMC to produce their SoCs.
Scotty, 14 May 2015The hardware is outdated if you compared to other phones in the market whether is android or w... moreThe only sub-par hardware aspect of the iPhone is the the RAM. Many hardcore Google fanboys are brainwashed into thinking that more cores = better. The A8 absolutely crushes everything except the Exynos in 7420.
 
 Benchmarks DON'T evaluate OS/UI. They only evaluate based on the hardware. One prime example is the Note 4 topping the charts in Geekbench, which is strange because it has an atrocious UI.; The only sub-par hardware aspect of the iPhone is the the RAM. Many hardcore Google fanboys are brainwashed into thinking that more cores = better. The A8 absolutely crushes everything except the Exynos in 7420.; Benchmarks DON'T evaluate OS/UI. They only evaluate based on the hardware. One prime example is the Note 4 topping the charts in Geekbench, which is strange because it has an atrocious UI.
i already use this phone . the best phone that i haved used.really enjoy this phone . :p; i already use this phone . the best phone that i haved used.really enjoy this phone . :p
Anonymous, 14 May 2015Oh yes the simple OS that blinds people into believing that the phone is better than it is. Th... moreSame old boring story year after year...; Same old boring story year after year...
Smart advice, 13 May 2015Best phone ever. People always hate the best, because they are jealous or blinded. People w... moreYou just wrote that for the sake of writing something. If you did some research before writing that, you will find out that people who know technology choose high end Androids over iPhones. And always will. Your beloved phone doesn't even get mentioned in a top 5 best smartphones out there. Just bbecaue kids and some elderly love it does not mean 'people who know technology' love it. Do some research before you write irational stuff...; You just wrote that for the sake of writing something. If you did some research before writing that, you will find out that people who know technology choose high end Androids over iPhones. And always will. Your beloved phone doesn't even get mentioned in a top 5 best smartphones out there. Just bbecaue kids and some elderly love it does not mean 'people who know technology' love it. Do some research before you write irational stuff...
Duel, 14 May 2015"iPhone haven't delivered better competition with its out dated hardware." Really... moreOh yes the simple OS that blinds people into believing that the phone is better than it is. This should be what all manufactures do then, forget all the hardware make a cheap device and substandard camera use a really simple OS with a weak battery and hey presto iPhone. I see why you rate it the best.; Oh yes the simple OS that blinds people into believing that the phone is better than it is. This should be what all manufactures do then, forget all the hardware make a cheap device and substandard camera use a really simple OS with a weak battery and hey presto iPhone. I see why you rate it the best.
Duel, 14 May 2015"iPhone haven't delivered better competition with its out dated hardware." Really... moreThe hardware is outdated if you compared to other phones in the market whether is android or windows. Apple has one ecosystem not many. So the OS itself optimize for the hardware it has since there all the same... That the iphone are smooth with apps since its one ecosystem unlike andriod which has over 1000's different types of hardware it not easy to optimize for all them equally... That why is iphone have good benchmark scores and have well optimize apps...; The hardware is outdated if you compared to other phones in the market whether is android or windows. Apple has one ecosystem not many. So the OS itself optimize for the hardware it has since there all the same... That the iphone are smooth with apps since its one ecosystem unlike andriod which has over 1000's different types of hardware it not easy to optimize for all them equally... That why is iphone have good benchmark scores and have well optimize apps...
Great comment , 13 May 2015Yes I am jealous, jealous the iPhone haven't delivered better competition with its out dated h... more"iPhone haven't delivered better competition with its out dated hardware."
 
 Really? And yet with that "outdated" hardware it can beat almost every phone in the market, strange...; "iPhone haven't delivered better competition with its out dated hardware."; Really? And yet with that "outdated" hardware it can beat almost every phone in the market, strange...
Smart advice, 13 May 2015Best phone ever. People always hate the best, because they are jealous or blinded. People w... moreYes I am jealous, jealous the iPhone haven't delivered better competition with its out dated hardware. Now someone else isn't making there processor perhaps they will drop the price for their own underachieved hardware. Without the backing of Samsung making the chip iPhone will sady struggle. Everyone remember what happened with blackberry........; Yes I am jealous, jealous the iPhone haven't delivered better competition with its out dated hardware. Now someone else isn't making there processor perhaps they will drop the price for their own underachieved hardware. Without the backing of Samsung making the chip iPhone will sady struggle. Everyone remember what happened with blackberry........
Pear, 12 May 2015Fast? How is it fast? There are countless phones that are faster and heat up less than iphones... moreLol I think you are correct. For once I agree with someone on this site. Logic at last......; Lol I think you are correct. For once I agree with someone on this site. Logic at last......
326 ppi is foolish.; 326 ppi is foolish.
akki, 13 May 2015if i lost my fone so what i will do...??? what is the next process to find Find my iPhone is great way to find lost phone.; Find my iPhone is great way to find lost phone.
if i lost my fone so what i will do...???
 what is the next process to find; if i lost my fone so what i will do...???; what is the next process to find
shiva, 13 May 2015i am iPhone 6 user please guys one thing i want to share for iPhone users please don't compare... moreSo, lets compare it with iphone 4s. Iphone 4s sucks so bad with its ugly design. I choose iphone 6.; So, lets compare it with iphone 4s. Iphone 4s sucks so bad with its ugly design. I choose iphone 6.
Best phone ever. People always hate the best, because they are jealous or blinded.
 
 People who knows technology will agree that iPhone is the best.
 People who know nuts about technology, but trust their own senses will also agree iPhone is the best.
 
 Those that know little about technology and jealous, will hate iPhones. 
 
 Choice to buy iPhone is very simple, either research iPhone deeply and found its the best, or trust your senses. If you just look at paper specs, or rumors of jealous people.. you will be confused.; Best phone ever. People always hate the best, because they are jealous or blinded.; People who knows technology will agree that iPhone is the best.; People who know nuts about technology, but trust their own senses will also agree iPhone is the best.; Those that know little about technology and jealous, will hate iPhones.; Choice to buy iPhone is very simple, either research iPhone deeply and found its the best, or trust your senses. If you just look at paper specs, or rumors of jealous people.. you will be confused.
Ali, 08 May 2015Restore ur iphone it will solve heating issue.If I restore, won't I lose all my datas?; If I restore, won't I lose all my datas?
i am iPhone 6 user please guys one thing i want to share for iPhone users please don't compare the iPhone's with other brand models...; i am iPhone 6 user please guys one thing i want to share for iPhone users please don't compare the iPhone's with other brand models...
alex, 12 May 2015how to increase the daily interest in GsmarenaIt is counted by the percentage of 'Total hits' this webpage get in a day. More page visitor per day means hingher percentage. You can use galaxy s6 page as reference. That phone get 93% due to many visitors.; It is counted by the percentage of 'Total hits' this webpage get in a day. More page visitor per day means hingher percentage. You can use galaxy s6 page as reference. That phone get 93% due to many visitors.
Duel, 12 May 2015Daily interest for this phone just keeps growing and already crossed 50% are the haters with f... moreI do not doubt that the iphone6 is a very good phone even though I have an SG4. However my feeling is that a lot of the popularity and attraction of iphones in Asia is that they are American and there is a perception - rightly or wrongly - that all things American are the latest and greatest and most technologically advanced. Whilst this may have well been so for earlier models I feel that the opposition has now caught up and Apple no longer enjoys the supremacy that it once had.; I do not doubt that the iphone6 is a very good phone even though I have an SG4. However my feeling is that a lot of the popularity and attraction of iphones in Asia is that they are American and there is a perception - rightly or wrongly - that all things American are the latest and greatest and most technologically advanced. Whilst this may have well been so for earlier models I feel that the opposition has now caught up and Apple no longer enjoys the supremacy that it once had.
I have used Nokia's 701, Samsung S3 and Note 4 before converting into an Apple fan.
 
 Well, I am very pleased with the following:
 1) Aesthetics: The design is very nice. The size is also perfect maybe because I have used a Note 4 and found that I don't quite like phablets. 
 
 2) Functionality: iPhone 6 is easy to use. The response rate when activating/closing apps is very quick. I am quite pleased to note that IOS 8 allows the user to block calls and messages (SMS). The bigger android models of Samsung allows for that but the phones will register all block calls in the call logs. iPhones with IOS 8 will not register anything so it gives me a peace of mind (self opinion).
 
 3) Other things that I like: Preset ringtones and wallpapers, "Find my iPhone" function, closure of apps (killing tasks),icloud, CALL QUALITY, ease of messaging, etc...
 
 Wished I had started off with the iPhone 4. However, if I hadn't tried other platforms (android/symbian/etc), I wouldn't have appreciated IOS much.
 
 The camera needs some more improvements though. (Nevertheless, it is still a phone!) The keyboard should have some more improvements but that can be solved by downloading a 3rd party keyboard.; I have used Nokia's 701, Samsung S3 and Note 4 before converting into an Apple fan.; Well, I am very pleased with the following:; 1) Aesthetics: The design is very nice. The size is also perfect maybe because I have used a Note 4 and found that I don't quite like phablets.; 2) Functionality: iPhone 6 is easy to use. The response rate when activating/closing apps is very quick. I am quite pleased to note that IOS 8 allows the user to block calls and messages (SMS). The bigger android models of Samsung allows for that but the phones will register all block calls in the call logs. iPhones with IOS 8 will not register anything so it gives me a peace of mind (self opinion).; 3) Other things that I like: Preset ringtones and wallpapers, "Find my iPhone" function, closure of apps (killing tasks),icloud, CALL QUALITY, ease of messaging, etc...; Wished I had started off with the iPhone 4. However, if I hadn't tried other platforms (android/symbian/etc), I wouldn't have appreciated IOS much.; The camera needs some more improvements though. (Nevertheless, it is still a phone!) The keyboard should have some more improvements but that can be solved by downloading a 3rd party keyboard.
how to increase the daily interest in Gsmarena; how to increase the daily interest in Gsmarena
Daily interest for this phone just keeps growing and already crossed 50% are the haters with full force or where this big growing coming lately.; Daily interest for this phone just keeps growing and already crossed 50% are the haters with full force or where this big growing coming lately.
Anonymous, 12 May 2015Duel you just compleletly avoided my questions again. Denying the fact that S6/M9 is better t... more"Iphone is the best phone"
 
 I have never said that, there isnt such a thing called best phone, everyone have own opinion which is best, you really cant compare iOS phone to android phone and say which one is best because they both have pros and cons and yet you are doing exactly that... :D
 
 Thats why i don't answer to your comments because i already know it doesnt get anywhere because you can't accept the fact that for lot of people iPhone actually is the best phone, for example to me, nothing can't beat iPhone in things which i need from my phone/tablet.; "Iphone is the best phone"; I have never said that, there isnt such a thing called best phone, everyone have own opinion which is best, you really cant compare iOS phone to android phone and say which one is best because they both have pros and cons and yet you are doing exactly that... :D; Thats why i don't answer to your comments because i already know it doesnt get anywhere because you can't accept the fact that for lot of people iPhone actually is the best phone, for example to me, nothing can't beat iPhone in things which i need from my phone/tablet.
Pear, 12 May 2015Fast? How is it fast? There are countless phones that are faster and heat up less than iphones... more"you have to go through pages and pages of apps you will never use" 
 
 Why? :D uou have siri and the spotlight search, why you need to through pages and pages?
 
 "not to mention that the back button is sometimes at the right or left upper side of the screen,"
 
 You don't need back button just swipe from any part from left of screen to right and there's your back button, very handy!; "you have to go through pages and pages of apps you will never use"; Why? :D uou have siri and the spotlight search, why you need to through pages and pages?; "not to mention that the back button is sometimes at the right or left upper side of the screen,"; You don't need back button just swipe from any part from left of screen to right and there's your back button, very handy!
Why is there so much QQ over die hard Apple/Droid fanboys.
 
 It's a phone.
 It does it's job, it makes calls, sends texts and allows you to browse internet and use apps.
 Truth of the matter is both iPhone and flagship Droids have their pro's and con's.
 Just get over it you wetties.; Why is there so much QQ over die hard Apple/Droid fanboys.; It's a phone.; It does it's job, it makes calls, sends texts and allows you to browse internet and use apps.; Truth of the matter is both iPhone and flagship Droids have their pro's and con's.; Just get over it you wetties.
Kunjumon, 12 May 2015You please enjoy your green and blue tinted htc one m9 screen with 0 repairable score .what a ... moreWait what was that? 0 score for repairable? I wonder what happens when you drop an Iphone 6 30cm from floor? Oh wait it breaks and screen cracks because the screen isn't scratch resistant; Wait what was that? 0 score for repairable? I wonder what happens when you drop an Iphone 6 30cm from floor? Oh wait it breaks and screen cracks because the screen isn't scratch resistant
Duel, 11 May 2015Why you got so mad about the fact that People in China want iPhone more than anything else? :D... moreDuel you just compleletly avoided my questions again. Denying the fact that S6/M9 is better than the Iphone 6. " And yet you are here... :D". I wasn't planning to flame on this phone in the first place until I saw comments like yours that "Iphone is the best phone" which clearly is not. "Why you got so mad about the fact that People in China want iPhone more than anything else?" I EVEN TOLD YOU THAT IT WAS POPULAR AND I DIDN'T DENY THAT AND YET YOUR JUST REPOINTING WHAT YOU POINTED OUT WHICH I AGREED TO BECAUSE YOU CAN'T THINK OF ANYTHING ELSE TO SAY AND YOU ARE WEAK IN YOUR COMMENTS. And if your talking to China wanting an Iphone then you're clearly talking to the wrong person child. I'm pretty sure I know more things that happen in China than you do. Despite China is the most populated country at the minute and I'm pretty sure fakes are taken in account to them "sales" because of the population and also it is slightly cheaper.; Duel you just compleletly avoided my questions again. Denying the fact that S6/M9 is better than the Iphone 6. " And yet you are here... :D". I wasn't planning to flame on this phone in the first place until I saw comments like yours that "Iphone is the best phone" which clearly is not. "Why you got so mad about the fact that People in China want iPhone more than anything else?" I EVEN TOLD YOU THAT IT WAS POPULAR AND I DIDN'T DENY THAT AND YET YOUR JUST REPOINTING WHAT YOU POINTED OUT WHICH I AGREED TO BECAUSE YOU CAN'T THINK OF ANYTHING ELSE TO SAY AND YOU ARE WEAK IN YOUR COMMENTS. And if your talking to China wanting an Iphone then you're clearly talking to the wrong person child. I'm pretty sure I know more things that happen in China than you do. Despite China is the most populated country at the minute and I'm pretty sure fakes are taken in account to them "sales" because of the population and also it is slightly cheaper.
WaBBy500, 12 May 2015You really don't have anything to argue other than that paper spec and style statement thing u... moreYou please enjoy your green and blue tinted htc one m9 screen with 0 repairable score .what a quality for a flagship phone !; You please enjoy your green and blue tinted htc one m9 screen with 0 repairable score .what a quality for a flagship phone !
Salim, 11 May 2015iPhone is for those who needs life fast and simple ... Technically comparing to any other ph... moreFast? How is it fast? There are countless phones that are faster and heat up less than iphones...if by fast you mean 'fast draining battery', then fair enough...i see people with their iphones desperately searching for a cable before lunchtime, because the phone barely lasts half a day...
 
 Also, it's far from simple...you have to go through pages and pages of apps you will never use, because the cheap OI doesn't even allow un-installation of preloaded apps...not to mention that the back button is sometimes at the right or left upper side of the screen, opposite to the home button which takes up half the phone...
 
 It's one thing to like this phone because of fandom or whatever illogical argument, but to call it the best phone out there, is plain delusional. Not one magazine or reviewer places it above the S6 or M9 and in most cases it does not even make a top 5...
 
 The one argument left for iphone users is that their phone is expensive so in their mind that equals with quality. Yet there are countless devices that cost more than the i6. So by your logic, i shall use the same, and consider that most iphone users can't afford the Edge and hence they stick to cheap iphones...; Fast? How is it fast? There are countless phones that are faster and heat up less than iphones...if by fast you mean 'fast draining battery', then fair enough...i see people with their iphones desperately searching for a cable before lunchtime, because the phone barely lasts half a day...; Also, it's far from simple...you have to go through pages and pages of apps you will never use, because the cheap OI doesn't even allow un-installation of preloaded apps...not to mention that the back button is sometimes at the right or left upper side of the screen, opposite to the home button which takes up half the phone...; It's one thing to like this phone because of fandom or whatever illogical argument, but to call it the best phone out there, is plain delusional. Not one magazine or reviewer places it above the S6 or M9 and in most cases it does not even make a top 5...; The one argument left for iphone users is that their phone is expensive so in their mind that equals with quality. Yet there are countless devices that cost more than the i6. So by your logic, i shall use the same, and consider that most iphone users can't afford the Edge and hence they stick to cheap iphones...
Kunjumon, 11 May 2015Yes there is lots of spec maniac like you ,you only getting some paper specs ,but none of the... moreYou really don't have anything to argue other than that paper spec and style statement thing unlike duel ????????; You really don't have anything to argue other than that paper spec and style statement thing unlike duel ????????
Pancake, 11 May 2015The internet is a wonderful place. Here you can be married. To a psychologist! If she'd exist ... moreWell said. Perhaps his friends, if he has any, borrow his phone so that they can also look good and impress others. 
 Very sad way to have to live.; Well said. Perhaps his friends, if he has any, borrow his phone so that they can also look good and impress others.; Very sad way to have to live.
Apple fan, 11 May 2015Thats funny, Im married to a psychologist. She the one who recommend this iphone 6 for me. Wha... moreYou have totally missed my point or are too busy trying to impress people with your new phone. I'm not knocking the phone, only your apparent reason for having it. Perhaps your psychologist wife suggested it to you because she sensed that you need something to make you feel like a man. ENJOY!; You have totally missed my point or are too busy trying to impress people with your new phone. I'm not knocking the phone, only your apparent reason for having it. Perhaps your psychologist wife suggested it to you because she sensed that you need something to make you feel like a man. ENJOY!
iPhone is for those who needs life fast and simple ... 
 Technically comparing to any other phones, iphone has very high touch responsive rate, perfect HD screen not like Sam galaxies screen violet screen while fast moving screen and moving home pages.( this will experienced by only very few)... Apart from this, iPhone 6 is ram 1gb only but runs very fast, you can feel this when suddenly jumping from one app to another app.; iPhone is for those who needs life fast and simple ...; Technically comparing to any other phones, iphone has very high touch responsive rate, perfect HD screen not like Sam galaxies screen violet screen while fast moving screen and moving home pages.( this will experienced by only very few)... Apart from this, iPhone 6 is ram 1gb only but runs very fast, you can feel this when suddenly jumping from one app to another app.
[deleted post]yes he need help, doesn't sound very healthy; yes he need help, doesn't sound very healthy
Anonymous, 11 May 2015You really don't know alot about phones do you Duel? Every time I make 3 counter arguments or ... moreWhy you got so mad about the fact that People in China want iPhone more than anything else? :D so funny.. 
 
 They have already tried many different phones and clearly wasn't happy with their choices and now buying iPhones, maybe they finally found the device which they like.; Why you got so mad about the fact that People in China want iPhone more than anything else? :D so funny..; They have already tried many different phones and clearly wasn't happy with their choices and now buying iPhones, maybe they finally found the device which they like.
Great phone ); Great phone )
Anonymous, 11 May 2015You really don't know alot about phones do you Duel? Every time I make 3 counter arguments or ... more"But most people like myself just pity on people that have Iphones"
 
 And yet you are here... :D nothing to add
 
 Have you thinking to get help to your situation?; "But most people like myself just pity on people that have Iphones"; And yet you are here... :D nothing to add; Have you thinking to get help to your situation?
Duel, 11 May 2015IDC: Apple surpasses Xiaomi as China's top smartphone vendor Lot of people in China have bo... moreYou really don't know alot about phones do you Duel? Every time I make 3 counter arguments or more against you, you can only provide a pathetic single excuse. I'M NOT GOING TO DENY THAT IPHONE DOES SELL ALOT (and don't even think about quoting this as a lame point against me) BUT THAT DOES NOT MAKE IT THE BEST PHONE. You can't merely just judge a phone on the way it sells. Yes it may be popular. But most people like myself just pity on people that have Iphones. So what about the counter argument against the S6/M9 camera? Videoing? Battery? Display? Hardware? Come back to me whenever you can think of an argument against that because you ignore the fact that those points are better than Iphone on paper and funny enough on what paper does matter.; You really don't know alot about phones do you Duel? Every time I make 3 counter arguments or more against you, you can only provide a pathetic single excuse. I'M NOT GOING TO DENY THAT IPHONE DOES SELL ALOT (and don't even think about quoting this as a lame point against me) BUT THAT DOES NOT MAKE IT THE BEST PHONE. You can't merely just judge a phone on the way it sells. Yes it may be popular. But most people like myself just pity on people that have Iphones. So what about the counter argument against the S6/M9 camera? Videoing? Battery? Display? Hardware? Come back to me whenever you can think of an argument against that because you ignore the fact that those points are better than Iphone on paper and funny enough on what paper does matter.
Apple fan, 11 May 2015Thats funny, Im married to a psychologist. She the one who recommend this iphone 6 for me. Wha... moreThe internet is a wonderful place. Here you can be married. To a psychologist! If she'd exist she must be quite annoyed that her husband sits on tech forums defending a cheap phone....but if it makes you happy to believe you have a wife and friends, hey...good for you :); The internet is a wonderful place. Here you can be married. To a psychologist! If she'd exist she must be quite annoyed that her husband sits on tech forums defending a cheap phone....but if it makes you happy to believe you have a wife and friends, hey...good for you :)
IDC: Apple surpasses Xiaomi as China's top smartphone vendor
 
 Lot of people in China have bought iPhone 6, so many android switchers.; IDC: Apple surpasses Xiaomi as China's top smartphone vendor; Lot of people in China have bought iPhone 6, so many android switchers.
Amit, 10 May 2015Only reason strong enough to stay with iphone 6 is it doesn't lagthat's true; that's true
Scorpio, 11 May 2015Is your self esteem really so low that you need a phone to give you a status symbol? I think y... moreThats funny, Im married to a psychologist. She the one who recommend this iphone 6 for me. What you gonna do know huh?! You the one who needs one, said someone with Scorpio as alias.; Thats funny, Im married to a psychologist. She the one who recommend this iphone 6 for me. What you gonna do know huh?! You the one who needs one, said someone with Scorpio as alias.
To all iOS users ,Tube mate HD ' now available in AppStore .(a good YouTube downloader); To all iOS users ,Tube mate HD ' now available in AppStore .(a good YouTube downloader)
Scorpio, 11 May 2015Is your self esteem really so low that you need a phone to give you a status symbol? I think y... moreYes there is lots of spec maniac like you ,you only getting some paper specs ,but none of them not working well in real life .; Yes there is lots of spec maniac like you ,you only getting some paper specs ,but none of them not working well in real life .
Well anyway, Apple is Apple. It will not be Orange at all. Among Operating Systems that I've had, IOS would be utmost the best OS ever. Even those bigger screen sizes and 5.5 updates, still the quality of IOS will always be at my highest respect. Exaggerations on others' comments as if that had on hand experienced were actually not true. Just have to say on the trend.
 
 Just my own experience.; Well anyway, Apple is Apple. It will not be Orange at all. Among Operating Systems that I've had, IOS would be utmost the best OS ever. Even those bigger screen sizes and 5.5 updates, still the quality of IOS will always be at my highest respect. Exaggerations on others' comments as if that had on hand experienced were actually not true. Just have to say on the trend.; Just my own experience.
today's price in UAE?; today's price in UAE?
Apple fan, 10 May 2015"Buy the iphone 6. It is the classiest smartphone with premium build. The body of iphone ... moreIs your self esteem really so low that you need a phone to give you a status symbol? I think you have huge problems. Use your new status symbol to find yourself a psychologist. You are just plain weird.; Is your self esteem really so low that you need a phone to give you a status symbol? I think you have huge problems. Use your new status symbol to find yourself a psychologist. You are just plain weird.
Ali Siddiqui, 10 May 2015Use your Apple ID with the iTunes Store Open the latest version of iTunes. Choose Store >... moreHi Ali! Unfortunately, I do not have a CC. Tha's the main thing. I am so lost with all these stuff.; Hi Ali! Unfortunately, I do not have a CC. Tha's the main thing. I am so lost with all these stuff.
Comparing iphones with samsung... ohh its to difficult..... i dont know what makes iphones needed.....comparing iphone 6 with galaxy s6...its just craziness ..there is nothing to compare...... i dont even know that iphone 6 is better than galaxy s4.. there is nothing to compare too..; Comparing iphones with samsung... ohh its to difficult..... i dont know what makes iphones needed.....comparing iphone 6 with galaxy s6...its just craziness ..there is nothing to compare...... i dont even know that iphone 6 is better than galaxy s4.. there is nothing to compare too..
Anonymous, 10 May 2015That's not exactly true.. Again pure opinion. You can't just compare an IOS and an android. If... more"Because on paper M9 hardware is better maybe not software BUT hardware is better."
 
 Exactly on PAPER, who cares what is on the paper?
 
 http://youtu.be/zSMYY8e9kL8; "Because on paper M9 hardware is better maybe not software BUT hardware is better."; Exactly on PAPER, who cares what is on the paper?
Anonymous, 10 May 2015That's not exactly true.. Again pure opinion. You can't just compare an IOS and an android. If... morei have used blackberry Z10, lumia 830, galaxy note and several android phones. I find this I phone 6 that I'm using currently the most hopeless phone ever. 
 
 There several limitations with this phone that it the first and probably the last iPhone I will ever use; i have used blackberry Z10, lumia 830, galaxy note and several android phones. I find this I phone 6 that I'm using currently the most hopeless phone ever.; There several limitations with this phone that it the first and probably the last iPhone I will ever use
Duel, 10 May 2015"The phone is ok, but the phone I'm using right now matches most of the specs, and I paid... moreThat's not exactly true.. Again pure opinion. You can't just compare an IOS and an android. If the S6 or M9 ran pure IOS software without bugs then on paper it will run faster because the hardware is physically better. And for crying out loud Iphones can't even run 1080P videos apart from the 6 plus. Also at this current generation 1080P for a flagship phone is standard and also recording 4K videos. Again people that own Iphones are generally simplistic. Also if it is the "best phone" then why isn't in most of the Top 5 websites? Funny thing is that Iphones are extremely cheap to make and are way to overpriced and overrated. And you do realize you can't win this argument Duel. Because on paper M9 hardware is better maybe not software BUT hardware is better.; That's not exactly true.. Again pure opinion. You can't just compare an IOS and an android. If the S6 or M9 ran pure IOS software without bugs then on paper it will run faster because the hardware is physically better. And for crying out loud Iphones can't even run 1080P videos apart from the 6 plus. Also at this current generation 1080P for a flagship phone is standard and also recording 4K videos. Again people that own Iphones are generally simplistic. Also if it is the "best phone" then why isn't in most of the Top 5 websites? Funny thing is that Iphones are extremely cheap to make and are way to overpriced and overrated. And you do realize you can't win this argument Duel. Because on paper M9 hardware is better maybe not software BUT hardware is better.
smartphoneuser1, 10 May 2015The phone is ok, but the phone I'm using right now matches most of the specs, and I paid $200 ... more"The phone is ok, but the phone I'm using right now matches most of the specs, and I paid $200 for it."
 
 Only phone which matches iPhone 6 in the market is galaxy S6 and thats why it's the only android phone which sells well currently.; "The phone is ok, but the phone I'm using right now matches most of the specs, and I paid $200 for it."; Only phone which matches iPhone 6 in the market is galaxy S6 and thats why it's the only android phone which sells well currently.
The phone is ok, but the phone I'm using right now matches most of the specs, and I paid $200 for it. I understand it makes you more popular, but why? I've only tried iOS on iPad, but it seems crash-prone on Google Docs and it was pretty limited for my likes.; The phone is ok, but the phone I'm using right now matches most of the specs, and I paid $200 for it. I understand it makes you more popular, but why? I've only tried iOS on iPad, but it seems crash-prone on Google Docs and it was pretty limited for my likes.
alex, 10 May 2015seriously confused between iphone 6 and galaxy S6, i love the smoothness of iphone and open ec... moreOnly reason strong enough to stay with iphone 6 is it doesn't lag; Only reason strong enough to stay with iphone 6 is it doesn't lag
seriously confused between iphone 6 and galaxy S6, i love the smoothness of iphone and open ecosystem of android....iam using iphone 4s now,want to upgrade...but in confusion....anyone please say me a solid reason to stick with any of the two,dont say of SHOWING OFF; seriously confused between iphone 6 and galaxy S6, i love the smoothness of iphone and open ecosystem of android....iam using iphone 4s now,want to upgrade...but in confusion....anyone please say me a solid reason to stick with any of the two,dont say of SHOWING OFF
Pear, 10 May 2015I also think ios is decent, definitely not good or bad. But that text basically said "hey... moreYeah, I agree with you. Rich people like us consider social status more than quality. Even Korean celebrities don't use Samsung product. I see a lot of them using iphone and ipad. It is a matter of security and privacy that Apple product can provide for people like us thats matter more as android and windows tend to get virus more often.; Yeah, I agree with you. Rich people like us consider social status more than quality. Even Korean celebrities don't use Samsung product. I see a lot of them using iphone and ipad. It is a matter of security and privacy that Apple product can provide for people like us thats matter more as android and windows tend to get virus more often.
Pancake, 10 May 2015Except it's not. Ask anybody who knows smartphones.For most of people who want highend phone it is. IPhone 6 alone outsell every android highend phones combined.; For most of people who want highend phone it is. IPhone 6 alone outsell every android highend phones combined.
Duel, 10 May 2015Daily interest 49%!!! Still growing and phone is already half year old and still the interest ... moreExcept it's not.
 
 Ask anybody who knows smartphones.; Except it's not.; Ask anybody who knows smartphones.
Daily interest 49%!!! Still growing and phone is already half year old and still the interest about this phone just keep growing.
 
 Well, not that surprised, this is THE phone now.; Daily interest 49%!!! Still growing and phone is already half year old and still the interest about this phone just keep growing.; Well, not that surprised, this is THE phone now.
Apple fan, 10 May 2015"Buy the iphone 6. It is the classiest smartphone with premium build. The body of iphone ... moreyes bro u r right for giveing iphone 6 opinion; yes bro u r right for giveing iphone 6 opinion
Apple fan, 10 May 2015No its not. Iphone is the best in its class and category with no competitor using ios. Are you... moreI also think ios is decent, definitely not good or bad. But that text basically said "hey guys, we have a weaker battery, weaker camera, weaker processor and weaker paying system than the similar priced competitors on the market, but for some reason people value that and they will be gelous if you own of this devices, because it's all about social status, not about quality"!
 
 Man, whatever, stick to iphones...i personally prefer to pay a bit extra and get a better phone which allows to get a full day of heavy usage, survive if dropped, take amazing pictures and customize it to suit my needs...also, where i come from, most people don't envy you for having an iphone, they mainly pity you...; I also think ios is decent, definitely not good or bad. But that text basically said "hey guys, we have a weaker battery, weaker camera, weaker processor and weaker paying system than the similar priced competitors on the market, but for some reason people value that and they will be gelous if you own of this devices, because it's all about social status, not about quality"!; Man, whatever, stick to iphones...i personally prefer to pay a bit extra and get a better phone which allows to get a full day of heavy usage, survive if dropped, take amazing pictures and customize it to suit my needs...also, where i come from, most people don't envy you for having an iphone, they mainly pity you...
this handset looks so prety and their features accoding to me so gud their ios 8.3 works exellent; this handset looks so prety and their features accoding to me so gud their ios 8.3 works exellent
Pear, 10 May 2015I hope that was sarcasm, right? You can't possibly say those things with an open mind and actu... moreNo its not. Iphone is the best in its class and category with no competitor using ios. Are you saying iphone 6 is bad? You must be a fandroid. Its hardware quality is optimized to its software.; No its not. Iphone is the best in its class and category with no competitor using ios. Are you saying iphone 6 is bad? You must be a fandroid. Its hardware quality is optimized to its software.
newbie, 10 May 2015hi. actually right now i am using ipod touch. not sure about the generation i guess the 04' ve... morehttps://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201266
newbie, 10 May 2015hi. actually right now i am using ipod touch. not sure about the generation i guess the 04' ve... moreUse your Apple ID with the iTunes Store
 Open the latest version of iTunes.
 Choose Store > Sign In.
 Enter your Apple ID and password and click Sign In.
 Click Review when asked to review your information.
 Enter your billing information.
 Click Continue after you enter your credit card and billing information. You can remove or edit your credit card information at any time. Learn more about updating your iTunes Store account information.; Use your Apple ID with the iTunes Store; Open the latest version of iTunes.; Choose Store > Sign In.; Enter your Apple ID and password and click Sign In.; Click Review when asked to review your information.; Enter your billing information.; Click Continue after you enter your credit card and billing information. You can remove or edit your credit card information at any time. Learn more about updating your iTunes Store account information.
Apple fan, 10 May 2015"Buy the iphone 6. It is the classiest smartphone with premium build. The body of iphone ... moreI hope that was sarcasm, right? You can't possibly say those things with an open mind and actually think that what you just wrote makes the iphone of any quality??; I hope that was sarcasm, right? You can't possibly say those things with an open mind and actually think that what you just wrote makes the iphone of any quality??
"Buy the iphone 6. It is the classiest smartphone with premium build. The body of iphone 6 is made from anodized aluminum, stainless steel and glass which give out an exceptional design quality. This expensive smartphone will make you appear rich. Its closed platform OS is exclusively used by rich people like you. Your peers will be jealous of your new gadget. Pay for all your apps in the Apple store with your hard earned salary. Its display possess a superior 4.7 inch compare to its predecessor will keep you entertain with latest movies, social media, and taking crisp photos with 8 megapixel rear camera. Share your high-class selfie on Instagram with its 1.2 megapixel front camera. Use your finger to unlock your phone and no longer need to struggle with forgetful passwords and struggle with getting your finger in the right position instead. Apple product brings you the best experience with blazing fast 4G internet network. Apple iphone 6, truly the friut of Apple Inc." - truthfull advertising.(No offense intended); "Buy the iphone 6. It is the classiest smartphone with premium build. The body of iphone 6 is made from anodized aluminum, stainless steel and glass which give out an exceptional design quality. This expensive smartphone will make you appear rich. Its closed platform OS is exclusively used by rich people like you. Your peers will be jealous of your new gadget. Pay for all your apps in the Apple store with your hard earned salary. Its display possess a superior 4.7 inch compare to its predecessor will keep you entertain with latest movies, social media, and taking crisp photos with 8 megapixel rear camera. Share your high-class selfie on Instagram with its 1.2 megapixel front camera. Use your finger to unlock your phone and no longer need to struggle with forgetful passwords and struggle with getting your finger in the right position instead. Apple product brings you the best experience with blazing fast 4G internet network. Apple iphone 6, truly the friut of Apple Inc." - truthfull advertising.(No offense intended)
good phn....; good phn....
Ali, 09 May 2015Hello dear.Yes may be you are right there is no edit option for apple id payment mode in lapto... morehi. actually right now i am using ipod touch. not sure about the generation i guess the 04' version or the 08'. i tried to reset everything though, i used my old apple id but it goes to the same page where it says "your apple id is not sign in to itunes". i even downloaded itunes on my laptop in case. does it matter where your location is right now for me not to see "NONE" on the CC information? I am really confused. I only wanted to get the free apps though without paying apple for some app. both my device and laptop goes to the same page. i even tried to sign up with new ID but no matter what i do, it keeps blocking me. please help.; hi. actually right now i am using ipod touch. not sure about the generation i guess the 04' version or the 08'. i tried to reset everything though, i used my old apple id but it goes to the same page where it says "your apple id is not sign in to itunes". i even downloaded itunes on my laptop in case. does it matter where your location is right now for me not to see "NONE" on the CC information? I am really confused. I only wanted to get the free apps though without paying apple for some app. both my device and laptop goes to the same page. i even tried to sign up with new ID but no matter what i do, it keeps blocking me. please help.
iphone6 is the best phone in the history ever; iphone6 is the best phone in the history ever
Iphone 6 is a perfect phone with zero problems.; Iphone 6 is a perfect phone with zero problems.
Ali, 09 May 2015Hello dear.Yes may be you are right there is no edit option for apple id payment mode in lapto... more&#128077;; &#128077;
Anonymous, 09 May 2015But you do realise why people get Iphones right? Peer pressure. Want to blend in with others e... more"But you do realise why people get Iphones right?"
 
 Because it's a great phone and people like what they are getting.; "But you do realise why people get Iphones right?"; Because it's a great phone and people like what they are getting.
newbie, 09 May 2015hi! thanks for the response. i appreciate it. i have a question, can i do it on my phone or sh... moreHello dear.Yes may be you are right there is no edit option for apple id payment mode in laptop.I also can't find it on my laptop.You can edit it on ur iphone.
 Step 1-Go to Settings
 2- iTunes and AppStore
 3- Select Apple Id
 4- View ur apple id 
 5- Sign in
 6- Payment mode
 7- Select None.
 Thats it :); Hello dear.Yes may be you are right there is no edit option for apple id payment mode in laptop.I also can't find it on my laptop.You can edit it on ur iphone.; Step 1-Go to Settings; 2- iTunes and AppStore; 3- Select Apple Id; 4- View ur apple id; 5- Sign in; 6- Payment mode; 7- Select None.; Thats it :)
riyaz, 08 May 2015Which is the best iphone 6 or Samsung galaxy s6 edge. Pls reply guys There is not one piblication that considers the iphone 6 better than the s6... The s6 is the obvious choice now for best camera, battery and speed, not to mention innovation and features (wireless charging, fast charging, uninstalling preloaded apps, etc...).; There is not one piblication that considers the iphone 6 better than the s6... The s6 is the obvious choice now for best camera, battery and speed, not to mention innovation and features (wireless charging, fast charging, uninstalling preloaded apps, etc...).
simply the best fone is Apple fone........; simply the best fone is Apple fone........
Duel, 08 May 2015And what that 3GB should mean? Why would people need/want 3GB phone? S6 is known to have memor... moreBut you do realise why people get Iphones right? Peer pressure. Want to blend in with others especially if you're an average teenager. Also for simplicity. No offence or anything but people that use Iphones are pretty simplitic generally THAT I know of. Of course I know there is people that just prefer simplicity even if they know what they are doing and are academically smart. And looking by the comments and judging the camera seems pretty bad judging it with the S6. Iphone is only better in colour but lacks detail whereas its the other way round with the S6. http://www.gsmarena.com/piccmp.php3?idType=1&­;idPhone1=6849&idPhone2=6378&idCamera3=3­0003; But you do realise why people get Iphones right? Peer pressure. Want to blend in with others especially if you're an average teenager. Also for simplicity. No offence or anything but people that use Iphones are pretty simplitic generally THAT I know of. Of course I know there is people that just prefer simplicity even if they know what they are doing and are academically smart. And looking by the comments and judging the camera seems pretty bad judging it with the S6. Iphone is only better in colour but lacks detail whereas its the other way round with the S6.
Cena, 09 May 2015Why Iphone not have the pause option when you recording the video? Someone can answer this qu... moreThat's a good question, no answer put solution yes. Luckily there's 3rd video recording apps which can does that; That's a good question, no answer put solution yes. Luckily there's 3rd video recording apps which can does that
riyaz, 08 May 2015Which is the best iphone 6 or Samsung galaxy s6 edge. Pls reply guys of corse iphone; of corse iphone
riyaz, 08 May 2015Which is the best iphone 6 or Samsung galaxy s6 edge. Pls reply guys I am using I phone 6 more than 6 months very good performs, only one problem using video calling battery very fast discharge; I am using I phone 6 more than 6 months very good performs, only one problem using video calling battery very fast discharge
Why Iphone not have the pause option when you recording the video? Someone can answer this question guys?; Why Iphone not have the pause option when you recording the video? Someone can answer this question guys?
Ali, 08 May 2015Dear sign in to your apple id edit and select payment mode to (none) and save it.After that u ... morehi! thanks for the response. i appreciate it. i have a question, can i do it on my phone or should i on my laptop? becuase as far as i remember, i was not able to see edit word on that screen. unfortunately, i do not have my device here with me since i am at work now.; hi! thanks for the response. i appreciate it. i have a question, can i do it on my phone or should i on my laptop? becuase as far as i remember, i was not able to see edit word on that screen. unfortunately, i do not have my device here with me since i am at work now.
Anonymous, 08 May 2015I'm taking that you're an Iphone user... However I do agree with you that most people have no ... moreAnd what that 3GB should mean? Why would people need/want 3GB phone? S6 is known to have memory problem which means reloading lot of apps in multitasking.; And what that 3GB should mean? Why would people need/want 3GB phone? S6 is known to have memory problem which means reloading lot of apps in multitasking.
Duel, 08 May 2015No matter what you say, but currently iPhone is the phone which most want when they are buying... moreYou know, Taylor Swift is pretty popular these days, she sells cds by the truckload and there are tons of teens that want to be like her.
 
 But that doesn't mean she is the best and most talented artist, right?
 
 The same goes to iphone; just because everyone and their dogs want it, doesn't make it the best.; You know, Taylor Swift is pretty popular these days, she sells cds by the truckload and there are tons of teens that want to be like her.; But that doesn't mean she is the best and most talented artist, right?; The same goes to iphone; just because everyone and their dogs want it, doesn't make it the best.
Which is the best iphone 6 or Samsung galaxy s6 edge. Pls reply guys; Which is the best iphone 6 or Samsung galaxy s6 edge. Pls reply guys
Peach, 08 May 2015Like developing a personality and having options on their phone? That is not an argument by... moreNo matter what you say, but currently iPhone is the phone which most want when they are buying highend phone.; No matter what you say, but currently iPhone is the phone which most want when they are buying highend phone.
Duel, 08 May 2015Of course i know what rooting is like we all who are following mobile world, i don't get your ... moreI'm taking that you're an Iphone user... However I do agree with you that most people have no idea what the phone has or its real potential. This is a question that I can never understand though, "Iphone 6 or S6?". If you understand that the S6 has an 16MP camera with 3GB RAM... but to most people it means nothing to when they are deciding on which to choose. IF they understood what they actually are it would be an easy decision. Of course I know that people in general just prefer how IOS works than Android but to be honest if you can't make a decision then they should justgo for Xiaomi (although not the best of brands and does has its problems) as it basically is a bit of both styles from IOS and Android; I'm taking that you're an Iphone user... However I do agree with you that most people have no idea what the phone has or its real potential. This is a question that I can never understand though, "Iphone 6 or S6?". If you understand that the S6 has an 16MP camera with 3GB RAM... but to most people it means nothing to when they are deciding on which to choose. IF they understood what they actually are it would be an easy decision. Of course I know that people in general just prefer how IOS works than Android but to be honest if you can't make a decision then they should justgo for Xiaomi (although not the best of brands and does has its problems) as it basically is a bit of both styles from IOS and Android
Sinu, 08 May 2015Why does my iPhone 6 get heaten up easily? Is that normal?Restore ur iphone it will solve heating issue.; Restore ur iphone it will solve heating issue.
newbie, 08 May 2015Is there any way coz to tell you guys, I have an apple device but no apps yet, although I have... moreDear sign in to your apple id edit and select payment mode to (none) and save it.After that u can download apps on app store.; Dear sign in to your apple id edit and select payment mode to (none) and save it.After that u can download apps on app store.
Sabba, 07 May 2015After jailbreaking can i locked any app ? Like gallery or whatsap ? Yes Sabba u can lock whatsapp and other apps after jailbreak.; Yes Sabba u can lock whatsapp and other apps after jailbreak.
Anonymous, 08 May 2015Ahah what is this bs, how do you do it? My nephew with Z3 Compact is begging his parents for a... moreLike developing a personality and having options on their phone?
 
 That is not an argument by the way. Kids want iphones indeed. Don't tell me that is because it's the best phone. It is not. Critics and industry professionals don't even place it in a top 5. It is because peer pressure and branding. 
 
 Is it a decent phone? Yes
 Is it innovative? No
 Is it the best? No
 Are there cheaper phones that are better? Yes
 Are there more expensive phones that are better? Yes
 Do kids go crazy for it? Yes
 
 Simple x; Like developing a personality and having options on their phone?; That is not an argument by the way. Kids want iphones indeed. Don't tell me that is because it's the best phone. It is not. Critics and industry professionals don't even place it in a top 5. It is because peer pressure and branding.; Is it a decent phone? Yes; Is it innovative? No; Is it the best? No; Are there cheaper phones that are better? Yes; Are there more expensive phones that are better? Yes; Do kids go crazy for it? Yes; Simple x
Nobody, 07 May 2015Jailbreak means unlocking the locked device which were locked previously by network provider, ... moreTotally wrong..that's called unlocking; Totally wrong..that's called unlocking
Anonymous, 07 May 2015That is just pure opinion. It's like supporting a football team, each team has their "goo... moreAhah what is this bs, how do you do it? My nephew with Z3 Compact is begging his parents for an iPhone 6 or 5s, even iPhone 5. That's reality, iPhones are way superior in every way, with ad-droid he can't even go and buy a gift card to buy games, ad-droid blocks kids from all kinds of fun and useful stuff.; Ahah what is this bs, how do you do it? My nephew with Z3 Compact is begging his parents for an iPhone 6 or 5s, even iPhone 5. That's reality, iPhones are way superior in every way, with ad-droid he can't even go and buy a gift card to buy games, ad-droid blocks kids from all kinds of fun and useful stuff.
Douche, 08 May 2015Rooting simply means by-passing the orginal designed operating system. Say, for these Apple ph... moreOnly download (outside of Play Store) but can't install. iOS can't run Android Applications.; Only download (outside of Play Store) but can't install. iOS can't run Android Applications.
Sabba, 07 May 2015After jailbreaking can i locked any app ? Like gallery or whatsap ? Yes , using bioprotect; Yes , using bioprotect
Why does my iPhone 6 get heaten up easily?
 Is that normal?; Why does my iPhone 6 get heaten up easily?; Is that normal?
Is there any way coz to tell you guys, I have an apple device but no apps yet, although I have already an apple id and pass but when I go through the appstore to get a free app like facebookm it actually telling me to enter a credit card number .. i mean is there a way we can get an app without signing in to itunes? need really help badly. so new on this device.; Is there any way coz to tell you guys, I have an apple device but no apps yet, although I have already an apple id and pass but when I go through the appstore to get a free app like facebookm it actually telling me to enter a credit card number .. i mean is there a way we can get an app without signing in to itunes? need really help badly. so new on this device.
Anonymous, 07 May 2015Okay maybe Z3 doesn't have the best camera.. but let me ask you question do you know what root... moreRooting simply means by-passing the orginal designed operating system. Say, for these Apple phones its iOS right? At the time you root or by-pass it, you'd be able to download Android applications. :); Rooting simply means by-passing the orginal designed operating system. Say, for these Apple phones its iOS right? At the time you root or by-pass it, you'd be able to download Android applications. :)
Why Iphone not have the pause option when you recording the video?; Why Iphone not have the pause option when you recording the video?
Anonymous, 07 May 2015Okay maybe Z3 doesn't have the best camera.. but let me ask you question do you know what root... moreOf course i know what rooting is like we all who are following mobile world, i don't get your point, at least 95% android users doesn't have any idea what rooting is and never heard the word, same goes to iOS users. Most of people who buy smartphones are just normal people who doesn't care or know much about these devices. Just like most of people who buy computer use very small amount potential from it.; Of course i know what rooting is like we all who are following mobile world, i don't get your point, at least 95% android users doesn't have any idea what rooting is and never heard the word, same goes to iOS users. Most of people who buy smartphones are just normal people who doesn't care or know much about these devices. Just like most of people who buy computer use very small amount potential from it.
Nobody, 07 May 2015Jailbreak means unlocking the locked device which were locked previously by network provider, ... moreAfter jailbreaking can i locked any app ? Like gallery or whatsap ?; After jailbreaking can i locked any app ? Like gallery or whatsap ?
Nobody, 07 May 2015Jailbreak means unlocking the locked device which were locked previously by network provider, ... moreReally helpfull reply dear; Really helpfull reply dear
Duel, 07 May 2015Z3 best camera? :D why you lie to people? "People that tend to use Iphones are very cl... moreOkay maybe Z3 doesn't have the best camera.. but let me ask you question do you know what rooting is?; Okay maybe Z3 doesn't have the best camera.. but let me ask you question do you know what rooting is?
I can't seem to find any serious magazine that has this phone in its top 5, but usually in the top 10! Well done to apple for making a phone that is comparable with other flagships and finally getting a lower spot in the top 10s...I wouldn't buy it of course but well done...; I can't seem to find any serious magazine that has this phone in its top 5, but usually in the top 10! Well done to apple for making a phone that is comparable with other flagships and finally getting a lower spot in the top 10s...I wouldn't buy it of course but well done...
Anonymous, 07 May 2015That is just pure opinion. It's like supporting a football team, each team has their "goo... moreZ3 best camera? :D why you lie to people?
 
 "People that tend to use Iphones are very closed in and have no awareness of other flagship phones"
 
 Of course they have and that's why so many chosing iPhone.
 
 "Android Switchers Drive iOS Adoption in Europe During First Quarter"; Z3 best camera? :D why you lie to people?; "People that tend to use Iphones are very closed in and have no awareness of other flagship phones"; Of course they have and that's why so many chosing iPhone.; "Android Switchers Drive iOS Adoption in Europe During First Quarter"
Need some advise about iphone 5s and 6. I've been told that iphone 5s is better than iphone6. Iphone 6 camera are seriously superb but running a little bit slower during Internet browser. Iphone 5s is much more stable.; Need some advise about iphone 5s and 6. I've been told that iphone 5s is better than iphone6. Iphone 6 camera are seriously superb but running a little bit slower during Internet browser. Iphone 5s is much more stable.
Anonymous, 07 May 2015I think apple iphone 6 is better than samsung phones Value for money and value for price drop... moreSeriously? Iphone look the same for the past few model especially the interface. Just a waste of money. I rather jump from one brand to another.; Seriously? Iphone look the same for the past few model especially the interface. Just a waste of money. I rather jump from one brand to another.
Anonymous, 07 May 2015I think apple iphone 6 is better than samsung phones Value for money and value for price drop... moreThat is just pure opinion. It's like supporting a football team, each team has their "good players" and "bad players". I'm not bashing on Apple nor the people that use it. People that tend to use Iphones are very closed in and have no awareness of other flagship phones. Someone asked me the other day (this person has an Iphone) is the Z3 good? I facepalmed pretty hard. The Z3 currently has currently the best camera out of all current smartphones and that is undeniable. I'm pretty sure most Iphone users don't know what the term "rooting","custom roms" and "unlocked bootloader". Apple doesn't allow you to do any of that at all. You have no freedom using Apple products unlike Android. There is almost unlimited things you can do with "root"; That is just pure opinion. It's like supporting a football team, each team has their "good players" and "bad players". I'm not bashing on Apple nor the people that use it. People that tend to use Iphones are very closed in and have no awareness of other flagship phones. Someone asked me the other day (this person has an Iphone) is the Z3 good? I facepalmed pretty hard. The Z3 currently has currently the best camera out of all current smartphones and that is undeniable. I'm pretty sure most Iphone users don't know what the term "rooting","custom roms" and "unlocked bootloader". Apple doesn't allow you to do any of that at all. You have no freedom using Apple products unlike Android. There is almost unlimited things you can do with "root"
I think apple iphone 6 is better than samsung phones
 Value for money and value for price drop...samsung phones suddently drop the price...all phones are looking same...no new styles...apple is more better than all android phones...; I think apple iphone 6 is better than samsung phones; Value for money and value for price drop...samsung phones suddently drop the price...all phones are looking same...no new styles...apple is more better than all android phones...
I don't understand why everybody wants a white iPhone. Everyone knows that black iPhone ruins faster.; I don't understand why everybody wants a white iPhone. Everyone knows that black iPhone ruins faster.
Sabba, 06 May 2015What is jailbreak ?Jailbreak means unlocking the locked device which were locked previously by network provider, by unlocking it one can use freely with any network provider unlike before. This term stands only for those devices which are provider by network providers under contract or with certain plans. It can be gsm or cdma technology both.; Jailbreak means unlocking the locked device which were locked previously by network provider, by unlocking it one can use freely with any network provider unlike before. This term stands only for those devices which are provider by network providers under contract or with certain plans. It can be gsm or cdma technology both.
I am using this phone since launch and I can tell you its fast reliable and supported by Apple so that every major update gets released instantly. Most Android devices wont even receive updates for 1 year.; I am using this phone since launch and I can tell you its fast reliable and supported by Apple so that every major update gets released instantly. Most Android devices wont even receive updates for 1 year.
Anonymous, 05 May 2015Personally I'm not a huge fan of apple products and really do hate apple BUT before you start ... moreI agree with most you said, however I genuinely think Android is easier to use, once you get used to it.
 
 I mean i set up my mom's phone to literally just have a contact, messages and skype app on her front page. I could not do that with an iOS....i mean Android is so customisable that you can make it as easy or as complicated as you want...; I agree with most you said, however I genuinely think Android is easier to use, once you get used to it.; I mean i set up my mom's phone to literally just have a contact, messages and skype app on her front page. I could not do that with an iOS....i mean Android is so customisable that you can make it as easy or as complicated as you want...
Rzi25, 06 May 2015I will choose S6 for brand new and faster flash memory, excellent photography (focus tracking,... moreThis phone including exynos leggy processor 
 Miss you qualcomm; This phone including exynos leggy processor; Miss you qualcomm
Both devices are great!
 You love ios go for iPhone 6
 And android go for s6; Both devices are great!; You love ios go for iPhone 6; And android go for s6
Riffy, 06 May 2015Can anyone tell me that which is better choise Iphone 6 or S6 please help?I will choose S6 for brand new and faster flash memory, excellent photography (focus tracking, OIS), stereo microphone, larger screen, and Android Lollipop features.; I will choose S6 for brand new and faster flash memory, excellent photography (focus tracking, OIS), stereo microphone, larger screen, and Android Lollipop features.
Can anyone tell me that which is better choise Iphone 6 or S6 please help?; Can anyone tell me that which is better choise Iphone 6 or S6 please help?
What is jailbreak ?; What is jailbreak ?
Duel, 04 May 2015"Every one you ask why you like Iphone 80-90% of them won't be able to answer specificall... moreAsk anyone who's got an android device and the smashing majority will give the same answer as iOS users.; Ask anyone who's got an android device and the smashing majority will give the same answer as iOS users.
Iphone 6/plus have a PowerVR GX6650 not 6430; Iphone 6/plus have a PowerVR GX6650 not 6430
Personally I'm not a huge fan of apple products and really do hate apple BUT before you start hating on me let me get some things straight. Apple is very good for its simplicity and it's user friendly UI I'd admit. If you look at its specs,the display would be probably be the best as it can run videos in 1080p at 60fps. Not even some flagship phones can do that. However "lagdroid" is kinda offensive to android users such as myself because you do realise that Iphone only runs on 1GB of RAM and lag can be a bit of an issue as I have seen my friends lagging when playing with games but the reason why it doesn't act as "1GB RAM" because of how they wire and put the components in specific places that will not make the Iphone "lag" as much" but taking in consideration that most flagship phones such as the S6 and Z3 run on 3GB of RAM and using the term "lagdroid" doesn't make any sense what so ever as flagship phones don't lag. But only a bit. To sum up: If you want a user friendly UI then go for Iphone. Want something that's a bit more advanced, then go for Android such as S6 or Z3.; Personally I'm not a huge fan of apple products and really do hate apple BUT before you start hating on me let me get some things straight. Apple is very good for its simplicity and it's user friendly UI I'd admit. If you look at its specs,the display would be probably be the best as it can run videos in 1080p at 60fps. Not even some flagship phones can do that. However "lagdroid" is kinda offensive to android users such as myself because you do realise that Iphone only runs on 1GB of RAM and lag can be a bit of an issue as I have seen my friends lagging when playing with games but the reason why it doesn't act as "1GB RAM" because of how they wire and put the components in specific places that will not make the Iphone "lag" as much" but taking in consideration that most flagship phones such as the S6 and Z3 run on 3GB of RAM and using the term "lagdroid" doesn't make any sense what so ever as flagship phones don't lag. But only a bit. To sum up: If you want a user friendly UI then go for Iphone. Want something that's a bit more advanced, then go for Android such as S6 or Z3.
im still confused if the iphone 6 in terms of size will be sufficient since the 6 is like a tad longer than my previous 5, im still rooting for the 6+ by all means since i've been using a Note 4 for the past 2 months & the size seems bearable. I just can't decide whether id stick to the classic 6 or go with the 6 plus. Can you help me guys? Thanks.; im still confused if the iphone 6 in terms of size will be sufficient since the 6 is like a tad longer than my previous 5, im still rooting for the 6+ by all means since i've been using a Note 4 for the past 2 months & the size seems bearable. I just can't decide whether id stick to the classic 6 or go with the 6 plus. Can you help me guys? Thanks.
Scorpio, 05 May 2015How does the display and the camera compare to your Note 4? I have an S4 which is excellent bu... moreBoth are great choices, biggest difference is iOS vs android ecosystem.; Both are great choices, biggest difference is iOS vs android ecosystem.
Scorpio, 05 May 2015How does the display and the camera compare to your Note 4? I have an S4 which is excellent bu... moremust go for s6 edge.. apple is just a brand name!; must go for s6 edge.. apple is just a brand name!
I had the iPhone 4 before getting an iPhone 6 and works great so far. I like how easy the fingerprint sensor works for login as well as the apps store. I also have a mac mini at home and it's great to pick up on where I left off on some apps. It's not the most powerful phone out there but I like how simple it make things.; I had the iPhone 4 before getting an iPhone 6 and works great so far. I like how easy the fingerprint sensor works for login as well as the apps store. I also have a mac mini at home and it's great to pick up on where I left off on some apps. It's not the most powerful phone out there but I like how simple it make things.
Smartphone Fan, 01 May 2015I've finally switched to Iphone after months of confusion.And being coming from an Android dev... moreHow does the display and the camera compare to your Note 4? I have an S4 which is excellent but is due for replacement and I can't decide between S6 and iphone6.; How does the display and the camera compare to your Note 4? I have an S4 which is excellent but is due for replacement and I can't decide between S6 and iphone6.
Anonymous, 04 May 2015Apple mapping system is the worst. Google mapping is way better. Google has spent many years g... moreGlonass system of windows phone is better than any other lagdroid or apple mapping system; Glonass system of windows phone is better than any other lagdroid or apple mapping system
Apple mapping system is the worst. Google mapping is way better. Google has spent many years gathering information and locations for their superb mapping product, and it’s going to take Apple a long, long time to catch up to anywhere near the same level of quality. Navigation is important for people who travel a lot.; Apple mapping system is the worst. Google mapping is way better. Google has spent many years gathering information and locations for their superb mapping product, and it’s going to take Apple a long, long time to catch up to anywhere near the same level of quality. Navigation is important for people who travel a lot.
dinesh12000, 04 May 2015Its all Hype created by Brand Name. and desire of people to show that can afford expensive pie... more"Every one you ask why you like Iphone 80-90% of them won't be able to answer specifically -They will say- Quality is good. software is good. ok agreed software is good what about the hardware same hardware is given by 10K INR. phone."
 
 What about hardware? Hardware is so good that you don't need to think it, it just works. Why people would need to care about hardware? Do you think 99% of people who buy PS4 knows what CPU or GPU it has? NO! It runs every game you buy smooth and fast (i guess?) so why would you care what is under the hood?
 
 "so if Iphone works fine with IOS using old school hardware why they are not giving latest hardware coz they are fooling you ppl"
 
 It's not oldschool hardware it's just different approach, Apple makes those two cores as powerful as they can and while others giving more cores but losing single core speed. Clearly what Apple doing is working great. 
 
 Or do you really think with S6 hardware iPhone could be like 4 times faster? Isnt that would be very funny for competitors if let's say s6 opens a game in 20 second and now iPhone 6 opens it already about same time, if Apple would give us that so called "new" hardware that game would open let' say in 5 second? Right? Wouldnt that be very pathetic for those android OEMs. I really doubt it would have end up like that. Im sure Apple have tried all the options which gives them best performance.; "Every one you ask why you like Iphone 80-90% of them won't be able to answer specifically -They will say- Quality is good. software is good. ok agreed software is good what about the hardware same hardware is given by 10K INR. phone."; What about hardware? Hardware is so good that you don't need to think it, it just works. Why people would need to care about hardware? Do you think 99% of people who buy PS4 knows what CPU or GPU it has? NO! It runs every game you buy smooth and fast (i guess?) so why would you care what is under the hood?; "so if Iphone works fine with IOS using old school hardware why they are not giving latest hardware coz they are fooling you ppl"; It's not oldschool hardware it's just different approach, Apple makes those two cores as powerful as they can and while others giving more cores but losing single core speed. Clearly what Apple doing is working great.; Or do you really think with S6 hardware iPhone could be like 4 times faster? Isnt that would be very funny for competitors if let's say s6 opens a game in 20 second and now iPhone 6 opens it already about same time, if Apple would give us that so called "new" hardware that game would open let' say in 5 second? Right? Wouldnt that be very pathetic for those android OEMs. I really doubt it would have end up like that. Im sure Apple have tried all the options which gives them best performance.
Emrick.P, 03 May 2015Hello everyone. I recently bought a Iphone 6 and I would like to share my opinion about it. I ... moreThe battery life does suck. It's fully charged and without using it the battery sucks up at least 20 percent in half an hpur; The battery life does suck. It's fully charged and without using it the battery sucks up at least 20 percent in half an hpur
Anonymous, 04 May 2015Yeah right. Hundreds of those million apple watch going to end up crushed to pieces by youtube... more"Guess how many of those sold watches or phones really used for good. "
 
 Millions and tens of millions.; "Guess how many of those sold watches or phones really used for good. "; Millions and tens of millions.
samit, 01 May 2015i have got iphone 6 from Dubai from a distant relative It was brand new and factory unlocked a... moreYes it's possible. It's usually the ones sold by T- mobile , it's unlocked but not sim free. It just like the sim free unlocked versions , there is no difference. That sim you found in it is more or less useless and I really don't know why they sell it that way . Put your own sim and you are ready to go.; Yes it's possible. It's usually the ones sold by T- mobile , it's unlocked but not sim free. It just like the sim free unlocked versions , there is no difference. That sim you found in it is more or less useless and I really don't know why they sell it that way . Put your own sim and you are ready to go.
Emrick.P, 03 May 2015Hello everyone. I recently bought a Iphone 6 and I would like to share my opinion about it. I ... morei aggree; i aggree
Its all Hype created by Brand Name. and desire of people to show that can afford expensive piece. other wise Iphone clearly fools its customers . I will prove it right now. Every one you ask why you like Iphone 80-90% of them won't be able to answer specifically -They will say- Quality is good. software is good. ok agreed software is good what about the hardware same hardware is given by 10K INR. phone. or a budget phone. so if Iphone works fine with IOS using old school hardware why they are not giving latest hardware coz they are fooling you ppl as the cost of software is one time its fixed cost. And above all many people dont want to accept that its a bad phone coz they have already spend a lot on it.; Its all Hype created by Brand Name. and desire of people to show that can afford expensive piece. other wise Iphone clearly fools its customers . I will prove it right now. Every one you ask why you like Iphone 80-90% of them won't be able to answer specifically -They will say- Quality is good. software is good. ok agreed software is good what about the hardware same hardware is given by 10K INR. phone. or a budget phone. so if Iphone works fine with IOS using old school hardware why they are not giving latest hardware coz they are fooling you ppl as the cost of software is one time its fixed cost. And above all many people dont want to accept that its a bad phone coz they have already spend a lot on it.
Duel, 01 May 2015"And please let's not start the conversation about the watches. We both know that that is... moreYeah right. Hundreds of those million apple watch going to end up crushed to pieces by youtube reviewer trying to put it to ridiculous test like waterproof test, drop test, scratch test, hammer test, put in microwave, boiling it in cola and a lot of other unneccessaries stuff. Guess how many of those sold watches or phones really used for good. Most of them are being destroyed by reviewer. I know that the US and India have to most number of reviewer that do this things.; Yeah right. Hundreds of those million apple watch going to end up crushed to pieces by youtube reviewer trying to put it to ridiculous test like waterproof test, drop test, scratch test, hammer test, put in microwave, boiling it in cola and a lot of other unneccessaries stuff. Guess how many of those sold watches or phones really used for good. Most of them are being destroyed by reviewer. I know that the US and India have to most number of reviewer that do this things.
Hello everyone. I recently bought a Iphone 6 and I would like to share my opinion about it. I am disappointed enough by my purchase. Generally, I like apple because I have Macbook which I would exchange for nothing else. However I phone 6 is too expensive. Battery life very poor. Furthermore, it really has nothing very special compared with the other GSM having the same features and which are cheaper. I recommend you not to buy it; Hello everyone. I recently bought a Iphone 6 and I would like to share my opinion about it. I am disappointed enough by my purchase. Generally, I like apple because I have Macbook which I would exchange for nothing else. However I phone 6 is too expensive. Battery life very poor. Furthermore, it really has nothing very special compared with the other GSM having the same features and which are cheaper. I recommend you not to buy it
Anonymous, 03 May 2015I'm smoking only the best stuff. Don't worry about that.. So you are behind that anonymous nick too, makes sense. It's sad to hide under anonymous nicks.; So you are behind that anonymous nick too, makes sense. It's sad to hide under anonymous nicks.
Well I finally turned in my old standard flip open cell phone to get the great iPhone 6 from Apple. Guess what. My old phone picked up signals and was clearer for calls than my new i6. My new phone breaks up unless there is a really strong signal. Yes, it has lots of "I world" features but is not as good as my free phone I first had. I use the same provider, Verizon, and phone from the same locations. 3 stars at most and that is because of its many features not its great performance. Do I recommend this $600 phone? Deinitely not, if what you are looking for is a top performing call and receive phone!!!; Well I finally turned in my old standard flip open cell phone to get the great iPhone 6 from Apple. Guess what. My old phone picked up signals and was clearer for calls than my new i6. My new phone breaks up unless there is a really strong signal. Yes, it has lots of "I world" features but is not as good as my free phone I first had. I use the same provider, Verizon, and phone from the same locations. 3 stars at most and that is because of its many features not its great performance. Do I recommend this $600 phone? Deinitely not, if what you are looking for is a top performing call and receive phone!!!
Duel, 02 May 2015"Why not. You thing that is only your prevelige to do that. Maybe i'll start to coment an... moreI'm smoking only the best stuff. Don't worry about that..; I'm smoking only the best stuff. Don't worry about that..
Just out of curiosity wanna know why the screen on time of a phone and web browsing time have huge difference??
 
 Reviewer states the web browsing time is around 10hrs but the screen on time what most people get is around 3 hrs :O; Just out of curiosity wanna know why the screen on time of a phone and web browsing time have huge difference??; Reviewer states the web browsing time is around 10hrs but the screen on time what most people get is around 3 hrs :O
iphone's performance impressed me. but it seems that the connectivity to non-apple devices is VERY2 restricted, besides no sd card. i hope that apple will fix these disadvantages in future. its good to be exclusive, but never be too closed. Or they will face same fate like chinese emperor's dynasty. invented paper, gunpowder, noodles, ice-cream, war strategies and got first human that tried to fly... FINALLY humiliated by france, england and japan.........; iphone's performance impressed me. but it seems that the connectivity to non-apple devices is VERY2 restricted, besides no sd card. i hope that apple will fix these disadvantages in future. its good to be exclusive, but never be too closed. Or they will face same fate like chinese emperor's dynasty. invented paper, gunpowder, noodles, ice-cream, war strategies and got first human that tried to fly... FINALLY humiliated by france, england and japan.........
Anonymous, 02 May 2015I'm smoking only the best stuff. Don't worry about that.. You should stop because it clearly mess your head... :D; You should stop because it clearly mess your head... :D
Duel, 02 May 2015"Why not. You thing that is only your prevelige to do that. Maybe i'll start to coment an... moreI'm smoking only the best stuff. Don't worry about that..; I'm smoking only the best stuff. Don't worry about that..
iPhone6 is very expensive some country so need extra card solt that is good for users thx; iPhone6 is very expensive some country so need extra card solt that is good for users thx
Anonymous, 02 May 2015Why not. You thing that is only your prevelige to do that. Maybe i'll start to coment anonymou... more"Why not. You thing that is only your prevelige to do that. Maybe i'll start to coment anonymously and reply to my self (like you) but i haven't decided yet"
 
 Really man?!?! :D what are you smoking? Still living that delusional world? I have never replied to myself and i always use this name. Im automatically logged to this site every computer, phone and tablet what i use.
 
 Can you point one comment here which you think i wrote to myself? I bet you can't because there isn't
 
 By the way i haven't reported your comments don't know who does that, but i'v noticed your messages are gone very fast so can't you get the hint?; "Why not. You thing that is only your prevelige to do that. Maybe i'll start to coment anonymously and reply to my self (like you) but i haven't decided yet"; Really man?!?! :D what are you smoking? Still living that delusional world? I have never replied to myself and i always use this name. Im automatically logged to this site every computer, phone and tablet what i use.; Can you point one comment here which you think i wrote to myself? I bet you can't because there isn't; By the way i haven't reported your comments don't know who does that, but i'v noticed your messages are gone very fast so can't you get the hint?
Duel, 02 May 2015I don't care about RAM and i don't know what dissent means, but yes camera is main reason for ... moreWhy not. You thing that is only your prevelige to do that. Maybe i'll start to coment anonymously and reply to my self (like you) but i haven't decided yet. It will be hard to shut me up you will have to cry to moderators(if you are not one of them) alot more and ban alot more ip-s(cose i have access to aloooot) I'll try to be gentle and not hurt you much.; Why not. You thing that is only your prevelige to do that. Maybe i'll start to coment anonymously and reply to my self (like you) but i haven't decided yet. It will be hard to shut me up you will have to cry to moderators(if you are not one of them) alot more and ban alot more ip-s(cose i have access to aloooot) I'll try to be gentle and not hurt you much.
i am not like design of i6
 l like i4' s design; i am not like design of i6; l like i4' s design
Anonymous, 02 May 2015Why because finally it will have 2gb of ram and dissent camera...? I don't care about RAM and i don't know what dissent means, but yes camera is main reason for me to upgrade. I photograph quite a lot so better camera never hurts and if the rumours about new camera tech (linX) is right can't wait to see the results.
 
 By the way why you comment anonymously stako?; I don't care about RAM and i don't know what dissent means, but yes camera is main reason for me to upgrade. I photograph quite a lot so better camera never hurts and if the rumours about new camera tech (linX) is right can't wait to see the results.; By the way why you comment anonymously stako?
Duel, 01 May 2015Not too expensive, but my iPhone 5S still kicking great, im waiting this year model to upgrade.Why because finally it will have 2gb of ram and dissent camera...?; Why because finally it will have 2gb of ram and dissent camera...?
Anonymous, 01 May 2015Why you don't have iphone 6? Is it too expensive? Can't understand the bragging when you don't... moreNot too expensive, but my iPhone 5S still kicking great, im waiting this year model to upgrade.; Not too expensive, but my iPhone 5S still kicking great, im waiting this year model to upgrade.
plz help can i downgrade to 8.1.3 from 8.3 iphone 6 thnks in advance; plz help can i downgrade to 8.1.3 from 8.3 iphone 6 thnks in advance
Duel, 01 May 2015"And please let's not start the conversation about the watches. We both know that that is... moreWhy you don't have iphone 6? Is it too expensive? Can't understand the bragging when you don't even have it?; Why you don't have iphone 6? Is it too expensive? Can't understand the bragging when you don't even have it?
Shadyyy, 30 Apr 2015Hi, iPhone 6 is the best phone i have ever used .. it's totally different than Android dear, t... moreBought iPhone6 and sold within 24 hours. Reasons are,
 Very poor video quality on YouTube.
 Battery life very poor.
 Not friendly user as compare to Android.
 Can't share anything through Bluetooth other than iPhone.
 Simple application like whatsapp is being difficult in iphone
 
 I don't know why people like iPhone.; Bought iPhone6 and sold within 24 hours. Reasons are,; Very poor video quality on YouTube.; Battery life very poor.; Not friendly user as compare to Android.; Can't share anything through Bluetooth other than iPhone.; Simple application like whatsapp is being difficult in iphone; I don't know why people like iPhone.
Pear, 01 May 2015People have this appreciation for choice. I like Apple, I think they make relatively decen... more"And please let's not start the conversation about the watches. We both know that that is another failed product from apple...."
 
 Another? What is the first? :) by the way Apple watch is already hit and sold few millions and users like it a lot so how it's a failed product?
 
 It's another hit device from Apple which going to sell millions.
 
 Apple watch + Apple Pay, future is here!; "And please let's not start the conversation about the watches. We both know that that is another failed product from apple...."; Another? What is the first? :) by the way Apple watch is already hit and sold few millions and users like it a lot so how it's a failed product?; It's another hit device from Apple which going to sell millions.; Apple watch + Apple Pay, future is here!
i have got iphone 6 from Dubai from a distant relative It was brand new and factory unlocked and was fully packed when i received it. But when i opened its sim slot after some days it had a sim inside even though there was no service in it? can someone tell me the reason?????; i have got iphone 6 from Dubai from a distant relative It was brand new and factory unlocked and was fully packed when i received it. But when i opened its sim slot after some days it had a sim inside even though there was no service in it? can someone tell me the reason?????
Smartphone Fan, 01 May 2015I've finally switched to Iphone after months of confusion.And being coming from an Android dev... moreExactly! Well said
 
 Nice to hear that you are happy with your new choice, tens of millions others are too, well more like a hundred ;); Exactly! Well said; Nice to hear that you are happy with your new choice, tens of millions others are too, well more like a hundred ;)
I've finally switched to Iphone after months of confusion.And being coming from an Android device (Samsung Note 4) i have to say that i've never felt that happy about having a smartphone before. Android can do every thing , but Iphone 6 simply do it faster and more fun.I'm happy to say that the moment i got my new Iphone i stopped worrying about what specs sheet the device have when i saw the smoothness and fluidity when handling every task no matter how demanding they are.; I've finally switched to Iphone after months of confusion.And being coming from an Android device (Samsung Note 4) i have to say that i've never felt that happy about having a smartphone before. Android can do every thing , but Iphone 6 simply do it faster and more fun.I'm happy to say that the moment i got my new Iphone i stopped worrying about what specs sheet the device have when i saw the smoothness and fluidity when handling every task no matter how demanding they are.
Anonymous, 01 May 2015People keep chasing new android phones months after months. And when they have it, its just a ... morePeople have this appreciation for choice. 
 
 I like Apple, I think they make relatively decent and affordable computers. Phone wise, I prefer something that lasts longer and gives me more quality for money. S6 or LG G3 or Z3compact are perfect examples.
 
 And please let's not start the conversation about the watches. We both know that that is another failed product from apple....; People have this appreciation for choice.; I like Apple, I think they make relatively decent and affordable computers. Phone wise, I prefer something that lasts longer and gives me more quality for money. S6 or LG G3 or Z3compact are perfect examples.; And please let's not start the conversation about the watches. We both know that that is another failed product from apple....
Duel, 30 Apr 2015You want to stick with that story? So basicly you are saying you only use internet at your wor... moreYep, still creepy...i tend to go on this website at work only because at home, I have better things to do. 
 
 Your logic is deeply flawed, stick to iphones x; Yep, still creepy...i tend to go on this website at work only because at home, I have better things to do.; Your logic is deeply flawed, stick to iphones x
Anonymous, 29 Apr 2015It's ok. I would stick with the iphone5. I NEVER had any issues with the iphone 5 but with the... moreRegarding design i too agree. I 6 was replaced for hardware complaint after three restorations in 5 monhts. I 4 was excellent. I 5 battery life poor.; Regarding design i too agree. I 6 was replaced for hardware complaint after three restorations in 5 monhts. I 4 was excellent. I 5 battery life poor.
Anonymous, 30 Apr 2015Don't know if I'm the only one but I had my phone for a few months and my camera and video fro... moreHello, you are not the only one that had problem with I6 . In five months of use i had the phone beig switched off showing colors , etc and ebing restored. This time the third in 5 months the phone was replaced by apple. From the reviews i think i6 have some hardware problem. Be cautious. I have i 4 and i 5. I 4 is good. I5 poor batter performance comparef to other models.; Hello, you are not the only one that had problem with I6 . In five months of use i had the phone beig switched off showing colors , etc and ebing restored. This time the third in 5 months the phone was replaced by apple. From the reviews i think i6 have some hardware problem. Be cautious. I have i 4 and i 5. I 4 is good. I5 poor batter performance comparef to other models.
Hi,
 
 I have My family using I 4,I 5 and now I 6. Bought in Nov 2014 direct from apple, 3 sets together. One I am using went off in 2 months, it was restored, then again in a month it got switched off , again restored , then in March it gotswitched off again, without able to restore or update it. All the three times i had informed apple through online maintenance, this time they could not rectify and the phone was replaced. I 6 has complaints, who will be bearing the crunch is to know. 
 
 I 5 has low battery support. I4 is ok.
 
 I am yet to use the replaced one, who knows whether it will last or not. FROM THE REVIEWS IT SEEMS I 6 HAS PROBLEMS, MINE THEY SAID WAS A HARDWARE PROBLEM. 
 
 SO GOOD LUCK FOR I PHONE BUYERS; Hi,; I have My family using I 4,I 5 and now I 6. Bought in Nov 2014 direct from apple, 3 sets together. One I am using went off in 2 months, it was restored, then again in a month it got switched off , again restored , then in March it gotswitched off again, without able to restore or update it. All the three times i had informed apple through online maintenance, this time they could not rectify and the phone was replaced. I 6 has complaints, who will be bearing the crunch is to know.; I 5 has low battery support. I4 is ok.; I am yet to use the replaced one, who knows whether it will last or not. FROM THE REVIEWS IT SEEMS I 6 HAS PROBLEMS, MINE THEY SAID WAS A HARDWARE PROBLEM.; SO GOOD LUCK FOR I PHONE BUYERS
What with the stupid experiment in youtube. They boiled iphone in cola. No one would drop their phone in a boiling pot of cola. There is no reasonable man would even boil cola in the first place.; What with the stupid experiment in youtube. They boiled iphone in cola. No one would drop their phone in a boiling pot of cola. There is no reasonable man would even boil cola in the first place.
Anonymous, 30 Apr 2015Don't know if I'm the only one but I had my phone for a few months and my camera and video fro... moreI had a iPhone 4s and just changed to a 6 and my 4sbwas way better I lose signal a lot and my battery drains fast; I had a iPhone 4s and just changed to a 6 and my 4sbwas way better I lose signal a lot and my battery drains fast
People keep chasing new android phones months after months. And when they have it, its just a device.
 
 Better invest in Apple Products. Each of them will expand your capabilities, and each of them have longer usable life span, and you do not need to chase the latest.
 
 iPhone + Macbook = unparalleled mobile workstation. (Autohotspot)
 iPhone + Apple TV = HDTV entertainment, gaming (There exist dual screen airplay games) 
 iPhone + Mac Mini headless server = ultra portable iPhone, with desktop OS support. 
 iPhone + Apple Watch = health, fitness and time, with extension for all your apps.
 
 Sure you might say MY ANDROID CAN DO ALL THAT, but its a device that tries to cookie cutter its way into everything.. so its a jack of all trades but master of none.
 
 Apple pick the correct device to use based on the situation. But you have to be rich.; People keep chasing new android phones months after months. And when they have it, its just a device.; Better invest in Apple Products. Each of them will expand your capabilities, and each of them have longer usable life span, and you do not need to chase the latest.; iPhone + Macbook = unparalleled mobile workstation. (Autohotspot); iPhone + Apple TV = HDTV entertainment, gaming (There exist dual screen airplay games); iPhone + Mac Mini headless server = ultra portable iPhone, with desktop OS support.; iPhone + Apple Watch = health, fitness and time, with extension for all your apps.; Sure you might say MY ANDROID CAN DO ALL THAT, but its a device that tries to cookie cutter its way into everything.. so its a jack of all trades but master of none.; Apple pick the correct device to use based on the situation. But you have to be rich.
Khan , 30 Apr 2015Guys i am using android fones since it started could anyone convince me to go for iphone or be... moreNeither. Get the upcoming iPhone 6S/6S Plus. They are rumoured to have 2 gigs of RAM, making them a lot more future proof that the current iPhones.; Neither. Get the upcoming iPhone 6S/6S Plus. They are rumoured to have 2 gigs of RAM, making them a lot more future proof that the current iPhones.
Anonymous, 30 Apr 2015Bought iphone 6 with16GB. Seems not enough memory and thought of buying memory card but surpis... moreYou can't. The ONLY way to get more memory is to get a new iPhone. This is why buying any Apple products with less than 32 GB is generally not a good idea.; You can't. The ONLY way to get more memory is to get a new iPhone. This is why buying any Apple products with less than 32 GB is generally not a good idea.
Anonymous, 30 Apr 2015High-end 20 nm SoC? Samsung already made 14 nm SoC and also supplying it to Apple, and Taiwan ... moreI posted my comment in retaliation to that fandroid's false statement; I didn't even mention about the S6, so why get all this butthurt?; I posted my comment in retaliation to that fandroid's false statement; I didn't even mention about the S6, so why get all this butthurt?
Khan , 30 Apr 2015Guys i am using android fones since it started could anyone convince me to go for iphone or be... moreNO STAY WITH YOUR DROID.... I just got a 16 GB iphone 6 and hate it. I have nothing loaded on it yet but some pictures and I couldn't even take a photo as the warming popped up and said "No memory" What!? My Motorola Droid still has lots of memory.... 
 
 Seeya Iphone...; NO STAY WITH YOUR DROID.... I just got a 16 GB iphone 6 and hate it. I have nothing loaded on it yet but some pictures and I couldn't even take a photo as the warming popped up and said "No memory" What!? My Motorola Droid still has lots of memory....; Seeya Iphone...
Shadyyy, 30 Apr 2015Hi, iPhone 6 is the best phone i have ever used .. it's totally different than Android dear, t... morevery well said bro i tried first time and its really the best and simple; very well said bro i tried first time and its really the best and simple
change to iphone 6 from LG g2 IPHONE is much faster smoother and -0 lag everything open very fast, only the camera is not good as LG g2 the g2 camera is sharper in pics. iPhone design is muahhhhhne; change to iphone 6 from LG g2 IPHONE is much faster smoother and -0 lag everything open very fast, only the camera is not good as LG g2 the g2 camera is sharper in pics. iPhone design is muahhhhhne
Pear, 30 Apr 2015You are refering to an incident from 4 months ago, when my workmate used the same computer to ... moreYou want to stick with that story? So basicly you are saying you only use internet at your work and you are so poor that you don't have own net connection? And yet you have own phones like iPhone 6 and now LG3? 
 
 Someone should call to your boss and fire you. You should work more for your boss and spend less time here ;)
 
 C'mon man...
 
 By the way how could i forgot something because you are always here to remind me about yourself?
 
 I also have somekind ot photographic memory, i guess it could be little bit creepy to remember so many random things.
 
 I thought i forgot your "friends" name but actually now i remember him too it was Tom, right?; You want to stick with that story? So basicly you are saying you only use internet at your work and you are so poor that you don't have own net connection? And yet you have own phones like iPhone 6 and now LG3?; Someone should call to your boss and fire you. You should work more for your boss and spend less time here ;); C'mon man...; By the way how could i forgot something because you are always here to remind me about yourself?; I also have somekind ot photographic memory, i guess it could be little bit creepy to remember so many random things.; I thought i forgot your "friends" name but actually now i remember him too it was Tom, right?
must say apple iphone6 is brilliant i luv samsung but they are starting to go more towards apple design and i cant blame them because apple is amazing in looks and how it works; must say apple iphone6 is brilliant i luv samsung but they are starting to go more towards apple design and i cant blame them because apple is amazing in looks and how it works
Khan , 30 Apr 2015Guys i am using android fones since it started could anyone convince me to go for iphone or be... moreHi, iPhone 6 is the best phone i have ever used .. it's totally different than Android dear, to be honest you will need to try it first before deciding as some people they don't really appreciate it's simplicity and stable software because it's not customisable like Android but believe me the phone is very elegant , specs wise it's not high like android phones but the phone is really really great and worth the money.; Hi, iPhone 6 is the best phone i have ever used .. it's totally different than Android dear, to be honest you will need to try it first before deciding as some people they don't really appreciate it's simplicity and stable software because it's not customisable like Android but believe me the phone is very elegant , specs wise it's not high like android phones but the phone is really really great and worth the money.
Anonymous, 30 Apr 2015Bought iphone 6 with16GB. Seems not enough memory and thought of buying memory card but surpis... moreUnfortunately, you can't extend an iPhone's memory (iPhones are renowned for that). The only way you could get more memory would be using the iCloud service (5GB) or other cloud services. Of course, there is the option of returning the phone and buying an iPhone 6 with 64GB or 128GB, if you think it's worth the price; Unfortunately, you can't extend an iPhone's memory (iPhones are renowned for that). The only way you could get more memory would be using the iCloud service (5GB) or other cloud services. Of course, there is the option of returning the phone and buying an iPhone 6 with 64GB or 128GB, if you think it's worth the price
Bought iphone 6 with16GB. Seems not enough memory and thought of buying memory card but surpised to note that there is no memory card slot. What shall i do now ? 
 
 How can I get aome more space ?; Bought iphone 6 with16GB. Seems not enough memory and thought of buying memory card but surpised to note that there is no memory card slot. What shall i do now ?; How can I get aome more space ?
Guys i am using android fones since it started could anyone convince me to go for iphone or better to go for a new samsung s6; Guys i am using android fones since it started could anyone convince me to go for iphone or better to go for a new samsung s6
Duel, 29 Apr 2015"But stop spreading lies because it is getting a bit pathetic..." I never lie, bu... moreYou are refering to an incident from 4 months ago, when my workmate used the same computer to reply to one of my messages not knowing it was me?
 
 No offence, but this is borderline creepy...to remember something so small and insignificant like that...; You are refering to an incident from 4 months ago, when my workmate used the same computer to reply to one of my messages not knowing it was me?; No offence, but this is borderline creepy...to remember something so small and insignificant like that...
Deep, 29 Apr 2015The voice quality is bad, even at the highest volume I can hardly hear what the other end is ... moreHey just check if there is a kind of a screen protectr on your phone that covers the speaker. it happend a lot of times and you must just remove it.; Hey just check if there is a kind of a screen protectr on your phone that covers the speaker. it happend a lot of times and you must just remove it.
hi, i share my songs from android to ios, but after receiving it in my iPhone, it doesn't appear on apple's stock music player. what should i do?; hi, i share my songs from android to ios, but after receiving it in my iPhone, it doesn't appear on apple's stock music player. what should i do?
Don't know if I'm the only one but I had my phone for a few months and my camera and video froze did everything I could between Apple and a technician to fix it so they couldn't fix it so they gave me a knew phone had the knew phone for atleast three weeks and this one did the same thing it doesn't work so now Apple is deciding weather or not to give me another phone I seam to have the worst luck but my iPhone 4 still works just fine did anybody else have this problem; Don't know if I'm the only one but I had my phone for a few months and my camera and video froze did everything I could between Apple and a technician to fix it so they couldn't fix it so they gave me a knew phone had the knew phone for atleast three weeks and this one did the same thing it doesn't work so now Apple is deciding weather or not to give me another phone I seam to have the worst luck but my iPhone 4 still works just fine did anybody else have this problem
tumama, 27 Apr 2015i saw a video of a s6 and a iphone 6 being bolied in wated the iphone only laste 10 seconds ah... moreBloody Stupid experiment.
 Whose on earth using phone inside boiling water. ???; Bloody Stupid experiment.; Whose on earth using phone inside boiling water. ???
Deep, 29 Apr 2015The voice quality is bad, even at the highest volume I can hardly hear what the other end is ... moreIphone 6 has one of the best voice clarity and loudness.
 ..You have a faulty set.; Iphone 6 has one of the best voice clarity and loudness.; ..You have a faulty set.
Korrasami, 29 Apr 2015"Even $150 androids have better specifications." Are you high? The Apple A8 in th... moreHigh-end 20 nm SoC? Samsung already made 14 nm SoC and also supplying it to Apple, and Taiwan is also supplying them too. Don't you think Apple is too dependent on Asian tech. Look at the back of the iphone, "assembled in China". You will never see any asian smartphone with label saying "assembled in usa". This is fact and not opinion.; High-end 20 nm SoC? Samsung already made 14 nm SoC and also supplying it to Apple, and Taiwan is also supplying them too. Don't you think Apple is too dependent on Asian tech. Look at the back of the iphone, "assembled in China". You will never see any asian smartphone with label saying "assembled in usa". This is fact and not opinion.
The voice quality is bad, even at the highest volume I can hardly hear what the other end is saying; Very disappointed and Apple folks are not ready to echange my brand new device. According to them, it works fine; Then why do I have to sriggle so much to hear what the other end is saying?; The voice quality is bad, even at the highest volume I can hardly hear what the other end is saying; Very disappointed and Apple folks are not ready to echange my brand new device. According to them, it works fine; Then why do I have to sriggle so much to hear what the other end is saying?
It's ok. I would stick with the iphone5. I NEVER had any issues with the iphone 5 but with the 6, I run into a lot of issues! 
 
 It sticks a lot when I'm texting.The keypad isn't that great compared to the 5. Whenever I'm texting, sometimes I have to touch the screen harder than I did with the 5. I originally did not have a screen protector on it when I noticed this. It is a little worse with the screen protector but that comes with buying a screen protector. It isn't anything apple can prevent. 
 
 It heats up a lot faster than the 5! When I'm facetiming or even talking on the phone; it will heat up quickly. 
 
 The round, smooth and thin edges I thought I would like but end up hating them. I ended up purchasing a case that is square. It falls out of my pocket a lot. I LOVED the square edges on the previous models. You had those corners and edges that were great when holding on the phone. Without the case, the thing basically just falls out of my hand. 
 
 The 6 would have been perfect without the round edges. I LOVE the larger screen size!!!! LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS! Basically, this is the only reason why I keep this phone instead of going back to the 5.; It's ok. I would stick with the iphone5. I NEVER had any issues with the iphone 5 but with the 6, I run into a lot of issues!; It sticks a lot when I'm texting.The keypad isn't that great compared to the 5. Whenever I'm texting, sometimes I have to touch the screen harder than I did with the 5. I originally did not have a screen protector on it when I noticed this. It is a little worse with the screen protector but that comes with buying a screen protector. It isn't anything apple can prevent.; It heats up a lot faster than the 5! When I'm facetiming or even talking on the phone; it will heat up quickly.; The round, smooth and thin edges I thought I would like but end up hating them. I ended up purchasing a case that is square. It falls out of my pocket a lot. I LOVED the square edges on the previous models. You had those corners and edges that were great when holding on the phone. Without the case, the thing basically just falls out of my hand.; The 6 would have been perfect without the round edges. I LOVE the larger screen size!!!! LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS! Basically, this is the only reason why I keep this phone instead of going back to the 5.
Pear, 29 Apr 2015With all due respect, i have never seen such a petty attempt at trying to convince someone abo... more"But stop spreading lies because it is getting a bit pathetic..."
 
 I never lie, but you...
 
 Says guy who even made up different identity for himself to say how great your own comment was... How pathetic :D are you serious? :D; "But stop spreading lies because it is getting a bit pathetic..."; I never lie, but you...; Says guy who even made up different identity for himself to say how great your own comment was... How pathetic :D are you serious? :D
Duel, 29 Apr 2015"S6 leaves iphone 6 in the dust by a mile . For s6 iphone 6 seems like a caveman" ... moreWith all due respect, i have never seen such a petty attempt at trying to convince someone about the iphone6 being better than the s6.
 
 It is getting to the stage where it's quite clearly you have an issue. There are thousands of videos with million of views that prove the s6 has a better camera, battery, speed, gaming, quality of design, durability, etc....
 
 And you decide to choose a video of a biased amateur in a basement filming himself playing on 4 seperate phones? So it's quite convenient to skip over the industry professional's opinion...
 
 Look, stick to iphone, it's fine...a lot of people have it, so you probably think that makes it good. But stop spreading lies because it is getting a bit pathetic...; With all due respect, i have never seen such a petty attempt at trying to convince someone about the iphone6 being better than the s6.; It is getting to the stage where it's quite clearly you have an issue. There are thousands of videos with million of views that prove the s6 has a better camera, battery, speed, gaming, quality of design, durability, etc....; And you decide to choose a video of a biased amateur in a basement filming himself playing on 4 seperate phones? So it's quite convenient to skip over the industry professional's opinion...; Look, stick to iphone, it's fine...a lot of people have it, so you probably think that makes it good. But stop spreading lies because it is getting a bit pathetic...
world's irony, 29 Apr 2015Dude you can say its unique & it is beautiful (in some way) , but better specifications ??... more"S6 leaves iphone 6 in the dust by a mile . For s6 iphone 6 seems like a caveman"
 
 The truth is very different http://youtu.be/2zgBv9_H2Jk; "S6 leaves iphone 6 in the dust by a mile . For s6 iphone 6 seems like a caveman"; The truth is very different
world's irony, 29 Apr 2015Dude you can say its unique & it is beautiful (in some way) , but better specifications ??... more"Even $150 androids have better specifications."
 
 Are you high? The Apple A8 in the iPhone is a high-end 20 nm SoC. Just because it has only two cores, doesn't mean it's atrocious. Look at those benchmarks, how come it can achieve those high scores? 
 
 You're one classic example of a blind fandroid. Your kind only look at numbers and on the basis of the said numbers, automatically make assumptions of how well they're going to perform.; "Even $150 androids have better specifications."; Are you high? The Apple A8 in the iPhone is a high-end 20 nm SoC. Just because it has only two cores, doesn't mean it's atrocious. Look at those benchmarks, how come it can achieve those high scores?; You're one classic example of a blind fandroid. Your kind only look at numbers and on the basis of the said numbers, automatically make assumptions of how well they're going to perform.
Hannan, 29 Apr 2015who are used iphopne 6 ? pls can you told me how is bettery life of that phone? minimum how ma... morethe gallaxy s6 edge battery life is better; the gallaxy s6 edge battery life is better
AppleDApp, 27 Apr 2015Apple is apple. Can't compare to other phones. It's a unique and so beautiful when it comes to... moreDude you can say its unique & it is beautiful (in some way) , but better specifications ??? Have you even read the specifications of iphone 6 and compared them to the specifications of s6 ?? S6 leaves iphone 6 in the dust by a mile . For s6 iphone 6 seems like a caveman . Even $150 androids have better specifications.; Dude you can say its unique & it is beautiful (in some way) , but better specifications ??? Have you even read the specifications of iphone 6 and compared them to the specifications of s6 ?? S6 leaves iphone 6 in the dust by a mile . For s6 iphone 6 seems like a caveman . Even $150 androids have better specifications.
They had it good with the iPhone 5, iPhone 4 with squared design. IPhone 6 looks like a Samsung galaxy. IPhone 6+ is a bigger Samsung galaxy.; They had it good with the iPhone 5, iPhone 4 with squared design. IPhone 6 looks like a Samsung galaxy. IPhone 6+ is a bigger Samsung galaxy.
Duel, 29 Apr 2015It has better camera than 5S and i have seen a lot of photos taken by iPhone 6. Its the best i... moreThe camera is the same since the iphone 4s.... So this time you're rite and you know how it performs, but it's waaaay behind s6[and you know that too ;-)]; The camera is the same since the iphone 4s.... So this time you're rite and you know how it performs, but it's waaaay behind s6[and you know that too ;-)]
Hannan, 29 Apr 2015who are used iphopne 6 ? pls can you told me how is bettery life of that phone? minimum how ma... moreCheck the endurance ratings here on GSM arena...the iphone 6 is an improvement over previous iphones. However, with the S6 you will get about 20% more than the iphone 6...
 
 Additionally, the S6 has the fast charging thing and the wireless charging option. My local coffee shop already has a couple of wireless charging plates installed...; Check the endurance ratings here on GSM arena...the iphone 6 is an improvement over previous iphones. However, with the S6 you will get about 20% more than the iphone 6...; Additionally, the S6 has the fast charging thing and the wireless charging option. My local coffee shop already has a couple of wireless charging plates installed...
who are used iphopne 6 ? pls can you told me how is bettery life of that phone? minimum how many hours running with 4G? and iphone 6 batter or Samsung s6 ?; who are used iphopne 6 ? pls can you told me how is bettery life of that phone? minimum how many hours running with 4G? and iphone 6 batter or Samsung s6 ?
Anonymous, 29 Apr 2015How do you know wen you don't have one(IPh6 i meen). SIt has better camera than 5S and i have seen a lot of photos taken by iPhone 6. Its the best iPhone, no need to own one to know that ;); It has better camera than 5S and i have seen a lot of photos taken by iPhone 6. Its the best iPhone, no need to own one to know that ;)
awesome fone ,i use it for last 4 months camera is to good betray is batter ...all the way it's batter then any android (i also u a htc one e8), but it's price little high
 for iphone hater u hate iPhone because u can't afford it; awesome fone ,i use it for last 4 months camera is to good betray is batter ...all the way it's batter then any android (i also u a htc one e8), but it's price little high; for iphone hater u hate iPhone because u can't afford it
Duel, 28 Apr 2015IPhone 6 has great camera, among best. There's a huge amount of free and paid apps. I don't... moreHow do you know wen you don't have one(IPh6 i meen). S; How do you know wen you don't have one(IPh6 i meen). S
abcd, 28 Apr 2015I have never used an i phone..i am a hardcore android user and thinking to switch to an i phon... moreIts a good choice... dont listen to people. I have sony Z2 and they claim it has 20 Mpix camera but i swear that i was angry as hell when i compared Iphone 6 to my 10 months old Z2. Iphones are amazing, i admit that as a person who had been using Android phones for past 6 years and only haters and stubborn people will say otherwise. Even my friend who got his S6 Edge said that he regreats choosing that phone instead of iphone 6.; Its a good choice... dont listen to people. I have sony Z2 and they claim it has 20 Mpix camera but i swear that i was angry as hell when i compared Iphone 6 to my 10 months old Z2. Iphones are amazing, i admit that as a person who had been using Android phones for past 6 years and only haters and stubborn people will say otherwise. Even my friend who got his S6 Edge said that he regreats choosing that phone instead of iphone 6.
abcd, 28 Apr 2015I have never used an i phone..i am a hardcore android user and thinking to switch to an i phon... moreapple cam is good but u have better choices galaxy s6 and note4 which have ois ..if u have to move to ios go for apple 6+ bcos it has ois that is very handy and usefull in camera... 
 check samples photo before buy any divices; apple cam is good but u have better choices galaxy s6 and note4 which have ois ..if u have to move to ios go for apple 6+ bcos it has ois that is very handy and usefull in camera...; check samples photo before buy any divices
abcd, 28 Apr 2015I have never used an i phone..i am a hardcore android user and thinking to switch to an i phon... moreIPhone 6 has great camera, among best. There's a huge amount of free and paid apps.
 
 I don't know about you but im waiting the upcoming iPhone it has rumoured to have hugely improved camera. But if you need to buy new phone right now iPhone 6 is great choice if you know what iOS is and isn't.; IPhone 6 has great camera, among best. There's a huge amount of free and paid apps.; I don't know about you but im waiting the upcoming iPhone it has rumoured to have hugely improved camera. But if you need to buy new phone right now iPhone 6 is great choice if you know what iOS is and isn't.
I have never used an i phone..i am a hardcore android user and thinking to switch to an i phone 6 i want a smartphone with best camera except 6plus as it is too huge i phone 6 agood choice or not ?? And the apps are free on apple or majority are paid ???? Plzz tell me guys !!; I have never used an i phone..i am a hardcore android user and thinking to switch to an i phone 6 i want a smartphone with best camera except 6plus as it is too huge i phone 6 agood choice or not ?? And the apps are free on apple or majority are paid ???? Plzz tell me guys !!
..., 28 Apr 2015is it compatible with zapcase selfie stick with bluetooth remoteYes. But bluetooth selfie is a dumb idea, you need to pair and charge that module.. What if you forgo to; Yes. But bluetooth selfie is a dumb idea, you need to pair and charge that module.. What if you forgo to
leo7, 27 Apr 2015hahaha youre really stupid because the android htc one m9 has a 2840 non removable mAh battery... moreComing from an HTC fanboy, the M9 has been a disappointment. Overheating, less than stellar camera performance (despite the high amount of pixels), and the same old boring design surrounded by huge bezels are the main downsides of the phone. 
 
 It gets slaughtered by the S6 on one end and by the iPhone 6 on the other end.; Coming from an HTC fanboy, the M9 has been a disappointment. Overheating, less than stellar camera performance (despite the high amount of pixels), and the same old boring design surrounded by huge bezels are the main downsides of the phone.; It gets slaughtered by the S6 on one end and by the iPhone 6 on the other end.
tumama, 27 Apr 2015i saw a video of a s6 and a iphone 6 being bolied in wated the iphone only laste 10 seconds ah... moreI don't deny that S6's build quality is superb, but how often do you see people drop their smartphones in a pot of boiling water?; I don't deny that S6's build quality is superb, but how often do you see people drop their smartphones in a pot of boiling water?
WHS, 28 Apr 2015rahulisfaltu, u dont say too early. I m i phone 6 user and when I face a blue screen and keep ... moreYou do know that you can replace your iPhone right?; You do know that you can replace your iPhone right?
when i was using galaxy S3,i was always using facebook,instagram and other social medias.But when i changed to iphone 5s,i totally lose the interest in the social medias.i always download new apps and games,spend my whole time this way.i always look at the iphone and wonder about its design and dreaming to show off...i dont know what made all these change..did anyone had same experience like mine? reply; when i was using galaxy S3,i was always using facebook,instagram and other social medias.But when i changed to iphone 5s,i totally lose the interest in the social medias.i always download new apps and games,spend my whole time this way.i always look at the iphone and wonder about its design and dreaming to show off...i dont know what made all these change..did anyone had same experience like mine? reply
is it compatible with zapcase selfie stick with bluetooth remote; is it compatible with zapcase selfie stick with bluetooth remote
Pear, 27 Apr 2015pfahahaha you guys are adorable...i left my galaxy ace 2 in the Tunisian sun in the middle of ... moreLol! Pear downgrade from LG flagship to Galaxy Ace 2.
 
 Being top handphone shop seller, its unbelievable. But do not worry, no one will believe your story anymore.
 
 Android phones have no protective features, in software OS or hardware or vendor support. Buy one, and the value goes down the toilet.; Lol! Pear downgrade from LG flagship to Galaxy Ace 2.; Being top handphone shop seller, its unbelievable. But do not worry, no one will believe your story anymore.; Android phones have no protective features, in software OS or hardware or vendor support. Buy one, and the value goes down the toilet.
rahulisfaltu, 27 Apr 2015This phone is the best phone in the market No Bugs No problems its flawless dont think much if... morerahulisfaltu, u dont say too early. I m i phone 6 user and when I face a blue screen and keep on restart then u know how problem is it...really disspointed. u can go to youtube and see i phone 6 blue screen of death and keep on rebooting/ restarting one.; rahulisfaltu, u dont say too early. I m i phone 6 user and when I face a blue screen and keep on restart then u know how problem is it...really disspointed. u can go to youtube and see i phone 6 blue screen of death and keep on rebooting/ restarting one.
which phone has the best camera he s6 or the iphone 6plus; which phone has the best camera he s6 or the iphone 6plus
Is there any way to password protect my apps ? Like whatsap without jailbreaking ?; Is there any way to password protect my apps ? Like whatsap without jailbreaking ?
Pear, 27 Apr 2015pfahahaha you guys are adorable...i left my galaxy ace 2 in the Tunisian sun in the middle of ... moreGalaxy ace 2 is always performs like a iron box (like most of the androids )so it won't have any problem in sunlight .; Galaxy ace 2 is always performs like a iron box (like most of the androids )so it won't have any problem in sunlight .
Duel, 27 Apr 2015Few years ago i actually forgot my iPad under direct sun for a half an hour. It was VERY hot w... morepfahahaha you guys are adorable...i left my galaxy ace 2 in the Tunisian sun in the middle of the summer for almost an hour and it survived...and that's a 100 quid phone mate...you get excited for the smallest things...; pfahahaha you guys are adorable...i left my galaxy ace 2 in the Tunisian sun in the middle of the summer for almost an hour and it survived...and that's a 100 quid phone mate...you get excited for the smallest things...
tumama, 27 Apr 2015i saw a video of a s6 and a iphone 6 being bolied in wated the iphone only laste 10 seconds ah... moreFew years ago i actually forgot my iPad under direct sun for a half an hour. It was VERY hot when i found it. I was sure that the device is pretty much dead. I took it inside waited it to cool down and trying to put it on, it gave me warning that the device is too hot to use. I waited more and when i got it on it didnt had any damage and i used it two more years and now my brother using it because i bought the newer model. Without Apple safety mechanism i don't think it would have survived from that sun.; Few years ago i actually forgot my iPad under direct sun for a half an hour. It was VERY hot when i found it. I was sure that the device is pretty much dead. I took it inside waited it to cool down and trying to put it on, it gave me warning that the device is too hot to use. I waited more and when i got it on it didnt had any damage and i used it two more years and now my brother using it because i bought the newer model. Without Apple safety mechanism i don't think it would have survived from that sun.
tumama, 27 Apr 2015i saw a video of a s6 and a iphone 6 being bolied in wated the iphone only laste 10 seconds ah... moreActually in that video iPhone had last laugh, they both were under water same amount of time and iPhone had Apple logo in end of the video when s6 was totally dead.
 
 What you actually saw was Apple safety mechanism.
 
 Here is same video from same guy without S6 http://youtu.be/EzZ060NGIxs and look what happened 2.30. IPhone survived from that boiling water. Even when it went off under 10 seconds, because Apple devices does that if its gets too hot to protect the hardware.
 
 They even boiled it two times and it went of exact ten second time mark, just like you saw and this video have so 3 three times of three it shut down exactly same time which pretty much proves what i just said, it's safety mechanism to prevent the device breaking. It worked once in that video.; Actually in that video iPhone had last laugh, they both were under water same amount of time and iPhone had Apple logo in end of the video when s6 was totally dead.; What you actually saw was Apple safety mechanism.; Here is same video from same guy without S6; and look what happened 2.30. IPhone survived from that boiling water. Even when it went off under 10 seconds, because Apple devices does that if its gets too hot to protect the hardware.; They even boiled it two times and it went of exact ten second time mark, just like you saw and this video have so 3 three times of three it shut down exactly same time which pretty much proves what i just said, it's safety mechanism to prevent the device breaking. It worked once in that video.
i saw a video of a s6 and a iphone 6 being bolied in wated the iphone only laste 10 seconds ahahahha the s6 lasted a minute that shows the quality of this phone is a rip off; i saw a video of a s6 and a iphone 6 being bolied in wated the iphone only laste 10 seconds ahahahha the s6 lasted a minute that shows the quality of this phone is a rip off
This phone is the best phone in the market No Bugs No problems its flawless dont think much if u can afford it its the best phone; This phone is the best phone in the market No Bugs No problems its flawless dont think much if u can afford it its the best phone
Miles, 27 Apr 2015iPhone is the best phone ever since iPhone 3G.hahaha youre really stupid because the android htc one m9 has a 2840 non removable mAh battery that can last you up to 25 hours even over that without using it.. plus the 20.7 megapixel came with a front facing 4 ultra pixel camera and you buy it with 32 gigs same price as a 16 gig iphone.. shows how much you know how much is the camera on iphone 8 ahahaha; hahaha youre really stupid because the android htc one m9 has a 2840 non removable mAh battery that can last you up to 25 hours even over that without using it.. plus the 20.7 megapixel came with a front facing 4 ultra pixel camera and you buy it with 32 gigs same price as a 16 gig iphone.. shows how much you know how much is the camera on iphone 8 ahahaha
Anonymous, 27 Apr 2015The thing is simple: You pay 200$, you cant match iPhone 6. You pay the same price as iPhone 6... moreI don't need to match iphone my jiayu is faster in every day use multitasking it's little bit worstin gaming but its just occasional lag in just very heavy games so it's noting bothering, better biger diaplay, better camera, great battery live and android freedom and iphone is not just a bit expensive.... i save 600$. For other flagships.. i'll always prefer the freedom of Android and biger screen better camera and costumisation.; I don't need to match iphone my jiayu is faster in every day use multitasking it's little bit worstin gaming but its just occasional lag in just very heavy games so it's noting bothering, better biger diaplay, better camera, great battery live and android freedom and iphone is not just a bit expensive.... i save 600$. For other flagships.. i'll always prefer the freedom of Android and biger screen better camera and costumisation.
Apple is apple. Can't compare to other phones. It's a unique and so beautiful when it comes to design. Good quality and better specifications.; Apple is apple. Can't compare to other phones. It's a unique and so beautiful when it comes to design. Good quality and better specifications.
iPhone is the best phone ever since iPhone 3G.; iPhone is the best phone ever since iPhone 3G.
#bitternessoverloadandroidusers; #bitternessoverloadandroidusers
Anonymous, 27 Apr 2015I know how it performs becose i have it and its great. In every day usage it's blazing fast, m... moreThe thing is simple: You pay 200$, you cant match iPhone 6. You pay the same price as iPhone 6 (ie. S6, you get lag, since the GPU cannot handle the increased resolution). Plus you wanna root / malware and all those things.
 
 You pay subpar 600$ you get the other flagships HTC / LG / Sony, each running either a blazing 810 (you know its bad) or the lower class 808. 
 
 Why not pay a bit more, save your headache and get iPhone? This year is kinda hash on android cpu and fanboys.; The thing is simple: You pay 200$, you cant match iPhone 6. You pay the same price as iPhone 6 (ie. S6, you get lag, since the GPU cannot handle the increased resolution). Plus you wanna root / malware and all those things.; You pay subpar 600$ you get the other flagships HTC / LG / Sony, each running either a blazing 810 (you know its bad) or the lower class 808.; Why not pay a bit more, save your headache and get iPhone? This year is kinda hash on android cpu and fanboys.
Anonymous, 27 Apr 2015Aw. I was wishing he could run some gaming performance, or push the phone a bit to the limits.... moreI know how it performs becose i have it and its great. In every day usage it's blazing fast, multitasking is also stellar. Yes there is some slide lag with very heavy games it's because of the weak GPU with only 2 core and yes Iphone 6+ will perform beter in gaming with his hi end GPU with 4 cores. But with same GPUs believe me that pfone will slap around IPh. with no doubt for me. And don't forget its 4 times cheaper, it comes pre-rooted with option switch Super user and you have all the freedom to do what ever you want (and you can :>)) 
 Sta'ko; I know how it performs becose i have it and its great. In every day usage it's blazing fast, multitasking is also stellar. Yes there is some slide lag with very heavy games it's because of the weak GPU with only 2 core and yes Iphone 6+ will perform beter in gaming with his hi end GPU with 4 cores. But with same GPUs believe me that pfone will slap around IPh. with no doubt for me. And don't forget its 4 times cheaper, it comes pre-rooted with option switch Super user and you have all the freedom to do what ever you want (and you can :>)); Sta'ko
I am using i phone 6 with 64Gb.. It was happend last 4 days and until now i am not able to use this sucky phone..as due to my phone keep on turn bule and restart the phone continuously. I am Apple supporter and now I am so regaret about apple phone..this stupic blue screen make my life suck and it seem to consider android phone. I brought to apple customer service and they help me to reinstall the ios 8.3 and it still the SAME!; I am using i phone 6 with 64Gb.. It was happend last 4 days and until now i am not able to use this sucky phone..as due to my phone keep on turn bule and restart the phone continuously. I am Apple supporter and now I am so regaret about apple phone..this stupic blue screen make my life suck and it seem to consider android phone. I brought to apple customer service and they help me to reinstall the ios 8.3 and it still the SAME!
mamun, 27 Apr 2015how can remove/open iPhone 6 lock without password?You can't., it's not android. Did you find an iPhone or buy a stolen one ?; You can't., it's not android. Did you find an iPhone or buy a stolen one ?
Ali, 25 Apr 2015Yes iPhone 6 is best mobile with no issues.I use so many other brands but no one is like iPhon... moreGold; Gold
Anonymous, 27 Apr 2015Aw. I was wishing he could run some gaming performance, or push the phone a bit to the limits.... more" you will find the iPhone 6 plus A8 is more then enough to crush that performance",then why it didn't ????; " you will find the iPhone 6 plus A8 is more then enough to crush that performance",then why it didn't ????
[deleted post]Aw. I was wishing he could run some gaming performance, or push the phone a bit to the limits.
 
 Instead he use ping test rofl... thats for testing ISP's performance, hardly to do with phone lol.
 
 Plus look, he is using iPhone 6 Plus as his daily driver. I bet once he finish the review, he would dump that china phone aside, and collect dust.
 
 Note: That phone is running Mediatek processor, on par with sd615, which is a mid tier to high tier end octa core phone. And you know how it will perform, just search, you will find the iPhone 6 plus A8 is more then enough to crush that performance.; Aw. I was wishing he could run some gaming performance, or push the phone a bit to the limits.; Instead he use ping test rofl... thats for testing ISP's performance, hardly to do with phone lol.; Plus look, he is using iPhone 6 Plus as his daily driver. I bet once he finish the review, he would dump that china phone aside, and collect dust.; Note: That phone is running Mediatek processor, on par with sd615, which is a mid tier to high tier end octa core phone. And you know how it will perform, just search, you will find the iPhone 6 plus A8 is more then enough to crush that performance.
what do you prefer? high specs or better user experience?
 what's the point in having high specs? Do you all use all of it's potential? you all tweak or overclock it? or you just simply use simple phone tasks, play games, listen to music, browsing internet?
 So why do you need that crazy specs instead a ok specs but with optimized OS. Please people, it just like you buy $2000 pc rig just for browsing web and do office thing.; what do you prefer? high specs or better user experience?; what's the point in having high specs? Do you all use all of it's potential? you all tweak or overclock it? or you just simply use simple phone tasks, play games, listen to music, browsing internet?; So why do you need that crazy specs instead a ok specs but with optimized OS. Please people, it just like you buy $2000 pc rig just for browsing web and do office thing.
how can remove/open iPhone 6 lock without password?; how can remove/open iPhone 6 lock without password?
I am planning to take Iphone6 and i am very loaded user. So, i will have my emails, other social networking tools & games fully loaded. Would like to know battery reliability ? if it can accumulate 24 hours that is more then enough for me?; I am planning to take Iphone6 and i am very loaded user. So, i will have my emails, other social networking tools & games fully loaded. Would like to know battery reliability ? if it can accumulate 24 hours that is more then enough for me?
Duel, 26 Apr 2015"If you put android in your precious Iphone it will lag like hell." Hard to say, ... moreBelieve it. It may perform well with ios but android demand more ram. It's like run dos on i7 the ios, android is too complicated (doesn't meter how powerful A8 is) it will be like galaxy yong or worst :-).; Believe it. It may perform well with ios but android demand more ram. It's like run dos on i7 the ios, android is too complicated (doesn't meter how powerful A8 is) it will be like galaxy yong or worst :-).
Sta-ko, 26 Apr 2015You should put in your head and remember that iphone performs well because of the very good GP... more"If you put android in your precious Iphone it will lag like hell."
 
 Hard to say, device performance wise it should work as good as with top android phones or even better.; "If you put android in your precious Iphone it will lag like hell."; Hard to say, device performance wise it should work as good as with top android phones or even better.
Anomynous, 26 Apr 2015Yep, that's reality, the ones quoting specs are very mistaken. Galaxy Tab S is the best exampl... moreYou should put in your head and remember that iphone performs well because of the very good GPU and the cut restrictive and very simple IOS. If you put android in your precious Iphone it will lag like hell.; You should put in your head and remember that iphone performs well because of the very good GPU and the cut restrictive and very simple IOS. If you put android in your precious Iphone it will lag like hell.
Duel, 26 Apr 2015IPhone 6 gaming performance is superior http://youtu.be/2zgBv9_H2Jk S6, Z3 and M9 all lags ... moreYep, that's reality, the ones quoting specs are very mistaken. Galaxy Tab S is the best example, so good octacore and very impressive specs, but when I tested it could not run simple games smoothly, performance is lower than iPad 2 and then Ad-droid fans come and quote specs, that's so backwards, how can they disregard reality and worship a list of specifications???; Yep, that's reality, the ones quoting specs are very mistaken. Galaxy Tab S is the best example, so good octacore and very impressive specs, but when I tested it could not run simple games smoothly, performance is lower than iPad 2 and then Ad-droid fans come and quote specs, that's so backwards, how can they disregard reality and worship a list of specifications???
IPhone 6 gaming performance is superior http://youtu.be/2zgBv9_H2Jk 
 
 S6, Z3 and M9 all lags while iPhone performance is just perfect; IPhone 6 gaming performance is superior; S6, Z3 and M9 all lags while iPhone performance is just perfect
Anonymous, 26 Apr 2015Haha.. the era of Nokia is over. People look forward to future OS. Just like people will ge... moreYeah. New generation smartphone wont have bluetooth, radio, sd slots and even sim card slot. That the kind of phone we want. So smart that you feel like you dont even have a phone.*Sarcasm*; Yeah. New generation smartphone wont have bluetooth, radio, sd slots and even sim card slot. That the kind of phone we want. So smart that you feel like you dont even have a phone.*Sarcasm*
GthiK, 25 Apr 2015OMG, only iPhone and android users.. wtf guys, No one beats nokia, nothing can compare to micr... moreHaha.. the era of Nokia is over. People look forward to future OS.
 
 Just like people will get over sd slots, bluetooth transfer, all these cavemen tech.
 
 Look to the future of media consumption and games. Like Spotify, Pandora. No one need to drag and drop and fear lost their data when they lost their phones.; Haha.. the era of Nokia is over. People look forward to future OS.; Just like people will get over sd slots, bluetooth transfer, all these cavemen tech.; Look to the future of media consumption and games. Like Spotify, Pandora. No one need to drag and drop and fear lost their data when they lost their phones.
Yes iPhone 6 is best mobile with no issues.I use so many other brands but no one is like iPhone 6.I like Space Gray iPhone but i ask from u people which colour of iphone 6 you like most?; Yes iPhone 6 is best mobile with no issues.I use so many other brands but no one is like iPhone 6.I like Space Gray iPhone but i ask from u people which colour of iphone 6 you like most?
OMG, only iPhone and android users.. wtf guys, No one beats nokia, nothing can compare to microsoft windows OS or Symbyan. Nokia N95 the best "retro" phone ever, Microsoft Lumia phones are on the way and they are awesome. And Nokia Lumia.. simply the best.; OMG, only iPhone and android users.. wtf guys, No one beats nokia, nothing can compare to microsoft windows OS or Symbyan. Nokia N95 the best "retro" phone ever, Microsoft Lumia phones are on the way and they are awesome. And Nokia Lumia.. simply the best.
j, 25 Apr 2015dont compare iPhones with android phones, 'cause they are very very very different. i am an ... morei'm an iPhone user since day 1 of iPhone (iPhone 1st Gen); i'm an iPhone user since day 1 of iPhone (iPhone 1st Gen)
Anonymous, 24 Apr 2015Just to share my undivided opinion, iphone6 and gs6 is quite similar. Especially the metal cha... moreMoto G's UI is pretty much identical to the stock Google UI. They both have app drawers.; Moto G's UI is pretty much identical to the stock Google UI. They both have app drawers.
dont compare iPhones with android phones, 'cause they are very very very different.
 i am an iPhone user since 4s. i changed into android for more free apps and freedom of transfering data, but after few months I shifted again to iPhone. for me iPhone is simple yet superb :); dont compare iPhones with android phones, 'cause they are very very very different.; i am an iPhone user since 4s. i changed into android for more free apps and freedom of transfering data, but after few months I shifted again to iPhone. for me iPhone is simple yet superb :)
The iphone is the best .i know the s6 is faster than iphone 6. but s6 has 3 gb of ram,octa core 2.7 GHZ 16 mp while iphone 1 gb of ram,dual core 1.4 GHZ 8 mp.s6 is faster than iphone6 in 2 second and sometimes iphone 6 is faster .
 The iphone is best; The iphone is the best .i know the s6 is faster than iphone 6. but s6 has 3 gb of ram,octa core 2.7 GHZ 16 mp while iphone 1 gb of ram,dual core 1.4 GHZ 8 mp.s6 is faster than iphone6 in 2 second and sometimes iphone 6 is faster .; The iphone is best
I really like iPhone 6 and its performance.Its very fast,smooth,reliable and good looking phone and i love Space Gray colour of iP6.Please also give ur opinion on colour of iPhone 6.; I really like iPhone 6 and its performance.Its very fast,smooth,reliable and good looking phone and i love Space Gray colour of iP6.Please also give ur opinion on colour of iPhone 6.
Just to share my undivided opinion, iphone6 and gs6 is quite similar. Especially the metal chasis body. People complain about getting rid of the tactile home button key and the camera bump on samsung but i see similar problem on iphone6. I also noticed that moto g drawerless interface is similar to iphone ui. Btw, please dont compare apple with android device. It just like comparing blackberry and windows phones. They all completely different OS.; Just to share my undivided opinion, iphone6 and gs6 is quite similar. Especially the metal chasis body. People complain about getting rid of the tactile home button key and the camera bump on samsung but i see similar problem on iphone6. I also noticed that moto g drawerless interface is similar to iphone ui. Btw, please dont compare apple with android device. It just like comparing blackberry and windows phones. They all completely different OS.
Anonymous, 24 Apr 2015using android since 2010 now using iphone 6 and everything for me changed iphone is simply ama... moreThats the trend currently, more and more people switching from android to iPhone because there's bigger iPhones available.; Thats the trend currently, more and more people switching from android to iPhone because there's bigger iPhones available.
using android since 2010 now using iphone 6 and everything for me changed iphone is simply amazing .androids and iphone no comparison belive me friends use iphone and then say ios is best; using android since 2010 now using iphone 6 and everything for me changed iphone is simply amazing .androids and iphone no comparison belive me friends use iphone and then say ios is best
as am using iPhone 5S. i bought dis mobile on dec'15 while am using data or call means, by comparing other iPhone's its getting too hot.. i cud update 8.3. bt the heating issue is going on... i need to replace my mob.. is it possible to replace my mob.. pls anyone help me; as am using iPhone 5S. i bought dis mobile on dec'15 while am using data or call means, by comparing other iPhone's its getting too hot.. i cud update 8.3. bt the heating issue is going on... i need to replace my mob.. is it possible to replace my mob.. pls anyone help me
i s mathapati, 24 Apr 2015i am unable to copy songs and other data from my pc to iphone 6Download iTunes from apple.com/itunes then sync music/videos and other from PC to iPhone; Download iTunes from apple.com/itunes then sync music/videos and other from PC to iPhone
amazzzing mobile it earns me a lot ofrespect wooooooooow 
 im proud to be an iphone user
 i further welcome u all to the apple community.................; amazzzing mobile it earns me a lot ofrespect wooooooooow; im proud to be an iphone user; i further welcome u all to the apple community.................
i am unable to copy songs and other data from my pc to iphone 6; i am unable to copy songs and other data from my pc to iphone 6
alireza.mir, 23 Apr 2015if you have an iphone you will never say this!! iphone is not comparable with the cheap and w... moreWell, others do it. Industry professionals and reviewers do it and the iphone never wins over the likes of S6, M9, etc.
 
 Also, the iphone is cheaper than those phones.
 
 Your comment is quite wrong, as you can see...; Well, others do it. Industry professionals and reviewers do it and the iphone never wins over the likes of S6, M9, etc.; Also, the iphone is cheaper than those phones.; Your comment is quite wrong, as you can see...
so far, been using this fone since dec 2014. so ar so good. but the battery sometimes gets hot while charging and while using 3g.; so far, been using this fone since dec 2014. so ar so good. but the battery sometimes gets hot while charging and while using 3g.
Duel, 15 Apr 2015Pear and Peach are same person that's 100% fact, don't know about those others. Pear also h... moreI am Pear. x; I am Pear. x
I love my new iphone6! VSCO app is way better on iOS. Opening of applications are fast. The UI is simple, and minimal. Battery drains fast though because of 3G and LTE, but charging the phone is quicker too.; I love my new iphone6! VSCO app is way better on iOS. Opening of applications are fast. The UI is simple, and minimal. Battery drains fast though because of 3G and LTE, but charging the phone is quicker too.
hrdik, 18 Apr 2015Frndzz plzz answer my question... Does it supports Bluetooth... Cn we share any thing to an... moreyou can use third party app like Share-It, you can download it thru AppStore, make sure that the other use has also Share it to share photos, videos and songs; you can use third party app like Share-It, you can download it thru AppStore, make sure that the other use has also Share it to share photos, videos and songs
I purchased factory opened iPhone 6 from L.A.'s Apple store in January.,2015 I have faced following problems.
 1 It becomes blank for about 10 minutes and after that screen becomes normal.This frequently happens to my Partner's factory opened I phone 6 also.(Purchased from L.A., USA once again)
 2 It did not respond to touch for opening few times. I took it to Apple Repair Shop in Ahmedabad. They erased all data and reinstalled . Resultantly, I lost my I book I phone 6 manual.
 3 If I want to send Business card from my phone book's address, I can't.
 4 Even though, I changed my Apple password, my Macbook Pro still requires old Password.
 My email: sanjaydshah@gmail.com; I purchased factory opened iPhone 6 from L.A.'s Apple store in January.,2015 I have faced following problems.; 1 It becomes blank for about 10 minutes and after that screen becomes normal.This frequently happens to my Partner's factory opened I phone 6 also.(Purchased from L.A., USA once again); 2 It did not respond to touch for opening few times. I took it to Apple Repair Shop in Ahmedabad. They erased all data and reinstalled . Resultantly, I lost my I book I phone 6 manual.; 3 If I want to send Business card from my phone book's address, I can't.; 4 Even though, I changed my Apple password, my Macbook Pro still requires old Password.; My email: sanjaydshah@gmail.com
if you have an iphone you will never say this!! iphone is not comparable with the cheap and worse android phones! never for ever compare them plz!! tnx.; if you have an iphone you will never say this!! iphone is not comparable with the cheap and worse android phones! never for ever compare them plz!! tnx.
Anonymous, 22 Apr 2015i dont think you're an iphone userHe used it and got to know the fact that's what happened accept it !!!!; He used it and got to know the fact that's what happened accept it !!!!
This phone is crap, 21 Apr 2015I've had my iPhone for 4 months now and all I can say is it's crap The battery life is comple... morei dont think you're an iphone user; i dont think you're an iphone user
Excuse me but people who say android is difficult to use have either never used a proper android or have learning difficulties.
 
 On my previous LG phone i had contacts, what's app, camera and skype on my first page. That is all. How can that be difficult to people? There is no way you can get it sinpler than that. On my new iphone however i need to stick with a million apps from this silly company that i will never use...it really is atrocious...can't wait to get rid of this...; Excuse me but people who say android is difficult to use have either never used a proper android or have learning difficulties.; On my previous LG phone i had contacts, what's app, camera and skype on my first page. That is all. How can that be difficult to people? There is no way you can get it sinpler than that. On my new iphone however i need to stick with a million apps from this silly company that i will never use...it really is atrocious...can't wait to get rid of this...
I had been an iPhone loyalist since iPhone 4(which I purchased during my college days in the US) and then moved on to iPhone 5. I puchased the Iphone 6 in January this year and I just wanted to share my feelings of using the same. I wouldnt be comapring the iPhone 6 with any Android flagships; each phone is good in its own way.
 What I feel about iPhones is that they are dsigned to work easily for the user. Sure, Apple traps you by restricting customisations, but then that also means that iPhones are less prone to virus attacks. Also 4.7" screen diagonal is apt for one-handed use. The screen, though not the brightest out there, has enough pixels for me to enjoy HD videos on Youtube. I can easily connect to my gmail and other Google Apps. Also, the AppStore boasts of some of the best mobile applications.
 The camera is slightly less in terms of number of pixels, but nonetheless, you get perfectly usable pictures and in some cases, better than what point-and-shoots offer.
 Finally, I havent had any heating issues so far, though my iPhone 6 experiences ocassional lags and stutters while palying heavy games. 
 The space gray colour is a beauty to behold and I enjoy the glance and stare of people everytime I bring out my iPhone of the pocket. My work requires me to travel abroad and my iPhone is truly a gloabal phone in that. Its 4G-enabled for most regions and offcourse, its a true unlocked phone that works with any sim anywhere.; I had been an iPhone loyalist since iPhone 4(which I purchased during my college days in the US) and then moved on to iPhone 5. I puchased the Iphone 6 in January this year and I just wanted to share my feelings of using the same. I wouldnt be comapring the iPhone 6 with any Android flagships; each phone is good in its own way.; What I feel about iPhones is that they are dsigned to work easily for the user. Sure, Apple traps you by restricting customisations, but then that also means that iPhones are less prone to virus attacks. Also 4.7" screen diagonal is apt for one-handed use. The screen, though not the brightest out there, has enough pixels for me to enjoy HD videos on Youtube. I can easily connect to my gmail and other Google Apps. Also, the AppStore boasts of some of the best mobile applications.; The camera is slightly less in terms of number of pixels, but nonetheless, you get perfectly usable pictures and in some cases, better than what point-and-shoots offer.; Finally, I havent had any heating issues so far, though my iPhone 6 experiences ocassional lags and stutters while palying heavy games.; The space gray colour is a beauty to behold and I enjoy the glance and stare of people everytime I bring out my iPhone of the pocket. My work requires me to travel abroad and my iPhone is truly a gloabal phone in that. Its 4G-enabled for most regions and offcourse, its a true unlocked phone that works with any sim anywhere.
tumama, 22 Apr 2015which one is the fastest phone the iphone 6 or the samsung s6"which one is the fastest phone the iphone 6 or the samsung s6"
 
 Hard to say, according to many speedtests the speed is about same. Some things works faster with S6 and some with iPhone 6, even the difference in most of cases is near to none.; "which one is the fastest phone the iphone 6 or the samsung s6"; Hard to say, according to many speedtests the speed is about same. Some things works faster with S6 and some with iPhone 6, even the difference in most of cases is near to none.
tumama, 22 Apr 2015which one is the fastest phone the iphone 6 or the samsung s6On paper specs, the cpu of S6 is superior then iPhone 6 / 6 plus. Samsung is keen to show the world their paper specs win everyone.
 
 But burden of the resolution cause S6 to perform worse then iPhone 6 / 6 plus in actual life.
 
 Now, normal applications should see no major impact. Its only when you run games and graphic intensive apps, you find S6 is worse then iP6/plus.
 
 http://appleinsider.com/articles/15/04/01/samsun­g-galaxy-s6-delivers-poor-graphics-performance-v­s-apple-iphone-6-plus; On paper specs, the cpu of S6 is superior then iPhone 6 / 6 plus. Samsung is keen to show the world their paper specs win everyone.; But burden of the resolution cause S6 to perform worse then iPhone 6 / 6 plus in actual life.; Now, normal applications should see no major impact. Its only when you run games and graphic intensive apps, you find S6 is worse then iP6/plus.
This phone is crap, 21 Apr 2015I've had my iPhone for 4 months now and all I can say is it's crap The battery life is comple... moreI doubt you can find another phone of its formfactor that can last as long.; I doubt you can find another phone of its formfactor that can last as long.
Duel, 21 Apr 2015http://youtu.be/_AsKhUL90a0 don't be brainwashed by numbers Another one http://youtu.be/h6c... morewhich one is the fastest phone the iphone 6 or the samsung s6; which one is the fastest phone the iphone 6 or the samsung s6
I've had my iPhone for 4 months now and all I can say is it's crap
 The battery life is completely garbage it doesn't even last a full 24 hours and the phone gets stupidly hot after 10 minutes of usage apparently Apple says it's cause you need to start the phone as "a new device" and therefore cannot backup from your old phone...then what the hell was the point of being able to transfer it to a new phone...after my contract is up I doubt I'll go with another iPhone; I've had my iPhone for 4 months now and all I can say is it's crap; The battery life is completely garbage it doesn't even last a full 24 hours and the phone gets stupidly hot after 10 minutes of usage apparently Apple says it's cause you need to start the phone as "a new device" and therefore cannot backup from your old phone...then what the hell was the point of being able to transfer it to a new phone...after my contract is up I doubt I'll go with another iPhone
tumama, 21 Apr 2015this phone has the specs of the nexus 4http://youtu.be/_AsKhUL90a0 don't be brainwashed by numbers
 
 Another one http://youtu.be/h6ciBW2AfMk; don't be brainwashed by numbers; Another one
this phone has the specs of the nexus 4; this phone has the specs of the nexus 4
We just purchased the IPHONE 6 a month ago and it is already bent, Apple says that it will not replace it due to it being "accidental damage". Beware of these phones, we had it in an otter box from the time of purchase and the phone still bent....; We just purchased the IPHONE 6 a month ago and it is already bent, Apple says that it will not replace it due to it being "accidental damage". Beware of these phones, we had it in an otter box from the time of purchase and the phone still bent....
Anonymous, 21 Apr 2015S6 isn't much faster than iPhone 6, they are actually almost same speed devices, all the speed... moreYeah right
 S6 is still a better device than the iphone 6 (specs and cost wise); Yeah right; S6 is still a better device than the iphone 6 (specs and cost wise)
I've been a loyal Android (Samsung) fan since the Galaxy 1 came out and I was blown away over my then failing Nokia (symbian phone). 
 
 But just as Nokia played the fool and got cocky, so has Samsung and I've had both the S4 and S5 give me hell with some problem or another. 
 
 So I tried the so called "devil" in my mind, being the iPhone and I don't think I am going back to Android. I have been seduced by the dark side and though it has only been days, I don't think I'll be going back. 
 
 I will be hoping that I don't have to change my phone again soon and when I do, I hope that by then, Apple would improve where Android succeeds more. 
 
 So far from what I have experienced, my new iPhone 6 is seamless with use. No hiccups to transition. Touch ID beats that crap that the S5 put out. Camera may seem like less megapixels, but interface is much better and for some reason I can't figure out yet, picture quality seems so much better. Megapixels isn't everything after all. My call quality has dramatically improved as my friends have qualified that my speech doesn't sound muffled anymore. One friend joked that I sounded like Darth Vader. Oh and most impressive is my speakers, wow, what a difference. I can hear some much better with these loud speakers and I've had this problem with Samsungs from day one.
 
 All in all I can't complain so far. Yes, Apple is expensive, but if it can last me for at least 2 years before I change, then it would be worth it. I've had to change both S4 and S5 within a year each and inbetween that I had a S3 mini which was a terrible experience. 
 
 I was surprised to look at the specs on the iphone to see that they are using a dual core and still they end up putting out a great phone over a quad core processor that still gives problems.
 
 So for now I am hooked. 
 
 And for anyone wanting to take the leap, just do it. 
 
 You won't be disappointed.; I've been a loyal Android (Samsung) fan since the Galaxy 1 came out and I was blown away over my then failing Nokia (symbian phone).; But just as Nokia played the fool and got cocky, so has Samsung and I've had both the S4 and S5 give me hell with some problem or another.; So I tried the so called "devil" in my mind, being the iPhone and I don't think I am going back to Android. I have been seduced by the dark side and though it has only been days, I don't think I'll be going back.; I will be hoping that I don't have to change my phone again soon and when I do, I hope that by then, Apple would improve where Android succeeds more.; So far from what I have experienced, my new iPhone 6 is seamless with use. No hiccups to transition. Touch ID beats that crap that the S5 put out. Camera may seem like less megapixels, but interface is much better and for some reason I can't figure out yet, picture quality seems so much better. Megapixels isn't everything after all. My call quality has dramatically improved as my friends have qualified that my speech doesn't sound muffled anymore. One friend joked that I sounded like Darth Vader. Oh and most impressive is my speakers, wow, what a difference. I can hear some much better with these loud speakers and I've had this problem with Samsungs from day one.; All in all I can't complain so far. Yes, Apple is expensive, but if it can last me for at least 2 years before I change, then it would be worth it. I've had to change both S4 and S5 within a year each and inbetween that I had a S3 mini which was a terrible experience.; I was surprised to look at the specs on the iphone to see that they are using a dual core and still they end up putting out a great phone over a quad core processor that still gives problems.; So for now I am hooked.; And for anyone wanting to take the leap, just do it.; You won't be disappointed.
Anonymous, 21 Apr 2015We all know what you said, but still those android devices doesn't run iOS, neither have acces... moreSo what you are saying is that if you buy an iphone, you need to continue buying everything that one single company puts out.
 
 You do realize how that is detrimental? I for one don't like to be owned by one company...i like to have different things from different companies. Apple does not have the upper hand in any of those individual categories. It's just another tech company who functions more on marketing than innovation.
 
 Also, S6 is half a year younger than the iphone 6. Also, the S5 is half a year older and it still beats the iphone 6 in a lot of categories (important ones: camera and battery for example). Just sayin x; So what you are saying is that if you buy an iphone, you need to continue buying everything that one single company puts out.; You do realize how that is detrimental? I for one don't like to be owned by one company...i like to have different things from different companies. Apple does not have the upper hand in any of those individual categories. It's just another tech company who functions more on marketing than innovation.; Also, S6 is half a year younger than the iphone 6. Also, the S5 is half a year older and it still beats the iphone 6 in a lot of categories (important ones: camera and battery for example). Just sayin x
Pear, 21 Apr 2015The reason why this page attracts people like me is because people who buy this phone tend to ... moreS6 isn't much faster than iPhone 6, they are actually almost same speed devices, all the speedtests proves that. So when upcoming iPhone coming, it's going to be speed beast again. because S6 hardly beats dual core iPhone 6 :D; S6 isn't much faster than iPhone 6, they are actually almost same speed devices, all the speedtests proves that. So when upcoming iPhone coming, it's going to be speed beast again. because S6 hardly beats dual core iPhone 6 :D
Pear, 21 Apr 2015The reason why this page attracts people like me is because people who buy this phone tend to ... moreWe all know what you said, but still those android devices doesn't run iOS, neither have access to appstore, doesn't have best 3rd accessories collection, doesn't have support for Apple watch, no continuity, no unified experience among different products. No support for upcoming Apple TV box and current models. I could continue this list a long time but i got bored...
 
 You should see the big picture it's not all about device vs device, it's the whole ecosystem with many devices working together effortlessly.
 
 and yes S6 beats iPhone 6 in some areas, it's one year newer device than iPhone 6 so it's not that strange, funnier would have been if S6 couldn't beat the iPhone 6? If we can learn anything from pass iPhone 6S/7 going to beat every other phone in 2015 again just like every year before.; We all know what you said, but still those android devices doesn't run iOS, neither have access to appstore, doesn't have best 3rd accessories collection, doesn't have support for Apple watch, no continuity, no unified experience among different products. No support for upcoming Apple TV box and current models. I could continue this list a long time but i got bored...; You should see the big picture it's not all about device vs device, it's the whole ecosystem with many devices working together effortlessly.; and yes S6 beats iPhone 6 in some areas, it's one year newer device than iPhone 6 so it's not that strange, funnier would have been if S6 couldn't beat the iPhone 6? If we can learn anything from pass iPhone 6S/7 going to beat every other phone in 2015 again just like every year before.
moved from samsung galaxy s3 to iphone 6 awesome feeling it is.; moved from samsung galaxy s3 to iphone 6 awesome feeling it is.
Voting resoults are hillarious. This voting is from android users. But how can they grade iPhone when they don't own this phone. Reason for this bad grades? Jealousy. That is all from me, enjoy all people who can in this amazing iPhone.; Voting resoults are hillarious. This voting is from android users. But how can they grade iPhone when they don't own this phone. Reason for this bad grades? Jealousy. That is all from me, enjoy all people who can in this amazing iPhone.
fantastic mob.; fantastic mob.
The reason why this page attracts people like me is because people who buy this phone tend to think 2 things:
 
 1. All android phones are people who can't afford Apple
 2. All android phones are low in quality.
 
 
 It's very simple. Price wise there are plenty of Android phone that are more expensive (as that would matter). What matters is that most phones that have a smaller retail price than the iphone 6, actually cost more to manufacture.
 
 A simple research on S6 vs i6 (the 2 most popular phone right now, makes it quite obvious):
 
 1. Battery life - S6: 19:48h Talktime 
 10:56h Web browsing
 12:12h Video Playback
 
 iPhone6: 12:23h Talktime 
 10:29h Web browsing
 9:24h Video Playback
 
 2. Camera wise, we all know it's not all about the number of megapixels. However, as many tests suggest, the S6 camera ridicules the iphone 6 one. The "galatic" test performed here on GSM arena showed that out of the NOTE 4, S5, S6 and iphone 6, the iphone 6 came last in quality of pictures taken.
 
 3. Durability - several tests done on Youtube (granted, not incredibly scientific) show the S6 surviving falls that the iphone 6 would never dream of surviving. I mean it survived a runover with a car...
 
 4. Speed - All benchmark tests show the S6 being much faster than the iphone 6. The only area where the iphone 6 wins by a very little margin is the single core power. That would be exciting if we were in 2012.
 
 5. Features 
 A. NFC - i can currently use my phone in bus stops to check when the next bus is coming, by just swiping my phone over a pole (yes, it's actually fun)
 B. Wireless charging - the S6 is a phone that you will soon be able to charge in coffee shops and stuff..
 C. Widgets - they're fun, they have personality
 D. Payments - you can use the S6 in the majority of retailers, whereas the iphone 6 can be used in the apple store and mcdonalds or something like that...
 
 
 The list could go on, but i'm getting a bit bored writing...; The reason why this page attracts people like me is because people who buy this phone tend to think 2 things:; 1. All android phones are people who can't afford Apple; 2. All android phones are low in quality.; It's very simple. Price wise there are plenty of Android phone that are more expensive (as that would matter). What matters is that most phones that have a smaller retail price than the iphone 6, actually cost more to manufacture.; A simple research on S6 vs i6 (the 2 most popular phone right now, makes it quite obvious):; 1. Battery life - S6: 19:48h Talktime; 10:56h Web browsing; 12:12h Video Playback; iPhone6: 12:23h Talktime; 10:29h Web browsing; 9:24h Video Playback; 2. Camera wise, we all know it's not all about the number of megapixels. However, as many tests suggest, the S6 camera ridicules the iphone 6 one. The "galatic" test performed here on GSM arena showed that out of the NOTE 4, S5, S6 and iphone 6, the iphone 6 came last in quality of pictures taken.; 3. Durability - several tests done on Youtube (granted, not incredibly scientific) show the S6 surviving falls that the iphone 6 would never dream of surviving. I mean it survived a runover with a car...; 4. Speed - All benchmark tests show the S6 being much faster than the iphone 6. The only area where the iphone 6 wins by a very little margin is the single core power. That would be exciting if we were in 2012.; 5. Features; A. NFC - i can currently use my phone in bus stops to check when the next bus is coming, by just swiping my phone over a pole (yes, it's actually fun); B. Wireless charging - the S6 is a phone that you will soon be able to charge in coffee shops and stuff..; C. Widgets - they're fun, they have personality; D. Payments - you can use the S6 in the majority of retailers, whereas the iphone 6 can be used in the apple store and mcdonalds or something like that...; The list could go on, but i'm getting a bit bored writing...
Kunjumon, 20 Apr 2015 Customize? Yes, but not like heavy and complicate like android. Both cameras at the same ... moreIf you find Android customization heavy and difficult, i think you have a problem. I would seriously get that checked. I mean you vote and all that, so it's not really healthy for society...; If you find Android customization heavy and difficult, i think you have a problem. I would seriously get that checked. I mean you vote and all that, so it's not really healthy for society...
As LG is getting the sd808, HTC burning with the sd810. Z4 is unsure to use sd808 or 810.. And Samsung giving the middle finger to android's fav sd slots and removable battery.
 
 This year is terrible for droid fanboys. Apple is in no hurry, and still making great sales with Apple watch now.
 
 As the new King iPhone 6s /7 will show up soon and destroy all the competition.; As LG is getting the sd808, HTC burning with the sd810. Z4 is unsure to use sd808 or 810.. And Samsung giving the middle finger to android's fav sd slots and removable battery.; This year is terrible for droid fanboys. Apple is in no hurry, and still making great sales with Apple watch now.; As the new King iPhone 6s /7 will show up soon and destroy all the competition.
Pear, 20 Apr 2015No, it does not. Good try though. Why are you so fixed on speed anyway? It's rather embarra... more
 
 Customize? Yes, but not like heavy and complicate like android.
 Both cameras at the same time? Yes AppStore has some good camera apps for that.
 Multitasking? Yes, far better than android (http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=hUw9PUlFUF0
 Split screen? What a important feature ! I think you are doing eating and bathing at same time.
 Widgets? Yes ,we can use good quality third party widgets from iOS 7; Customize? Yes, but not like heavy and complicate like android.; Both cameras at the same time? Yes AppStore has some good camera apps for that.; Multitasking? Yes, far better than android (http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=hUw9PUlFUF0; Split screen? What a important feature ! I think you are doing eating and bathing at same time.; Widgets? Yes ,we can use good quality third party widgets from iOS 7
Anonymous, 20 Apr 2015Expectation of iOS users are so high. Android users can never understand. Most android user... moreWhether iphone6 gets heat while using 3G net or playing games or using WiFi etc.....simple whether it gets heated or not while using; Whether iphone6 gets heat while using 3G net or playing games or using WiFi etc.....simple whether it gets heated or not while using
Reaper.s1000rr, 20 Apr 2015Yeah, lets believe in brand new created accounts suddenly claiming their phones are lagging ra... moreFictional iPhone users. They make things up hoping to deflect sales. I'm not surprised if some of me are on samsungs payroll.; Fictional iPhone users. They make things up hoping to deflect sales. I'm not surprised if some of me are on samsungs payroll.
[deleted post]yea but is page is for user oppionons. Not haters. Users being actual owners; yea but is page is for user oppionons. Not haters. Users being actual owners
Pear, 20 Apr 2015No, it does not. Good try though. Why are you so fixed on speed anyway? It's rather embarra... moreIf you dont like the phone why are you on its page?; If you dont like the phone why are you on its page?
cdnj, 19 Apr 2015No lags? Are you sure? Might as well check all these complaints: https://discussions.apple.... moreYeah, lets believe in brand new created accounts suddenly claiming their phones are lagging rather than our own experience.
 
 Fandroid logic.; Yeah, lets believe in brand new created accounts suddenly claiming their phones are lagging rather than our own experience.; Fandroid logic.
Anonymous, 20 Apr 2015Expectation of iOS users are so high. Android users can never understand. Most android user... moreNo, it does not.
 
 Good try though. Why are you so fixed on speed anyway? It's rather embarrassing...you are talking about about a phone that does nothing...it would be disastrous for iphones to not even run relatively quick considering how poor their OS is.
 
 Customize? No
 Both cameras at the same time? No
 Multitasking? No
 Split screen? No (you guys still have to leave apps to use others temporarily haha)
 Widgets? No
 NFC? No
 
 Take poorer pictures than the competition? Yes
 
 There are button phones that do more than an iphone does. 
 
 But now you have phones that are quicker even with being twice as intuitive and customer friendly as you beloved cheap device...; No, it does not.; Good try though. Why are you so fixed on speed anyway? It's rather embarrassing...you are talking about about a phone that does nothing...it would be disastrous for iphones to not even run relatively quick considering how poor their OS is.; Customize? No; Both cameras at the same time? No; Multitasking? No; Split screen? No (you guys still have to leave apps to use others temporarily haha); Widgets? No; NFC? No; Take poorer pictures than the competition? Yes; There are button phones that do more than an iphone does.; But now you have phones that are quicker even with being twice as intuitive and customer friendly as you beloved cheap device...
wow wow wow ios8.3 itz ozm; wow wow wow ios8.3 itz ozm
WaBBy500, 20 Apr 2015https://discussions.apple.com/thread/6544308 What you want to say on this kunjomon,duel and a... more"Latest reply: Dec 25, 2014" :); "Latest reply: Dec 25, 2014" :)
hrdik, 18 Apr 2015Frndzz plzz answer my question... Does it supports Bluetooth... Cn we share any thing to an... moreiphone to iphone only not iphone to andriod..; iphone to iphone only not iphone to andriod..
WaBBy500, 20 Apr 2015https://discussions.apple.com/thread/6544308 What you want to say on this kunjomon,duel and a... moreExpectation of iOS users are so high. Android users can never understand.
 
 Most android users who use iPhone, have their mind blowup from the speed of iPhones.
 
 iOS 8.3 improve the overall speed. Now it even shames S6.; Expectation of iOS users are so high. Android users can never understand.; Most android users who use iPhone, have their mind blowup from the speed of iPhones.; iOS 8.3 improve the overall speed. Now it even shames S6.
https://discussions.apple.com/thread/6544308 
 What you want to say on this kunjomon,duel and all those anonymous guys who think iphone doesn't lag like "lagdroids"; What you want to say on this kunjomon,duel and all those anonymous guys who think iphone doesn't lag like "lagdroids"
I suggest space Gray..for it fits to different colours on an iPad Cover in which ur goin to buy later on after buying an iPad.. Gray colour fits in any colour as for me..the same way with colours black and white..; I suggest space Gray..for it fits to different colours on an iPad Cover in which ur goin to buy later on after buying an iPad.. Gray colour fits in any colour as for me..the same way with colours black and white..
Anonymous, 19 Apr 2015Haha wifi there is no wifi everywhere. Totally agrees with you. No wifi everywhere. Plus, i was wondering if apple can change the metal chasis with other material. It kinda prone to scratches. Why not just use a flush design from the front to the back. Or laminate the metal with corning gorilla glass. And i hate cover or casing. Just giving some ideas. No haters.; Totally agrees with you. No wifi everywhere. Plus, i was wondering if apple can change the metal chasis with other material. It kinda prone to scratches. Why not just use a flush design from the front to the back. Or laminate the metal with corning gorilla glass. And i hate cover or casing. Just giving some ideas. No haters.
Anonymous, 19 Apr 2015no. if you want a photo or song just get someone to send it you through wifi bro. bluetooth ... moreHaha wifi there is no wifi everywhere.; Haha wifi there is no wifi everywhere.
Anonymous, 19 Apr 2015Which color is the best? Champagne gold or space grey? I am buying an ipad mini 3 within 15 ... moreAlso I wanted to know if the chamfered edges show scuffing and whether it is more pronounced on the space grey variant or not.
 Kindly revert.
 I know this forum is not appropriate to ask questions on an ipad but hey, apple uses the same processes to make them which they use to make their phones. (thats what I have been told); Also I wanted to know if the chamfered edges show scuffing and whether it is more pronounced on the space grey variant or not.; Kindly revert.; I know this forum is not appropriate to ask questions on an ipad but hey, apple uses the same processes to make them which they use to make their phones. (thats what I have been told)
Which color is the best?
 Champagne gold or space grey?
 I am buying an ipad mini 3 within 15 days and I still dont know which color to buy...
 I am going to use it for watching movies, casual gaming and reading books.
 Please suggest. 
 Also does the white faceplate show discolouration? I have never owned any apple device before so I dont know whether apple resolved the problem or not; Which color is the best?; Champagne gold or space grey?; I am buying an ipad mini 3 within 15 days and I still dont know which color to buy...; I am going to use it for watching movies, casual gaming and reading books.; Please suggest.; Also does the white faceplate show discolouration? I have never owned any apple device before so I dont know whether apple resolved the problem or not
Reaper.s1000rr, 19 Apr 2015The amount of fandroids on an Apple page is hilarious. Anyway, its a very good phone. No la... moreNo lags? Are you sure? Might as well check all these complaints:
 
 https://discussions.apple.com/thread/6544308; No lags? Are you sure? Might as well check all these complaints:
The amount of fandroids on an Apple page is hilarious.
 
 Anyway, its a very good phone. No lag whatsoever unlike Android.; The amount of fandroids on an Apple page is hilarious.; Anyway, its a very good phone. No lag whatsoever unlike Android.
Haters gonna hate us coz they ain't us...:D; Haters gonna hate us coz they ain't us...:D
An amusing email exchange between Phil Schiller and Apple's ad agency back in 2013 regarding how Apple has lost its cool against Samsung. Enjoy! 
 
 http://www.businessinsider.com/phil-schiller-ema­ils-2014-4; An amusing email exchange between Phil Schiller and Apple's ad agency back in 2013 regarding how Apple has lost its cool against Samsung. Enjoy!
Anonymous, 19 Apr 2015Woryh noting that iphone is useless if i am the only one using it in a place where most user a... moreYou can install widgets to notification center, search widgets from appstore there's lot of them. Also powerbanks should be very easy to find for iPhone.; You can install widgets to notification center, search widgets from appstore there's lot of them. Also powerbanks should be very easy to find for iPhone.
I absolutely fell in love with apple when I got my first I phone. It was the iPhone 5. It got stolen so I bought what I thought would be the next best thing for $649. And I will never buy another apple product again. I wish I went with the Samsung Galaxy instead. This phone loses connection to my earpiece daily. I go entire days without receiving phone calls, just voice messages. Every other day, I am in a conversation where the person on the other end can not hear me! Ugh, so frustrating. I've been in contact with my carrier, T Mobile because I thought the phone was defective( I've had it for approx 33 days now) but it would work properly when I needed to decide if I wanted to send it back. So I kept it. My friend has AT&T. He just got an I phone 6 2 months ago and has some of the same problems, but not as often from not receiving phone calls to not being heard while on a call. Lucky for him it was a $100 cost, I still owe $609:( I will never buy another Apple product again. i paid for a 3 year warranty program for my Mac Book Pro which was approx $1409, and need to contact them( free of charge) constantly to fix one thing or another with my laptop. I never had any problems as often or even more then a single incident with an android phone or my windows Walmart Acer laptop. Boo for apples new tech. I will never purchase another Apple product; I absolutely fell in love with apple when I got my first I phone. It was the iPhone 5. It got stolen so I bought what I thought would be the next best thing for $649. And I will never buy another apple product again. I wish I went with the Samsung Galaxy instead. This phone loses connection to my earpiece daily. I go entire days without receiving phone calls, just voice messages. Every other day, I am in a conversation where the person on the other end can not hear me! Ugh, so frustrating. I've been in contact with my carrier, T Mobile because I thought the phone was defective( I've had it for approx 33 days now) but it would work properly when I needed to decide if I wanted to send it back. So I kept it. My friend has AT&T. He just got an I phone 6 2 months ago and has some of the same problems, but not as often from not receiving phone calls to not being heard while on a call. Lucky for him it was a $100 cost, I still owe $609:( I will never buy another Apple product again. i paid for a 3 year warranty program for my Mac Book Pro which was approx $1409, and need to contact them( free of charge) constantly to fix one thing or another with my laptop. I never had any problems as often or even more then a single incident with an android phone or my windows Walmart Acer laptop. Boo for apples new tech. I will never purchase another Apple product
Anonymous, 19 Apr 2015Woryh noting that iphone is useless if i am the only one using it in a place where most user a... moreAgreed. Its that freedom of android that is preventing me to try ios.; Agreed. Its that freedom of android that is preventing me to try ios.
Anonymous, 17 Apr 2015Wish it had silver edge going round it like 4/5 models i love that design.Are you talking about the chamfered edges?
 Its better not to have them
 They are prone to accidental damage and make the device look bad; Are you talking about the chamfered edges?; Its better not to have them; They are prone to accidental damage and make the device look bad
hrdik, 18 Apr 2015Frndzz plzz answer my question... Does it supports Bluetooth... Cn we share any thing to an... moreno. if you want a photo or song just get someone to send it you through wifi bro. bluetooth is not even secure anyways and nowadays bluetooh is use for peripherals, (such as head phones, external keyboards).; no. if you want a photo or song just get someone to send it you through wifi bro. bluetooth is not even secure anyways and nowadays bluetooh is use for peripherals, (such as head phones, external keyboards).
Anonymous, 19 Apr 2015Woryh noting that iphone is useless if i am the only one using it in a place where most user a... moreyou use Bluetooth to send photos? oh gawd, your living in the stone ages. If your reason is truly the reason to go android then go ahead. No one cares.; you use Bluetooth to send photos? oh gawd, your living in the stone ages. If your reason is truly the reason to go android then go ahead. No one cares.
Duel, 16 Apr 2015"i do hate some things about iPhone but overall it is stress free experience." Th... moreWoryh noting that iphone is useless if i am the only one using it in a place where most user are android phone users. I cant connect bluetooth with my friends. I cant share pictures with friends. Ihave to use up my mobile data just to whatsapp pics and video to non iphone users. It kind of frustating for me. My friends cheap android phone can do more than my expensive Iphone. Some apps in apple store need to be paid for use. My friend installed same apps for free in android phone. I also wish it had a removable battery. It so hard to find powerbank for iphone because most powerbank came with standard android phone micro usb cable. The storage is also not big enough for me. Couldnt even expand it with sd card. The ui is kind of boring too with no widget and all. I admit it. I used android too before. I love the weather widget ans smart notification. Regreting changing to iphone. Will change to android again while waiting for note 5.; Woryh noting that iphone is useless if i am the only one using it in a place where most user are android phone users. I cant connect bluetooth with my friends. I cant share pictures with friends. Ihave to use up my mobile data just to whatsapp pics and video to non iphone users. It kind of frustating for me. My friends cheap android phone can do more than my expensive Iphone. Some apps in apple store need to be paid for use. My friend installed same apps for free in android phone. I also wish it had a removable battery. It so hard to find powerbank for iphone because most powerbank came with standard android phone micro usb cable. The storage is also not big enough for me. Couldnt even expand it with sd card. The ui is kind of boring too with no widget and all. I admit it. I used android too before. I love the weather widget ans smart notification. Regreting changing to iphone. Will change to android again while waiting for note 5.
hrdik, 18 Apr 2015Frndzz plzz answer my question... Does it supports Bluetooth... Cn we share any thing to an... moreYes but only connect iphone to iphone. The top reason why many go for android. You cannot connect bluetooth from iphone to other phone that is not iphone. The android phone ecosystem is bigger and easier to use bluetooth. Apple should improved on this matter.; Yes but only connect iphone to iphone. The top reason why many go for android. You cannot connect bluetooth from iphone to other phone that is not iphone. The android phone ecosystem is bigger and easier to use bluetooth. Apple should improved on this matter.
Frndzz plzz answer my question...
 Does it supports Bluetooth...
 Cn we share any thing to any other mobile ...plz answer me; Frndzz plzz answer my question...; Does it supports Bluetooth...; Cn we share any thing to any other mobile ...plz answer me
I have just switch from iphone 4 to iphone 6 
 Can't describe my feelings ,, 
 
 Good job apple; I have just switch from iphone 4 to iphone 6; Can't describe my feelings ,,; Good job apple
Anonymous, 17 Apr 2015Wish it had silver edge going round it like 4/5 models i love that design.Yes i agree with that.; Yes i agree with that.
GMI, 17 Apr 2015why did apple make the sim to be further resized than usual and what is the major difference i... moreBetter design (except for the camera bump), new processor, bigger screen, and supposedly a better camera with the same resolution as the previous model.; Better design (except for the camera bump), new processor, bigger screen, and supposedly a better camera with the same resolution as the previous model.
I dont trust Iphone anymore. The iphone used Lg Prada design, Sony camera, Sharp screen, and Samsung chip.
 Yet they keep claiming originality over everything and sueing other company like crazy.; I dont trust Iphone anymore. The iphone used Lg Prada design, Sony camera, Sharp screen, and Samsung chip.; Yet they keep claiming originality over everything and sueing other company like crazy.
Does anybody have problem with viber calls, I can't answer when the phone is locked; Does anybody have problem with viber calls, I can't answer when the phone is locked
Why apple not giving radio facility...
 Please work on it.. In metro city every one use fm radio in india so please Atleast next series of &#127822; include radio facility; Why apple not giving radio facility...; Please work on it.. In metro city every one use fm radio in india so please Atleast next series of &#127822; include radio facility
found a change in ios 8.3... While using reachability, the top half of screen now shows the phone wallpaper. Earlier, there used to be black screen.; found a change in ios 8.3... While using reachability, the top half of screen now shows the phone wallpaper. Earlier, there used to be black screen.
No sound when whattsapp call comes to the phone.
 Please help.; No sound when whattsapp call comes to the phone.; Please help.
Need one badly; Need one badly
why did apple make the sim to be further resized than usual and what is the major difference in this iphone6 nd the previous?; why did apple make the sim to be further resized than usual and what is the major difference in this iphone6 nd the previous?
Wish it had silver edge going round it like 4/5 models i love that design.; Wish it had silver edge going round it like 4/5 models i love that design.
Anonynous, 16 Apr 2015I was also late to iPhone but it had something to do with iPhones being very late to the game ... moreSame here in UK, first iPhone was on O2 only in 2007 and no other way to buy it and very expensive contract only. Thank goodness now especially for me you can get them second hand and unlocked/sim free.; Same here in UK, first iPhone was on O2 only in 2007 and no other way to buy it and very expensive contract only. Thank goodness now especially for me you can get them second hand and unlocked/sim free.
Duel, 16 Apr 2015"i do hate some things about iPhone but overall it is stress free experience." Th... moreOne of those things is simple to fix and that is by putting music equaliser in music app. Apple are renowned for making things simple as possible but this case they have not and it is odd they do this.
 
 They do make some odd decisions but there will be a reason for it and that could be the very tight security that IOS and OS X provide.
 
 Still the stress free use is MORE than the negatives as you say and why so many use iPhones.; One of those things is simple to fix and that is by putting music equaliser in music app. Apple are renowned for making things simple as possible but this case they have not and it is odd they do this.; They do make some odd decisions but there will be a reason for it and that could be the very tight security that IOS and OS X provide.; Still the stress free use is MORE than the negatives as you say and why so many use iPhones.
I like the phone but so disappointed that the space for apps is already limited because of the number of apps in the phone that I don't want, won't use and can't delete; I like the phone but so disappointed that the space for apps is already limited because of the number of apps in the phone that I don't want, won't use and can't delete
Shan2405, 16 Apr 2015I am using an iphone 6 16 gb which got crashed some days back and i got a replacment. I was sh... moreApple did not cheat you sir. The thing is that the software itself takes space around 4 or 5 GB , then you would have the rest for personal use.; Apple did not cheat you sir. The thing is that the software itself takes space around 4 or 5 GB , then you would have the rest for personal use.
Shan2405, 16 Apr 2015I am using an iphone 6 16 gb which got crashed some days back and i got a replacment. I was sh... moreHaha.. In your eyes no mobile companies or even PC are not cheating.
 
 Go see a actual 500GB Laptop.. see if you get 500GB use space.
 Go see Samsung S4, 16GB.. See if you have 16GB use space.
 Go buy a 3.5 inch 1TB harddisk.. See if you have 1TB use space.
 
 Its just how vendors like to group storage in the factors of 1000. But in fact, computer compute it in the factors of 1024.; Haha.. In your eyes no mobile companies or even PC are not cheating.; Go see a actual 500GB Laptop.. see if you get 500GB use space.; Go see Samsung S4, 16GB.. See if you have 16GB use space.; Go buy a 3.5 inch 1TB harddisk.. See if you have 1TB use space.; Its just how vendors like to group storage in the factors of 1000. But in fact, computer compute it in the factors of 1024.
I am using an iphone 6 16 gb which got crashed some days back and i got a replacment. I was shocked to see that instead of 16gb replaced iphone is having only 11gb. Never expected cheating from company like Apple.; I am using an iphone 6 16 gb which got crashed some days back and i got a replacment. I was shocked to see that instead of 16gb replaced iphone is having only 11gb. Never expected cheating from company like Apple.
Brynn, 16 Apr 2015Yes must go and watch that video from 2007 ,,I was late to Apple products due to hate of Apple... moreI was also late to iPhone but it had something to do with iPhones being very late to the game in offering unlocked devices, i could not buy an iPhone even if i wanted to, for me any simlocked or region locked phone is useless. Even long after carriers here stopped locking their phones iPhones were still sold only with sim lock as the only brand doing so. Thankfully that is history now and things have turned 180 degrees, Samsung is now the locked down brand, the region lock makes them worthless, Samsung is currently the only brand with unacceptable limitations.; I was also late to iPhone but it had something to do with iPhones being very late to the game in offering unlocked devices, i could not buy an iPhone even if i wanted to, for me any simlocked or region locked phone is useless. Even long after carriers here stopped locking their phones iPhones were still sold only with sim lock as the only brand doing so. Thankfully that is history now and things have turned 180 degrees, Samsung is now the locked down brand, the region lock makes them worthless, Samsung is currently the only brand with unacceptable limitations.
Brynn, 16 Apr 2015Yes must go and watch that video from 2007 ,,I was late to Apple products due to hate of Apple... more"i do hate some things about iPhone but overall it is stress free experience."
 
 This is exact reason why Apple devices are so popular, you always here those haters saying this and this is bad with iPhone by listin single features or specs etc.
 
 But they doesnt understand that the overall experience is still very positive which you only can know if you own the device, of course it's still not for everyone like nothing in this world, but clearly it offers the overall experience what most high end phone users wants.
 
 Pros easily beats cons and you don't even mostly think those cons because the device overall works so well.; "i do hate some things about iPhone but overall it is stress free experience."; This is exact reason why Apple devices are so popular, you always here those haters saying this and this is bad with iPhone by listin single features or specs etc.; But they doesnt understand that the overall experience is still very positive which you only can know if you own the device, of course it's still not for everyone like nothing in this world, but clearly it offers the overall experience what most high end phone users wants.; Pros easily beats cons and you don't even mostly think those cons because the device overall works so well.
Duel, 13 Apr 2015Great video! Well if you look first iPhone keynote and look what CPU it had and look how sm... moreYes must go and watch that video from 2007 ,,I was late to Apple products due to hate of Apple so I must catch up on the keynotes.
 
 I could not go on hating till i tried one. First iPhone was iPhone 4 in August 2011 and new then it felt special. It is hard to say why i say it is special but i do hate some things about iPhone but overall it is stress free experience. Also apps are more polished on IOS. 
 
 May go for the 6 next payday second hand,,still expensive second hand for 64GB model.; Yes must go and watch that video from 2007 ,,I was late to Apple products due to hate of Apple so I must catch up on the keynotes.; I could not go on hating till i tried one. First iPhone was iPhone 4 in August 2011 and new then it felt special. It is hard to say why i say it is special but i do hate some things about iPhone but overall it is stress free experience. Also apps are more polished on IOS.; May go for the 6 next payday second hand,,still expensive second hand for 64GB model.
Duel, 15 Apr 2015Pear and Peach are same person that's 100% fact, don't know about those others. Pear also h... moreWow he deffy don't have a life then, it's probably a very sad story about a difficult social situation. But still, he could stay in ad-droid phone discussion, why he come here? Me I never read comments on S6 and M9 or G3, and why should I? I can't imagine any reason to do so, that would be absurd.; Wow he deffy don't have a life then, it's probably a very sad story about a difficult social situation. But still, he could stay in ad-droid phone discussion, why he come here? Me I never read comments on S6 and M9 or G3, and why should I? I can't imagine any reason to do so, that would be absurd.
Anonymous, 15 Apr 2015Are you clone of another apple hater called Pear? Got iMac, LG lover. Have a bad feeling... morePear and Peach are same person that's 100% fact, don't know about those others.
 
 Pear also had two other alter egos, he even commented his own comment with alter ego by saying how great the comment was :D and i got him and he started to inventing story about how he uses public computer so that could be anyone using that same computer... :D what a joke
 
 But all of them have something common, they all are unheatlhy obsessed about iPhone; Pear and Peach are same person that's 100% fact, don't know about those others.; Pear also had two other alter egos, he even commented his own comment with alter ego by saying how great the comment was :D and i got him and he started to inventing story about how he uses public computer so that could be anyone using that same computer... :D what a joke; But all of them have something common, they all are unheatlhy obsessed about iPhone
spun, 15 Apr 2015It was very difficult to follow what you wrote...i don't want an iphone...i know they are a bi... moreAre you clone of another apple hater called Pear?
 
 Got iMac, LG lover.
 
 Have a bad feeling that Pancake, Pear, Spun, Peach... all are related, and maybe friends of each other... test iPhone when working in phone shop but never use one for daily driver. 
 
 But enough of guessing. It will do none of us any good. Changing names and nicks will do nothing to change the fact that iPhone is still one of the best mobile phone product to get.; Are you clone of another apple hater called Pear?; Got iMac, LG lover.; Have a bad feeling that Pancake, Pear, Spun, Peach... all are related, and maybe friends of each other... test iPhone when working in phone shop but never use one for daily driver.; But enough of guessing. It will do none of us any good. Changing names and nicks will do nothing to change the fact that iPhone is still one of the best mobile phone product to get.
spun, 15 Apr 2015It was very difficult to follow what you wrote...i don't want an iphone...i know they are a bi... moreYou don't want something you spend so much time on? Then surely you have no life, how pathetic. Sad story but I can't say I'm sorry for you.; You don't want something you spend so much time on? Then surely you have no life, how pathetic. Sad story but I can't say I'm sorry for you.
spun, 15 Apr 2015It was very difficult to follow what you wrote...i don't want an iphone...i know they are a bi... more"i don't want an iphone..." and yet you are here... :D
 
 You guys are so obsessed with Apple that it's hard to know what to think about it, definately it's very weird.; "i don't want an iphone..." and yet you are here... :D; You guys are so obsessed with Apple that it's hard to know what to think about it, definately it's very weird.
it's a very nice phone my father is taking this phone that's it; it's a very nice phone my father is taking this phone that's it
France, 15 Apr 2015No one is here to convince you to buy any phone. you just don't have life to dispute with anyo... moreIt was very difficult to follow what you wrote...i don't want an iphone...i know they are a bit cheaper, but i prefer to spend a little more and get myself a better phone...but there's nothing wrong if you can't afford that, iphones do some of the job too...; It was very difficult to follow what you wrote...i don't want an iphone...i know they are a bit cheaper, but i prefer to spend a little more and get myself a better phone...but there's nothing wrong if you can't afford that, iphones do some of the job too...
Anonymous, 15 Apr 2015The never ending comments from fictional iPhone users, keep up the good work you clowns.Yeah but today the anti-Apple comments crossed a new barrier, it's unreal that someone with Xperia Z1 can come and try to intimidate us with spec numbers, after all Z1 has the worst cam and worst battery of a flagship ever but those people read themselves blind on specs and disregards reality.; Yeah but today the anti-Apple comments crossed a new barrier, it's unreal that someone with Xperia Z1 can come and try to intimidate us with spec numbers, after all Z1 has the worst cam and worst battery of a flagship ever but those people read themselves blind on specs and disregards reality.
billy, 15 Apr 2015Apple ba3 Life is something to laugh upon, 1810 mah Li-po? 1GB Ram? When Androids were on 3500... moreAre you trying to say Z1 has better camera than iPhone 6 because it has more mpx? :D
 
 Z1 camera doesnt even beat 2013 year iPhone 5S.; Are you trying to say Z1 has better camera than iPhone 6 because it has more mpx? :D; Z1 camera doesnt even beat 2013 year iPhone 5S.
billy, 15 Apr 2015Apple ba3 Life is something to laugh upon, 1810 mah Li-po? 1GB Ram? When Androids were on 3500... moreLol, Xperia z1, 20mpix but takes terrible photos. Battery? Z1 is the worst, 3 to 4 hours screen on time. Numbers mean nothing and z1 is the best proof ever. Sure there are phones with better cam and battery than iPhones but z1 is absolutely not one of them. 
 
 My iPhone 5s has twice the real life battery endurance of my Xperia Z and Xperia Z has better endurance than Z1. Join us in reality man, i6 owners have far better cam than your Z1 and more than 2x battery endurance.; Lol, Xperia z1, 20mpix but takes terrible photos. Battery? Z1 is the worst, 3 to 4 hours screen on time. Numbers mean nothing and z1 is the best proof ever. Sure there are phones with better cam and battery than iPhones but z1 is absolutely not one of them.; My iPhone 5s has twice the real life battery endurance of my Xperia Z and Xperia Z has better endurance than Z1. Join us in reality man, i6 owners have far better cam than your Z1 and more than 2x battery endurance.
Anonymous, 15 Apr 2015Iphone 6 is the best phone, no argumentsWell critics, industry professionals and logic seem to not agree with that statement. 
 
 iphone 6 is sometimes regarded worthy of a top10 smartphones right now. Never at the top though.; Well critics, industry professionals and logic seem to not agree with that statement.; iphone 6 is sometimes regarded worthy of a top10 smartphones right now. Never at the top though.
Iphone 6 is the best phone, no arguments; Iphone 6 is the best phone, no arguments
Kunjumon, 13 Apr 2015Xender is cross platform file sharing app. I received files from android and windows phone wi... moreYeah but without any third party application.; Yeah but without any third party application.
spun, 15 Apr 2015And did you just send me a link off the Apple website to prove the quality of their photoshope... moreNo one is here to convince you to buy any phone. you just don't have life to dispute with anyone here. After you won arguments So what. Apple doesn't work so hard to sell iPhone everybody wants iPhone including you. The thing is, people can afford iPhone including its maintenance and you fall in that category. I'm iPhone 6 128GB since from launch. May I remind you iPhone 6 became best phone in 2014.; No one is here to convince you to buy any phone. you just don't have life to dispute with anyone here. After you won arguments So what. Apple doesn't work so hard to sell iPhone everybody wants iPhone including you. The thing is, people can afford iPhone including its maintenance and you fall in that category. I'm iPhone 6 128GB since from launch. May I remind you iPhone 6 became best phone in 2014.
The never ending comments from fictional iPhone users, keep up the good work you clowns.; The never ending comments from fictional iPhone users, keep up the good work you clowns.
ASWM Phone i ever operate :D; ASWM Phone i ever operate :D
Anonymous, 14 Apr 2015Apple has been throwing dust into eyes of people but slowly people are ggetting it. So this is... moreApple ba3 Life is something to laugh upon, 1810 mah Li-po? 1GB Ram? When Androids were on 3500 mah, & 3-4GB Rams, pixel 8MP when my Z1 is on 20.MP....GoodLuck buying cheap articles with larger amount, I have few pix to share via BLUETOOTH to friends here.; Apple ba3 Life is something to laugh upon, 1810 mah Li-po? 1GB Ram? When Androids were on 3500 mah, & 3-4GB Rams, pixel 8MP when my Z1 is on 20.MP....GoodLuck buying cheap articles with larger amount, I have few pix to share via BLUETOOTH to friends here.
Lie more, 14 Apr 2015I doubt that you have an Apple product...nobody called Apple computer...that's an iMac...that'... moreI have an imac dude...i use it right now...i bought it mainly for garage band back in 2008 and now i intend to buy the 5k retina display...
 
 The reason i called it an Apple computer was the context. I said LG phone, Lenovo tablet, Apple computer!!! Get it? I was mentioning the brand followed by the English word for the specific device...
 
 And i like my iMac...but i will never buy an iphone. Unless they make them open to customization and offer something better than other phones. So far, I can name about 8 smartphones that I think are easily better than the iphone in absolutely every department...; I have an imac dude...i use it right now...i bought it mainly for garage band back in 2008 and now i intend to buy the 5k retina display...; The reason i called it an Apple computer was the context. I said LG phone, Lenovo tablet, Apple computer!!! Get it? I was mentioning the brand followed by the English word for the specific device...; And i like my iMac...but i will never buy an iphone. Unless they make them open to customization and offer something better than other phones. So far, I can name about 8 smartphones that I think are easily better than the iphone in absolutely every department...
spun, 15 Apr 2015And did you just send me a link off the Apple website to prove the quality of their photoshope... moreYep he did. He's an iphone user, what do you expect? Let him stick to iphones, quality and innovation is obviously of no concern to him...; Yep he did. He's an iphone user, what do you expect? Let him stick to iphones, quality and innovation is obviously of no concern to him...
Duel, 14 Apr 2015He's buying edge? Didn't you just said he likes long battery life? :D it has one of the worst ... moreAnd did you just send me a link off the Apple website to prove the quality of their photoshoped pictures?
 
 You really have to try to harder than that...; And did you just send me a link off the Apple website to prove the quality of their photoshoped pictures?; You really have to try to harder than that...
spun, 14 Apr 2015I have a friend who is exactly the same :) In the opposite way tho...he has been with iphon... moreWell megapixels are important to him, because he likes to zoom in on pictures and actually see stuff...
 
 Also, not sure where you get your information on...i did a quick search and pretty much everything i read shows me that the battery on the edge is better than the one on the iphone 6...
 
 Even this website you are one has endurance tests. Check them out. It's lovely you are acting on behalf of apple (i can only imagine you do it for free), but some of us like the facts and prefer to trust industry professionals. 
 
 Unfortunately none of them place the iphone 6 over the s6 in any department. No matter how you look at it. Processor (on paper or benchmarked), camera, battery life, durability, etc. On top of that you get that wonderful world of customization and freedom you can only get with a high end Android phone. 
 
 So until Apple brings something worth looking at, I, and most of my friends, will stick to more expensive Androids. It is worth for the extra buck...
 
 But hey, keep on trying :); Well megapixels are important to him, because he likes to zoom in on pictures and actually see stuff...; Also, not sure where you get your information on...i did a quick search and pretty much everything i read shows me that the battery on the edge is better than the one on the iphone 6...; Even this website you are one has endurance tests. Check them out. It's lovely you are acting on behalf of apple (i can only imagine you do it for free), but some of us like the facts and prefer to trust industry professionals.; Unfortunately none of them place the iphone 6 over the s6 in any department. No matter how you look at it. Processor (on paper or benchmarked), camera, battery life, durability, etc. On top of that you get that wonderful world of customization and freedom you can only get with a high end Android phone.; So until Apple brings something worth looking at, I, and most of my friends, will stick to more expensive Androids. It is worth for the extra buck...; But hey, keep on trying :)
Anonymous, 13 Apr 2015everybodyknows that the s6 is the best phone up to now and this its not goin to change the s6 ... moreBut periods are missing from your Samsung, or is it that hard to type on? Here's some iPhone periods for you, use them to refill your Sammy.
 .........................
 .........................; But periods are missing from your Samsung, or is it that hard to type on? Here's some iPhone periods for you, use them to refill your Sammy.; .........................; .........................
spun, 14 Apr 2015I have a friend who is exactly the same :) In the opposite way tho...he has been with iphon... moreHe's buying edge? Didn't you just said he likes long battery life? :D it has one of the worst battery life in flagship phones, with heavy use you cant get a day.
 
 By the way you take great photos with iPhone http://www.apple.com/iphone/world-gallery/ 
 
 Shouldn't blame the camera if can't know how to take photos and by the way htc M8 is known for horrible camera, so i have no idea what you are talking about :)
 
 And also iPhone 5 is two and a half year old model, thats just stupid to compare it to HTC M8; He's buying edge? Didn't you just said he likes long battery life? :D it has one of the worst battery life in flagship phones, with heavy use you cant get a day.; By the way you take great photos with iPhone; Shouldn't blame the camera if can't know how to take photos and by the way htc M8 is known for horrible camera, so i have no idea what you are talking about :); And also iPhone 5 is two and a half year old model, thats just stupid to compare it to HTC M8
Anonymous, 14 Apr 2015I was an Android girl from the very beginning. My boyfriend however thought that getting an i... moreI have a friend who is exactly the same :)
 
 In the opposite way tho...he has been with iphone all his life...3gs, 4s, 5, and then eventually switched to an htc m8 and now he'll go for the edge. He is bewildered by how much better Android is and how he can customize everything and take actually good pictures and have a battery that lasts him throughout the day (he is a heavy user)....; I have a friend who is exactly the same :); In the opposite way tho...he has been with iphone all his life...3gs, 4s, 5, and then eventually switched to an htc m8 and now he'll go for the edge. He is bewildered by how much better Android is and how he can customize everything and take actually good pictures and have a battery that lasts him throughout the day (he is a heavy user)....
I was an Android girl from the very beginning. My boyfriend however thought that getting an iPhone 5 would fit with his whole idea of being an older more sophisticated version of himself. Not to waste your time too much I will just say that I found it atrocious to work with. I upgraded my cellphone contract at the beginning of last month and he convinced me to get an iPhone 6. I took it thinking that if I didn't like it I could just make a present of it to him and when it was time for him to upgrade get him to take one that I liked. The point is, I have been using the iPhone 6 for a month and a half now and it is absolutely AMAZING!! I just cannot imagine my life without it.; I was an Android girl from the very beginning. My boyfriend however thought that getting an iPhone 5 would fit with his whole idea of being an older more sophisticated version of himself. Not to waste your time too much I will just say that I found it atrocious to work with. I upgraded my cellphone contract at the beginning of last month and he convinced me to get an iPhone 6. I took it thinking that if I didn't like it I could just make a present of it to him and when it was time for him to upgrade get him to take one that I liked. The point is, I have been using the iPhone 6 for a month and a half now and it is absolutely AMAZING!! I just cannot imagine my life without it.
Anonymous, 14 Apr 2015Apple has been throwing dust into eyes of people but slowly people are ggetting it. So this is... moreIt's actually very opposite than what you said, more and more people noticing how great iPhone is.
 
 Also iPhone sales are going to be very strong next year too. There's still few hundreds of millions iPhone users who haven't upgraded to iPhone 6 and then add all the android swtichers too. So next year model going to sell very strongly too, just like every year and same going to happen evey year so, you just need to accept that, even when you dont like that fact.
 
 By the way phone makers doesn't run the show anymore, look where nokia is :) Phones are now little computers and that's why Apple is so good because they know that area.; It's actually very opposite than what you said, more and more people noticing how great iPhone is.; Also iPhone sales are going to be very strong next year too. There's still few hundreds of millions iPhone users who haven't upgraded to iPhone 6 and then add all the android swtichers too. So next year model going to sell very strongly too, just like every year and same going to happen evey year so, you just need to accept that, even when you dont like that fact.; By the way phone makers doesn't run the show anymore, look where nokia is :) Phones are now little computers and that's why Apple is so good because they know that area.
Apple has been throwing dust into eyes of people but slowly people are ggetting it. So this is the last year of apple to grow .This is like when ants come to near death they start fly. Actually slowly people getting that Apple is not phone maker but just assembler of cheap parts and sales so in high price. That's why apple has no future.; Apple has been throwing dust into eyes of people but slowly people are ggetting it. So this is the last year of apple to grow .This is like when ants come to near death they start fly. Actually slowly people getting that Apple is not phone maker but just assembler of cheap parts and sales so in high price. That's why apple has no future.
spun, 13 Apr 2015what are you talking about? There's plenty of better products out there. And guess what? Mo... moreMore products out there, yes. Freedom of choice, yes.
 
 Better products out there?? None.
 
 Thats why you see the sales figures. Most made their decision to get Apple products.; More products out there, yes. Freedom of choice, yes.; Better products out there?? None.; Thats why you see the sales figures. Most made their decision to get Apple products.
Anonymous, 13 Apr 2015Now the interest turn towards macbook and apple watch. Only Apple offers complete technolog... moreDo not forget about the new 13-inch Macbook Pro!
 
 Its 28watt cpu performance blow all windows ultrabooks performance out of the water! Its iris 6100 graphics is on par with a dedicated graphics of the retina macbook 15 inch in 2012. And it have 10 hrs battery life! And yes.. its also a dual core system - (Hey droid fanboys, jealous that a dual core beat all your octa cores phone?). It laugh in the face of chromebooks, at the same time run circles around it.; Do not forget about the new 13-inch Macbook Pro!; Its 28watt cpu performance blow all windows ultrabooks performance out of the water! Its iris 6100 graphics is on par with a dedicated graphics of the retina macbook 15 inch in 2012. And it have 10 hrs battery life! And yes.. its also a dual core system - (Hey droid fanboys, jealous that a dual core beat all your octa cores phone?). It laugh in the face of chromebooks, at the same time run circles around it.
spun, 13 Apr 2015what are you talking about? There's plenty of better products out there. And guess what? Mo... moreI doubt that you have an Apple product...nobody called Apple computer...that's an iMac...that's what everybody call it....hahahs; I doubt that you have an Apple product...nobody called Apple computer...that's an iMac...that's what everybody call it....hahahs
Brynn, 12 Apr 2015Using 4s at moment due to size and industrial design and will have to wait till iPhone 7 till ... moreYou're right iPhone 6 doesn't look like the real iPhone we know. I'll keep my iPhone 4s and iPhone 5s; You're right iPhone 6 doesn't look like the real iPhone we know. I'll keep my iPhone 4s and iPhone 5s
everybodyknows that the s6 is the best phone up to now and this its not goin to change the s6 will destroy every other phone until the not 5 samsung its best right now and dont complain about unremovable battery or sd card there is a reason why it was removed and its not because they were copying apple since we knoe htc lack those feature and no body was saying they copy apple ifans realize that apple its no the center of the world there are beter devices out there; everybodyknows that the s6 is the best phone up to now and this its not goin to change the s6 will destroy every other phone until the not 5 samsung its best right now and dont complain about unremovable battery or sd card there is a reason why it was removed and its not because they were copying apple since we knoe htc lack those feature and no body was saying they copy apple ifans realize that apple its no the center of the world there are beter devices out there
Anonymous, 13 Apr 2015Now the interest turn towards macbook and apple watch. Only Apple offers complete technolog... morewhat are you talking about?
 
 There's plenty of better products out there. And guess what? Most people like the freedom of not being owned by one company.
 
 I have an LG phone, an LG tv, a Sony smartwatch, a Lenovo tablet and an Apple computer...
 
 Trust me, it's lovely to have choice...in fact many people value that in democratic societies...; what are you talking about?; There's plenty of better products out there. And guess what? Most people like the freedom of not being owned by one company.; I have an LG phone, an LG tv, a Sony smartwatch, a Lenovo tablet and an Apple computer...; Trust me, it's lovely to have choice...in fact many people value that in democratic societies...
cHu, 13 Apr 2015i love everything in the iphone 6 but only thing they should increase is the front camera mega... moreDon't worry iPhone 6 front cam is far better than most of the high end phones I own so many trust me iPhone has the best; Don't worry iPhone 6 front cam is far better than most of the high end phones I own so many trust me iPhone has the best
RODJ, 13 Apr 2015Hello. I'm iphone 6 plus user. And the xender app you refer is good for iOS devices only. It's... morehttp://m.youtube.com/watch?v=6WpJEJqSrOg
RODJ, 13 Apr 2015Hello. I'm iphone 6 plus user. And the xender app you refer is good for iOS devices only. It's... moreXender is cross platform file sharing app. I received files from android and windows phone with the help of xender.; Xender is cross platform file sharing app. I received files from android and windows phone with the help of xender.
Now the interest turn towards macbook and apple watch.
 
 Only Apple offers complete technology package (Hardware + Software + Mobile).
 
 Haters scream the uselessness of Apple Watch, and the Macbook.. but the sales are over the roof. 
 
 It seems they critic Apple products, but they can never find another product that is better.; Now the interest turn towards macbook and apple watch.; Only Apple offers complete technology package (Hardware + Software + Mobile).; Haters scream the uselessness of Apple Watch, and the Macbook.. but the sales are over the roof.; It seems they critic Apple products, but they can never find another product that is better.
evrythng is super with it they must just add Radio.; evrythng is super with it they must just add Radio.
Anonymous, 13 Apr 2015Apple has been throwing dust into eyes of people but slowly people are ggetting it. So this is... moreIt's actually very opposite than what you said, more and more people noticing how great iPhone is.
 
 Also iPhone sales are going to be very strong next year too. There's still few hundreds of millions iPhone users who haven't upgraded to iPhone 6 and then add all the android swtichers too. So next year model going to sell very strongly too, just like every year and same going to happen evey year so, you just need to accept that, even when you dont like that fact.
 
 By the way phone makers doesn't run the show anymore, look where nokia is :) Phones are now little computers and that's why Apple is so good because they know that area.; It's actually very opposite than what you said, more and more people noticing how great iPhone is.; Also iPhone sales are going to be very strong next year too. There's still few hundreds of millions iPhone users who haven't upgraded to iPhone 6 and then add all the android swtichers too. So next year model going to sell very strongly too, just like every year and same going to happen evey year so, you just need to accept that, even when you dont like that fact.; By the way phone makers doesn't run the show anymore, look where nokia is :) Phones are now little computers and that's why Apple is so good because they know that area.
cHu, 13 Apr 2015i love everything in the iphone 6 but only thing they should increase is the front camera mega... moreI wanted iphone 6 but I am buying iphone 5s! The battery is said about 1560mAh. Is it enough for my daily use I play clash of clans for about 3 hours a day and facebook for about 2-3 hours. I that battery life enough for me?; I wanted iphone 6 but I am buying iphone 5s! The battery is said about 1560mAh. Is it enough for my daily use I play clash of clans for about 3 hours a day and facebook for about 2-3 hours. I that battery life enough for me?
Go to buy new phone,which is better I phone 6 or htc m8; Go to buy new phone,which is better I phone 6 or htc m8
i love everything in the iphone 6 but only thing they should increase is the front camera megapixel....very important; i love everything in the iphone 6 but only thing they should increase is the front camera megapixel....very important
Kunjumon, 11 Apr 2015File sharing is now easy with xender 'app.Hello. I'm iphone 6 plus user. And the xender app you refer is good for iOS devices only. It's lot good to transfer files to a different phone like android and window phones. Anyway thank you for your time.; Hello. I'm iphone 6 plus user. And the xender app you refer is good for iOS devices only. It's lot good to transfer files to a different phone like android and window phones. Anyway thank you for your time.
i need; i need
Apple has been throwing dust into eyes of people but slowly people are ggetting it. So this is the last year of apple to grow .This is like when ants come to near death they start fly. Actually slowly people getting that Apple is not phone maker but just assembler of cheap parts and sales so in high price. That's why apple has no future.; Apple has been throwing dust into eyes of people but slowly people are ggetting it. So this is the last year of apple to grow .This is like when ants come to near death they start fly. Actually slowly people getting that Apple is not phone maker but just assembler of cheap parts and sales so in high price. That's why apple has no future.
Brynn, 12 Apr 2015Been watching old Apple keynotes getting info on why Apple products run fast and fluent on lit... moreGreat video!
 
 Well if you look first iPhone keynote and look what CPU it had and look how smooth it already worked, it was like 4-5 years ahead of those android devices in smoothnes. 
 
 And still Apple have had fastest phone out there every year; Great video!; Well if you look first iPhone keynote and look what CPU it had and look how smooth it already worked, it was like 4-5 years ahead of those android devices in smoothnes.; And still Apple have had fastest phone out there every year
Using 4s at moment due to size and industrial design and will have to wait till iPhone 7 till new design. Must try another 6 and try to like it ,it's the silly aerial design and slippy shape it just not feel like an iPhone should. IMO.; Using 4s at moment due to size and industrial design and will have to wait till iPhone 7 till new design. Must try another 6 and try to like it ,it's the silly aerial design and slippy shape it just not feel like an iPhone should. IMO.
Been watching old Apple keynotes getting info on why Apple products run fast and fluent on little software. This link is from when Steve Jobs and Phil Schiller are using 500MHz G4 V Pentium3, 1GHz chip . Even back then Apple winning on half the GHz but must be down to super slick coding or if anyone has an answer.
 
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h6ciBW2AfMk&­spfreload=10&ab_channel=XDADevelopers(CZ+SK)­­; Been watching old Apple keynotes getting info on why Apple products run fast and fluent on little software. This link is from when Steve Jobs and Phil Schiller are using 500MHz G4 V Pentium3, 1GHz chip . Even back then Apple winning on half the GHz but must be down to super slick coding or if anyone has an answer.; ­
rejaz, 12 Apr 2015No, you can't do this on iPhone. Don't spread lies ,you non Apple user.; Don't spread lies ,you non Apple user.
IPhone 6 now at place three in mobile trending list, passed galaxy s6 edge.
 
 Quite interesting to see iPhone 6 lately getting so much interest in this site; IPhone 6 now at place three in mobile trending list, passed galaxy s6 edge.; Quite interesting to see iPhone 6 lately getting so much interest in this site
awi11, 12 Apr 2015Im an android user. I love downloading movies to my phone,but so far I still dont know where I... moreNo, you can't do this on iPhone.; No, you can't do this on iPhone.
awi11, 12 Apr 2015Im an android user. I love downloading movies to my phone,but so far I still dont know where I... moreProtuber app is a good YouTube video downloader app.also u can use diffrend types of browsers like Mercury browser ,private browser, etc. Firstly create a Apple AppStore account ,there is lots of good quality apps in AppStore .; Protuber app is a good YouTube video downloader app.also u can use diffrend types of browsers like Mercury browser ,private browser, etc. Firstly create a Apple AppStore account ,there is lots of good quality apps in AppStore .
Pear, 11 Apr 2015Oh, forgot to say, overall quality, you should probably look at the S6. Benchmarks, durability... moreGalaxy S6 gaming performance is very bad, http://youtu.be/WJ_k0KnmCxU 
 
 so if this guy like mobile gaming iPhone is still only choice.
 
 Iv seen many gaming videos with S6 and almost all the graphical intense games have problems with fps.
 
 Funny you buy most expensive, most powerful android device and yet year or half year old games lag like that. There's something seriously wrong with android optimization or the hardware just isn't there even when the device on "paper" looks very good; Galaxy S6 gaming performance is very bad,; so if this guy like mobile gaming iPhone is still only choice.; Iv seen many gaming videos with S6 and almost all the graphical intense games have problems with fps.; Funny you buy most expensive, most powerful android device and yet year or half year old games lag like that. There's something seriously wrong with android optimization or the hardware just isn't there even when the device on "paper" looks very good
Im an android user. I love downloading movies to my phone,but so far I still dont know where I can download free movies for iphone, and also I dont know which sites I can get those free movies for iphone. Please help me and I will be an iphone user very soon. Thanks; Im an android user. I love downloading movies to my phone,but so far I still dont know where I can download free movies for iphone, and also I dont know which sites I can get those free movies for iphone. Please help me and I will be an iphone user very soon. Thanks
Pluto, 09 Apr 2015I guess Apple is good :) samsung and sony phones will never sell more than apple. Hopefully my... moreActually you don't have experience about mobile may be you are illiterate.; Actually you don't have experience about mobile may be you are illiterate.
Shimul, 10 Apr 2015Hello Guys, I'm about to buy a phone, but I'm confused about iPhone 6 / Note 4 / Nexus 6 /... moreOh, forgot to say, overall quality, you should probably look at the S6. Benchmarks, durability, speed, camera, etc...that will most likely knock everything else out of the water...; Oh, forgot to say, overall quality, you should probably look at the S6. Benchmarks, durability, speed, camera, etc...that will most likely knock everything else out of the water...
Shimul, 10 Apr 2015Hello Guys, I'm about to buy a phone, but I'm confused about iPhone 6 / Note 4 / Nexus 6 /... moreiphone 6 or iphone 6 plus; iphone 6 or iphone 6 plus
RODJ, 11 Apr 2015Hello. Choose iphone 6. It's way better than android devices. I'm currently had iphone 6 plus ... moreFile sharing is now easy with xender 'app.; File sharing is now easy with xender 'app.
Shimul, 10 Apr 2015Hello Guys, I'm about to buy a phone, but I'm confused about iPhone 6 / Note 4 / Nexus 6 /... moreWell, it all comes down to your OS preferences. All 4 of them are great phones. If you're fond of the iOS, or you just would like to try it, getting the iPhone 6 won't hurt. 
 
 p/s: If you're getting the iPhone, don't get the 16GB variant. You will have to delete some apps every now and then due to the very small storage.; Well, it all comes down to your OS preferences. All 4 of them are great phones. If you're fond of the iOS, or you just would like to try it, getting the iPhone 6 won't hurt.; p/s: If you're getting the iPhone, don't get the 16GB variant. You will have to delete some apps every now and then due to the very small storage.
Shimul, 10 Apr 2015Hello Guys, I'm about to buy a phone, but I'm confused about iPhone 6 / Note 4 / Nexus 6 /... morego for lg g pro 2 if you want smart phone+featured phone.Really u will be more happy.; go for lg g pro 2 if you want smart phone+featured phone.Really u will be more happy.
I just bought my new Iphone 6, so I was wondering if there are any rules on how to charge it for the first time? Or 2nd and 3rd? Haha; I just bought my new Iphone 6, so I was wondering if there are any rules on how to charge it for the first time? Or 2nd and 3rd? Haha
Hello. Choose iphone 6. It's way better than android devices. I'm currently had iphone 6 plus white. And it's way better and awesome. Yes it's pricy because of name Apple. But for the function quality and stability it's still a better choices. But to let you know that iPhone is iPhone. There might be some negative side just like you can't transfer files to another devices unless it's iphone or iPad too. On the other side I assure to you that you may expect better performance on iPhone devices ok :) enjoy and bye now; Hello. Choose iphone 6. It's way better than android devices. I'm currently had iphone 6 plus white. And it's way better and awesome. Yes it's pricy because of name Apple. But for the function quality and stability it's still a better choices. But to let you know that iPhone is iPhone. There might be some negative side just like you can't transfer files to another devices unless it's iphone or iPad too. On the other side I assure to you that you may expect better performance on iPhone devices ok :) enjoy and bye now
Hello Guys, 
 
 I'm about to buy a phone, but I'm confused about iPhone 6 / Note 4 / Nexus 6 / Galaxy S6.
 
 Would you please help me out from here.
 
 Thanks in advance !; Hello Guys,; I'm about to buy a phone, but I'm confused about iPhone 6 / Note 4 / Nexus 6 / Galaxy S6.; Would you please help me out from here.; Thanks in advance !
Pluto, 09 Apr 2015I guess Apple is good :) samsung and sony phones will never sell more than apple. Hopefully my... moreSamsung is already selling better than apple.; Samsung is already selling better than apple.
dream iphone someday; dream iphone someday
Anonymous, 09 Apr 2015Here is the difference between Android and iPhone when you try it in stores. 1. Android whe... moreUr absolutely rigth...i hav android fons (samsung) for years and wt i get is incovinience..i hav s3, it's a gud starter and gud features but after a year...uuuggghhh turn out to a mess..battery drains fast and seriously lagging esp when using camera..but my friends iphone 4s is still functions well and no battery issues and no lags at all; Ur absolutely rigth...i hav android fons (samsung) for years and wt i get is incovinience..i hav s3, it's a gud starter and gud features but after a year...uuuggghhh turn out to a mess..battery drains fast and seriously lagging esp when using camera..but my friends iphone 4s is still functions well and no battery issues and no lags at all
I guess Apple is good :) samsung and sony phones will never sell more than apple. Hopefully my first job will be at Apple.; I guess Apple is good :) samsung and sony phones will never sell more than apple. Hopefully my first job will be at Apple.
Here is the difference between Android and iPhone when you try it in stores.
 
 1. Android when you buy it, it can only get worse as days past. lag, malware, no updates,will add up and you have to wipe constantly.
 2. iPhone can only get better as days past. New OS updates, first citizen app updates, first class support for more then 2 years.
 
 Look! people are still rocking with iPhone 4S with iOS8.3. But did you see anyone bragging of their S3? NOPE.; Here is the difference between Android and iPhone when you try it in stores.; 1. Android when you buy it, it can only get worse as days past. lag, malware, no updates,will add up and you have to wipe constantly.; 2. iPhone can only get better as days past. New OS updates, first citizen app updates, first class support for more then 2 years.; Look! people are still rocking with iPhone 4S with iOS8.3. But did you see anyone bragging of their S3? NOPE.
lifeisa777, 09 Apr 2015guys.. i was been using samsung s4 then s5 now using IPHONE 6 i must say there no phone like... moreExactly, there's something in iPhone which you can't see from paper, thats why more and more people buying iPhones all the time and leaving other OS devices and feel how great the iPhone is, of course it doesn't suit for everyone, but clearly a lot of people likes what Apple offers.; Exactly, there's something in iPhone which you can't see from paper, thats why more and more people buying iPhones all the time and leaving other OS devices and feel how great the iPhone is, of course it doesn't suit for everyone, but clearly a lot of people likes what Apple offers.
guys..
 i was been using samsung s4 then s5 now using IPHONE 6
 i must say there no phone like IPHONE
 performance, response compatability everything is just perfect
 samsung is just crapy HTC produces good phones than samsung do.; guys..; i was been using samsung s4 then s5 now using IPHONE 6; i must say there no phone like IPHONE; performance, response compatability everything is just perfect; samsung is just crapy HTC produces good phones than samsung do.
Sta-ko, 09 Apr 2015Toobad you have to play on your small low res. 4"screen, is there even place for your fi... moreNever heard iPad? Guess not :D; Never heard iPad? Guess not :D
Anomynous, 08 Apr 2015Lol, have you read any reviews at all? Reviewers rarely use one device for a long time, they a... moreNow you are getting to a stage where you are trying to explain people why the iphone 6 does not top other phones in the eyes of people who actually know what they are talking about?
 
 The few people i have seen having an iphone 4s are usually very low users. I work in a Phoneshop. Trust me, the Galaxy Ace and Young still runs high and is by far the phone that most people come in with. They work perfectly fine. And they have been out for 4 or 5 years. Any phone will last you if you take care of it. Now, on the other hand, do you know how many people walk through this shop with their cracked iphones? I think well over 95% of all cracked phones i have seen are iphones...not to mention that i constantly hear "i need to charge it 3-4 times a day sometimes".
 
 The S3 probably comes third behind the iphone 5 and iphone 4s with the most faults (this is from own experience after one year in a phoneshop).
 
 Just saying. But it's all lovely that you convinced yourself somehow that your phone is better than others'. it's just that it's not x; Now you are getting to a stage where you are trying to explain people why the iphone 6 does not top other phones in the eyes of people who actually know what they are talking about?; The few people i have seen having an iphone 4s are usually very low users. I work in a Phoneshop. Trust me, the Galaxy Ace and Young still runs high and is by far the phone that most people come in with. They work perfectly fine. And they have been out for 4 or 5 years. Any phone will last you if you take care of it. Now, on the other hand, do you know how many people walk through this shop with their cracked iphones? I think well over 95% of all cracked phones i have seen are iphones...not to mention that i constantly hear "i need to charge it 3-4 times a day sometimes".; The S3 probably comes third behind the iphone 5 and iphone 4s with the most faults (this is from own experience after one year in a phoneshop).; Just saying. But it's all lovely that you convinced yourself somehow that your phone is better than others'. it's just that it's not x
Duel, 09 Apr 2015All the iOS users, mortal kombat x have been released today for iOS and it's AWESOMEiToobad you have to play on your small low res. 4"screen, is there even place for your fingers there....:-); Toobad you have to play on your small low res. 4"screen, is there even place for your fingers there....:-)
My iPhone 4s still works like a charm!!...:)
 So can't deny the fact that iphone 6 will go on forever!; My iPhone 4s still works like a charm!!...:); So can't deny the fact that iphone 6 will go on forever!
All the iOS users, mortal kombat x have been released today for iOS and it's AWESOMEi; All the iOS users, mortal kombat x have been released today for iOS and it's AWESOMEi
Pancake, 08 Apr 2015Whilst it is nice that you are so happy for your phone, literally all reviewers have a differe... moreLol, have you read any reviews at all? Reviewers rarely use one device for a long time, they are focusing on new stuff and features like it's all there is, and generally have no idea about a regular users dayly smartphone usage. One example is qwerty phones, side sliders, which I had many of and used for many years but in reviews I read I only saw that reviewers was unaware of how we real users used sidesliders, it was like alien views of the devices. I had several non-qwerty ad-droid flagships since and also used BB10 for an extensive period but no doubt iPhone is far better for doing stuff EXCEPT BitTorrent. Games, UI performance and fluidity is in another class way above. And don't give me the WP arguments, I tried and WP is annoyingly slow and offers nothing else than "smooth" animations to stall things for an illusion of fluidity. 
 
 And durability? I have retired several androids due to outdated hardware and hopelessly slow operation while iPhone 4s users feel no need to buy new phones, theirs still comfortable to use with no hiccups. Did you see any reviewers point that out? No, because they judge phones from different criteria, they are junkies who can't get enough of the thrill of the new stuff.; Lol, have you read any reviews at all? Reviewers rarely use one device for a long time, they are focusing on new stuff and features like it's all there is, and generally have no idea about a regular users dayly smartphone usage. One example is qwerty phones, side sliders, which I had many of and used for many years but in reviews I read I only saw that reviewers was unaware of how we real users used sidesliders, it was like alien views of the devices. I had several non-qwerty ad-droid flagships since and also used BB10 for an extensive period but no doubt iPhone is far better for doing stuff EXCEPT BitTorrent. Games, UI performance and fluidity is in another class way above. And don't give me the WP arguments, I tried and WP is annoyingly slow and offers nothing else than "smooth" animations to stall things for an illusion of fluidity.; And durability? I have retired several androids due to outdated hardware and hopelessly slow operation while iPhone 4s users feel no need to buy new phones, theirs still comfortable to use with no hiccups. Did you see any reviewers point that out? No, because they judge phones from different criteria, they are junkies who can't get enough of the thrill of the new stuff.
[deleted post]Pear, you have said your opinion many times already, there's no point to repeat those same lines over and over again here, that's called trolling and get your comments deleted.
 
 Just a friendly hint
 
 No bashing - deliberately and repeatedly bashing the same brand; Pear, you have said your opinion many times already, there's no point to repeat those same lines over and over again here, that's called trolling and get your comments deleted.; Just a friendly hint; No bashing - deliberately and repeatedly bashing the same brand
in my opinion apple and samsung are the best mobile manufactures up to now they have their cons and pros but its not about who is the best its about what we like; in my opinion apple and samsung are the best mobile manufactures up to now they have their cons and pros but its not about who is the best its about what we like
Anonymous, 08 Apr 2015iPhone is the best phone in the world. Because it balances performance, features and design be... moreWhilst it is nice that you are so happy for your phone, literally all reviewers have a different opinion. 
 
 They don't place the iphone 6 at the top. None of them do. Maybe in the top 5 or top 10 most of the times. But never at the top.
 
 I tend to trust their opinions more...; Whilst it is nice that you are so happy for your phone, literally all reviewers have a different opinion.; They don't place the iphone 6 at the top. None of them do. Maybe in the top 5 or top 10 most of the times. But never at the top.; I tend to trust their opinions more...
6-or-6+?, 08 Apr 2015I wanna know how about it's battery life. I like iph 6 more than 6 plus cuz of it's design ;s... moreHi. Iam using Iphone 6, If you use facebook for long time then it eats the battery and also candy crush. Anyhow you need to charge the battery twice a day. Finally iphone is gr8 without any other problem.; Hi. Iam using Iphone 6, If you use facebook for long time then it eats the battery and also candy crush. Anyhow you need to charge the battery twice a day. Finally iphone is gr8 without any other problem.
6-or-6+?, 08 Apr 2015I wanna know how about it's battery life. I like iph 6 more than 6 plus cuz of it's design ;s... moreDepends on your usage.
 
 If both are screen on, both last as long.
 If screen off, iPhone 6 Plus last longer.
 
 Camera OIS is only important when you are taking night shots, it reduce noise if you have shaky hands.
 
 So do not concern yourself about the battery or camera. Just look for the size comfortable for you.; Depends on your usage.; If both are screen on, both last as long.; If screen off, iPhone 6 Plus last longer.; Camera OIS is only important when you are taking night shots, it reduce noise if you have shaky hands.; So do not concern yourself about the battery or camera. Just look for the size comfortable for you.
I wanna know how about it's battery life.
 I like iph 6 more than 6 plus cuz of it's design ;size
 But iph 6 plus has greater resolution; battery life & better camera :/
 so plz tell me about Iph6's
 BATTERY LIFE !!!!; I wanna know how about it's battery life.; I like iph 6 more than 6 plus cuz of it's design ;size; But iph 6 plus has greater resolution; battery life & better camera :/; so plz tell me about Iph6's; BATTERY LIFE !!!!
Please tell me how is 16 gb iphone??? Can i have space to use videos &image after the installing of apps???; Please tell me how is 16 gb iphone??? Can i have space to use videos &image after the installing of apps???
iPhone is the best phone in the world. Because it balances performance, features and design better then any phone out there.
 
 Haters always use price.. specs... and tons and tons of phones just vs 1 iPhone. In the end there is still no 1 phone that can beat iPhone.
 
 Its not just me, just look at the sales of this awesome phone, people have checked and made their conclusion. This is still the phone to get, until iPhone 6s or 7 comes out.; iPhone is the best phone in the world. Because it balances performance, features and design better then any phone out there.; Haters always use price.. specs... and tons and tons of phones just vs 1 iPhone. In the end there is still no 1 phone that can beat iPhone.; Its not just me, just look at the sales of this awesome phone, people have checked and made their conclusion. This is still the phone to get, until iPhone 6s or 7 comes out.
Pancake, 08 Apr 2015Yes, all you had some android before. Gotta love the rhetoric here haha. You know i can use... moreIf you dont like iphones why are you in the iphone section?
 
 And its hilarious how you guys cant handle the fact that not everyone has had an amazing experience with Android. 
 
 I suggest doing some research into the facts I mentioned and coming with back FACTS, not opinion.; If you dont like iphones why are you in the iphone section?; And its hilarious how you guys cant handle the fact that not everyone has had an amazing experience with Android.; I suggest doing some research into the facts I mentioned and coming with back FACTS, not opinion.
Reaper.s1000rr, 07 Apr 2015Optimization, security, reliability, support, immediate updates. I had an S5 before and it bec... moreYes, all you had some android before. Gotta love the rhetoric here haha.
 
 You know i can use your exact description to talk about any phone out there. Meanwhile comparisons are made that show how weak the iphone camera is and reviews are written that place your beloved phone outside the top5 best smartphones out there.
 
 Stick to iphones. Android surely is 'too difficult'. They told you that so you have to believe it..; Yes, all you had some android before. Gotta love the rhetoric here haha.; You know i can use your exact description to talk about any phone out there. Meanwhile comparisons are made that show how weak the iphone camera is and reviews are written that place your beloved phone outside the top5 best smartphones out there.; Stick to iphones. Android surely is 'too difficult'. They told you that so you have to believe it..
Anonymous, 07 Apr 2015Meanwhile all the android users I know is switching phones every year.So do all the iPhone owners! Everyone changes phones, that's nothing unique to one company/platform/OS or another.; So do all the iPhone owners! Everyone changes phones, that's nothing unique to one company/platform/OS or another.
ASFS, 07 Apr 2015i want to buy an iPhone, any suggestions. I currently have a Galaxy 4 but im having issues wit... moreIf you know what you are going to buy (iOS) it's going to be great deal. So just read few reviews and maybe you find if it suits for you?; If you know what you are going to buy (iOS) it's going to be great deal. So just read few reviews and maybe you find if it suits for you?
Peach, 07 Apr 2015Literally all the people i know with iphones have problems with their phone (especially batter... moreMeanwhile all the android users I know is switching phones every year.; Meanwhile all the android users I know is switching phones every year.
i want to buy an iPhone, any suggestions. I currently have a Galaxy 4 but im having issues with the memory and once in a while i have to transfer all my data to the SD card.
 
 Any good comments about iPhone 6??; i want to buy an iPhone, any suggestions. I currently have a Galaxy 4 but im having issues with the memory and once in a while i have to transfer all my data to the SD card.; Any good comments about iPhone 6??
Peach, 07 Apr 2015was bored of that name...it's a personality trait, it's fun...we non-apples have that xPear, did you see the newest mobile trending list? IPhone 6 went from place 10 to 4.; Pear, did you see the newest mobile trending list? IPhone 6 went from place 10 to 4.
Duel, 07 Apr 2015Pear, why you changing your name?was bored of that name...it's a personality trait, it's fun...we non-apples have that x; was bored of that name...it's a personality trait, it's fun...we non-apples have that x
Peach, 07 Apr 2015Literally all the people i know with iphones have problems with their phone (especially batter... morePear, why you changing your name?; Pear, why you changing your name?
spun, 05 Apr 2015Why are people buying this anyway? I looked at some reviews...no tech publication i found plac... moreOptimization, security, reliability, support, immediate updates. I had an S5 before and it became slow after a month of usage. Then it developed the mm-qcamera-daemon bug for which the only solution is a full reset. Samsung support was useless. I threw that phone in the garbage.
 
 At the same time my brothers iphone 4s is still as fast as the day he bought it and has detault FDE which even the latest S6 does not have. It has never been reset since 2011.
 
 I got an iphone 6 just because of these reasons. Its reliable like a Japanese car and performs like an Italian supercar. 
 
 http://www.gsmarena.com/apple_iphone_6-review-11­41p5.php 
 
 Yes you can customize Android but you cant rely on it. Especially business users. 
 
 Also the camera on the iphone 6 is one of the best in the market. start up time, Shot to shot speed, color reproduction and image quality, some of the most advanced image stabilization seen in phones etc. is backed up by a wide variety of pro level apps like camera+. This cannot be matched by Android currently.; Optimization, security, reliability, support, immediate updates. I had an S5 before and it became slow after a month of usage. Then it developed the mm-qcamera-daemon bug for which the only solution is a full reset. Samsung support was useless. I threw that phone in the garbage.; At the same time my brothers iphone 4s is still as fast as the day he bought it and has detault FDE which even the latest S6 does not have. It has never been reset since 2011.; I got an iphone 6 just because of these reasons. Its reliable like a Japanese car and performs like an Italian supercar.; Yes you can customize Android but you cant rely on it. Especially business users.; Also the camera on the iphone 6 is one of the best in the market. start up time, Shot to shot speed, color reproduction and image quality, some of the most advanced image stabilization seen in phones etc. is backed up by a wide variety of pro level apps like camera+. This cannot be matched by Android currently.
JD, 07 Apr 2015Prestigio Series 7 Series CPU Internal Clock Rate 1.7 GHz CPU Core Quantity 8 (Octa) Dis... moreNowadays you can't just buy a phone by specs. Compare iPhone 6 specs vs Galaxy S3 specs. Just one of those two works nice with similar or "worse" specs. The other is just shit for today needs.; Nowadays you can't just buy a phone by specs. Compare iPhone 6 specs vs Galaxy S3 specs. Just one of those two works nice with similar or "worse" specs. The other is just shit for today needs.
Anonymous, 07 Apr 2015their just trolling. leave them be. both iphone and android have their pros and cons. Iphone... moreLiterally all the people i know with iphones have problems with their phone (especially battery) mid-way through their contract and can't wait for the upgrade date...longevity is definitely not on apple's list of strengths...; Literally all the people i know with iphones have problems with their phone (especially battery) mid-way through their contract and can't wait for the upgrade date...longevity is definitely not on apple's list of strengths...
Duel, 06 Apr 2015"Why not spend an extra dollar on a proper phone. Or even less dollars on a proper phone ... moreHow is ios the best on the market? Do you realize how silly that sounds? Not to mention, incredibly subjective...
 
 Putting nuances asside, ios and most forms of android are quite similar. The main differentiating factor is the customization. I personally prefer a phone that allows for different ringtones and backgrounds (see zedge) or to have funny useful widgets on my second homepage and keep the first one with 3 apps on it (skype, music and camera). i like to uninstall or hide all the unnecessary preloaded apps, etc...
 
 The funny thing is that most people would prefer that but because apple's marketing department have done their job, they mamaged to convince a certain category of people that they don't need all that and they offer something that 'is simpler to use' (which obviously is not true). 
 
 It used to be hipsters or technologically advanced people who bought into iphones initially, but after a few years and rehashing the same phone, it has now fallen in to the hands of thr technologically challenged and uneducated teenagers that need to have the phone in order to take their new selfie with 'the situation' from jersey shore...(somebody else said that here)...go on a bus to a bad part of your town and you'll see everybody having an iphone...it is now just a fad that will die soon unless apple don't decide to actually bring something new to the table...; How is ios the best on the market? Do you realize how silly that sounds? Not to mention, incredibly subjective...; Putting nuances asside, ios and most forms of android are quite similar. The main differentiating factor is the customization. I personally prefer a phone that allows for different ringtones and backgrounds (see zedge) or to have funny useful widgets on my second homepage and keep the first one with 3 apps on it (skype, music and camera). i like to uninstall or hide all the unnecessary preloaded apps, etc...; The funny thing is that most people would prefer that but because apple's marketing department have done their job, they mamaged to convince a certain category of people that they don't need all that and they offer something that 'is simpler to use' (which obviously is not true).; It used to be hipsters or technologically advanced people who bought into iphones initially, but after a few years and rehashing the same phone, it has now fallen in to the hands of thr technologically challenged and uneducated teenagers that need to have the phone in order to take their new selfie with 'the situation' from jersey shore...(somebody else said that here)...go on a bus to a bad part of your town and you'll see everybody having an iphone...it is now just a fad that will die soon unless apple don't decide to actually bring something new to the table...
Duel, 06 Apr 2015"Why not spend an extra dollar on a proper phone. Or even less dollars on a proper phone ... morePrestigio Series 7 Series
 CPU Internal Clock Rate 1.7 GHz
 CPU Core Quantity 8 (Octa)
 Display Size 5" | 12.7 cm
 Display Resolution FHD (1920x1080)
 Display Type Super AMOLED
 Display Features Dual Gorilla Glass
 Operating System Android 4.4
 Battery Current Capacity 2300 mAh
 GPU Mali-450
 Internal Memory Size 16 GB
 Installed RAM Storage Capacity 2 GB
 Camera Resolution 13 Mpixel
 Camera Features Autofocus, BSI
 Front Camera 5.0 Mpixel
 Sensors G-Sensor, Proximity Sensor, Gyro Sensor, E-Compass, Accelerometer, Light Sensor
 Height 145 mm
 Width 70.2 mm
 Depth 5.5 mm
 Weight (with battery) 133 g
 
 319e
 
 this is why; Prestigio Series 7 Series; CPU Internal Clock Rate 1.7 GHz; CPU Core Quantity 8 (Octa); Display Size 5" | 12.7 cm; Display Resolution FHD (1920x1080); Display Type Super AMOLED; Display Features Dual Gorilla Glass; Operating System Android 4.4; Battery Current Capacity 2300 mAh; GPU Mali-450; Internal Memory Size 16 GB; Installed RAM Storage Capacity 2 GB; Camera Resolution 13 Mpixel; Camera Features Autofocus, BSI; Front Camera 5.0 Mpixel; Sensors G-Sensor, Proximity Sensor, Gyro Sensor, E-Compass, Accelerometer, Light Sensor; Height 145 mm; Width 70.2 mm; Depth 5.5 mm; Weight (with battery) 133 g; 319e; this is why
Duel, 06 Apr 2015"Why not spend an extra dollar on a proper phone. Or even less dollars on a proper phone ... moretheir just trolling. leave them be. both iphone and android have their pros and cons. Iphone retains their overall value, and longevity. Android phone starts to die after 9 months.; their just trolling. leave them be. both iphone and android have their pros and cons. Iphone retains their overall value, and longevity. Android phone starts to die after 9 months.
John Doe, 06 Apr 2015I love iPhones but the latest features they have come up with I ABSOLUTELY HATE. The fact that... moreyea but then if you get kidnapped, then the police can also track you down.; yea but then if you get kidnapped, then the police can also track you down.
spun, 05 Apr 2015Why are people buying this anyway? I looked at some reviews...no tech publication i found plac... moreiPhone lacks simplicity not frustration.; iPhone lacks simplicity not frustration.
spun, 06 Apr 2015Yes, it makes sense...but a car that is worth 10 houses probably does something amazing. An... morenokia has a 42 mp camera and pictures sometimes get blurry.
 iphone has a better image proccesing camera than ANY other phone out there.
 you will not see holograms in your lifespan there still isnt theoreticall possyibility for that.
 apple has a feature with wich you can pay using your phone.
 apple has weaker specs because it doesnt need high specs because android just doesnt work very well.
 
 -A phone critic; nokia has a 42 mp camera and pictures sometimes get blurry.; iphone has a better image proccesing camera than ANY other phone out there.; you will not see holograms in your lifespan there still isnt theoreticall possyibility for that.; apple has a feature with wich you can pay using your phone.; apple has weaker specs because it doesnt need high specs because android just doesnt work very well.; -A phone critic
spun, 06 Apr 2015Yes, it makes sense...but a car that is worth 10 houses probably does something amazing. An... more"Why not spend an extra dollar on a proper phone. Or even less dollars on a proper phone (moto g, lg g3, lg g2, one plus one, etc)."
 
 Because they doesn't run iOS and doesn't have the best ecosystem in the market? IOS is the reason why iPhone and iPad is so popular not the device itself. Thats why im surprised everytime when guys like you starting to list those so called "better" android phones.; "Why not spend an extra dollar on a proper phone. Or even less dollars on a proper phone (moto g, lg g3, lg g2, one plus one, etc)."; Because they doesn't run iOS and doesn't have the best ecosystem in the market? IOS is the reason why iPhone and iPad is so popular not the device itself. Thats why im surprised everytime when guys like you starting to list those so called "better" android phones.
I love iPhones but the latest features they have come up with I ABSOLUTELY HATE. The fact that it can track my every move, letting people know how long I've been there and ect is ridiculous. && if your not knowledgeable of this feature, it will come to you as a shocker on how accurate it all is. Some people will look at it as something great incase someone is kidnapped but it only gives great detail in the phone itself, not with Find My IPhone. This feature should be deleted.; I love iPhones but the latest features they have come up with I ABSOLUTELY HATE. The fact that it can track my every move, letting people know how long I've been there and ect is ridiculous. && if your not knowledgeable of this feature, it will come to you as a shocker on how accurate it all is. Some people will look at it as something great incase someone is kidnapped but it only gives great detail in the phone itself, not with Find My IPhone. This feature should be deleted.
Anonymous, 06 Apr 2015Other people even buying a car thats worth a 10 house while only have 2 seating capacity. Its ... moreYes, it makes sense...but a car that is worth 10 houses probably does something amazing.
 
 An iphone is just bland...it's a little restrictive computer with little battery and poor camera. Why not spend an extra dollar on a proper phone. Or even less dollars on a proper phone (moto g, lg g3, lg g2, one plus one, etc).
 
 Oh well, so be it...i am looking forward to the day when us android users will be able to pay with our phone anywhere we go, have brilliant cameras and holograms coming out our phones and the iphone community will continue to venerate their iphone gods for giving them a 9MP camera...; Yes, it makes sense...but a car that is worth 10 houses probably does something amazing.; An iphone is just bland...it's a little restrictive computer with little battery and poor camera. Why not spend an extra dollar on a proper phone. Or even less dollars on a proper phone (moto g, lg g3, lg g2, one plus one, etc).; Oh well, so be it...i am looking forward to the day when us android users will be able to pay with our phone anywhere we go, have brilliant cameras and holograms coming out our phones and the iphone community will continue to venerate their iphone gods for giving them a 9MP camera...
spun, 05 Apr 2015Why are people buying this anyway? I looked at some reviews...no tech publication i found plac... moreOther people even buying a car thats worth a 10 house while only have 2 seating capacity. Its natural instinct, human tend to make themselve better by buying a product that makes them feel above than the other.; Other people even buying a car thats worth a 10 house while only have 2 seating capacity. Its natural instinct, human tend to make themselve better by buying a product that makes them feel above than the other.
Duel, 06 Apr 2015Thanks pear, sta-ko and others "The Top 10 trending phones of week 14 "Interes... moreGlad i helped!; Glad i helped!
zivan, 06 Apr 2015Oh men I have to do this! I hated iPhone so much that i cant afford it. I was using android a... moreAnd your android is what.. . Galaxy Ace.. . :-)?; And your android is what.. . Galaxy Ace.. . :-)?
Oh men I have to do this!
 I hated iPhone so much that i cant afford it. I was using android all the time, but always wanted an iPhone. 
 
 I been using android since, and really, after 3-5 months its started to lag and everything. became very very slow because.
 
 and when i had a chance to afford the iPhone 5s(surely will upgrade to 6s by september), man, this thing is a beast. 
 
 I have both android and ios for 2 weeks now, and ended up using the iphone most of the time.
 
 And if you want to download movie, there's a tweak..just like torrent.. the MOVIE BOX.; Oh men I have to do this!; I hated iPhone so much that i cant afford it. I was using android all the time, but always wanted an iPhone.; I been using android since, and really, after 3-5 months its started to lag and everything. became very very slow because.; and when i had a chance to afford the iPhone 5s(surely will upgrade to 6s by september), man, this thing is a beast.; I have both android and ios for 2 weeks now, and ended up using the iphone most of the time.; And if you want to download movie, there's a tweak..just like torrent.. the MOVIE BOX.
spun, 05 Apr 2015Why are people buying this anyway? I looked at some reviews...no tech publication i found plac... moreYour friends does funny things. But i do believe he is imaginary. 
 
 1. He sold iPhone and buy S6. You claimed.
 2. He still has iPhone, and waiting on edge.
 
 Your claims and story does not match. Do not pretend to give friend's testimonies and claim you are a wondering outsider.; Your friends does funny things. But i do believe he is imaginary.; 1. He sold iPhone and buy S6. You claimed.; 2. He still has iPhone, and waiting on edge.; Your claims and story does not match. Do not pretend to give friend's testimonies and claim you are a wondering outsider.
spun, 05 Apr 2015Why are people buying this anyway? I looked at some reviews...no tech publication i found plac... moreBitter Troll hahahah; Bitter Troll hahahah
Thanks pear, sta-ko and others
 
 "The Top 10 trending phones of week 14
 
 "Interestingly enough, the iPhone 6 has skyrocketed all the way to the fourth place, which is a major leap forward, considering, that only last week, it was in danger of dropping out of the race altogether."
 
 IPhone 6 went from place 10 -> 4; Thanks pear, sta-ko and others; "The Top 10 trending phones of week 14; "Interestingly enough, the iPhone 6 has skyrocketed all the way to the fourth place, which is a major leap forward, considering, that only last week, it was in danger of dropping out of the race altogether."; IPhone 6 went from place 10 -> 4
spun, 05 Apr 2015Why are people buying this anyway? I looked at some reviews...no tech publication i found plac... moreMainly peer pressure, lack of technical knowledge, misselling, etc...
 
 I have seen people that moved from a Galaxy Ace to an iphone 6 and then saying that thr iphone is amazing and they will never go back to Samsung or Android...go figure, a $600 phone from 2014 is better than a $60 from 2009! You get people like that who fall for these things. 
 
 It's a cheap and bland phone...let it have its moment of glory just now...; Mainly peer pressure, lack of technical knowledge, misselling, etc...; I have seen people that moved from a Galaxy Ace to an iphone 6 and then saying that thr iphone is amazing and they will never go back to Samsung or Android...go figure, a $600 phone from 2014 is better than a $60 from 2009! You get people like that who fall for these things.; It's a cheap and bland phone...let it have its moment of glory just now...
Why are people buying this anyway? I looked at some reviews...no tech publication i found places this at the top of best smartphones you can find...sometimes it's not even in the top 5 :)...
 
 I am not hating or trolling. I have one good friend who actually has one of these (he will change soon to an Edge). I personally prefer phones that have good battery, camera and allow for customization. This phone obviously has none of that. That's why i did not choose an iphone...
 
 I know the Note 4, S6, S6 Edge or even HTC M9 are a bit more expensive than this, but i for one think it is worth the money investing in something of higher quality with more freedom.
 
 I asked this on another forum and i got some answer with the likes "iphone is perfection. it makes me feel like i belong." I couldn't believe, i almost threw in my mouth a little...hey, if you love a company so much, then humanity is most likely doomed....; Why are people buying this anyway? I looked at some reviews...no tech publication i found places this at the top of best smartphones you can find...sometimes it's not even in the top 5 :)...; I am not hating or trolling. I have one good friend who actually has one of these (he will change soon to an Edge). I personally prefer phones that have good battery, camera and allow for customization. This phone obviously has none of that. That's why i did not choose an iphone...; I know the Note 4, S6, S6 Edge or even HTC M9 are a bit more expensive than this, but i for one think it is worth the money investing in something of higher quality with more freedom.; I asked this on another forum and i got some answer with the likes "iphone is perfection. it makes me feel like i belong." I couldn't believe, i almost threw in my mouth a little...hey, if you love a company so much, then humanity is most likely doomed....
I don't know why humans are buying other cheap android phones more than Apple; I don't know why humans are buying other cheap android phones more than Apple
http://youtu.be/WFhIYblTwl0 Here is great iPhone 6 vs s6 edge speed test video, shows that only thing which matter is real life performance and also amount of cores doesnt matter.
 
 Beginning of this video the guy was sure that S6 edge would win easily
 
 Surprising part of that video was that iPhone 6 actually won multitasking part too.
 
 I was surprised to see s6 edge asphalt 8 lags quite a lot, it's not even new game, very old actually.; Here is great iPhone 6 vs s6 edge speed test video, shows that only thing which matter is real life performance and also amount of cores doesnt matter.; Beginning of this video the guy was sure that S6 edge would win easily; Surprising part of that video was that iPhone 6 actually won multitasking part too.; I was surprised to see s6 edge asphalt 8 lags quite a lot, it's not even new game, very old actually.
Apple knows whats best for end customers. They sell you awesome products, they do not play marketing gimmicks.
 
 Dual core is the most efficient design for most mobile apps to date. As the jump from single core to dual core gives you most gain. Even Intel low voltage processors also does the same thing, dual core i7 / i5. 
 
 This is evident in the benchmark scores. Look at the multi-core benchmarks for iPhone, and single core benchmarks of iPhone. You realise the score is nearly doubled. However for those octa core processors, its only abit less then 4 times.
 
 And single core benchmarks (Which apps uses most of the time) is very very low on those octa core chips. Thats why bazing octa core processors need 2.5Ghz and yet lag once in a while.
 
 As for games and graphics, iPhone comes with quad core graphics, thats why its smooth and surprisingly fast.; Apple knows whats best for end customers. They sell you awesome products, they do not play marketing gimmicks.; Dual core is the most efficient design for most mobile apps to date. As the jump from single core to dual core gives you most gain. Even Intel low voltage processors also does the same thing, dual core i7 / i5.; This is evident in the benchmark scores. Look at the multi-core benchmarks for iPhone, and single core benchmarks of iPhone. You realise the score is nearly doubled. However for those octa core processors, its only abit less then 4 times.; And single core benchmarks (Which apps uses most of the time) is very very low on those octa core chips. Thats why bazing octa core processors need 2.5Ghz and yet lag once in a while.; As for games and graphics, iPhone comes with quad core graphics, thats why its smooth and surprisingly fast.
ReksaMF, 04 Apr 2015why the iPhone still use Dual Core Proccesor?Thats right proccesors of iphone is lower than other.but powerfull it More than others.; Thats right proccesors of iphone is lower than other.but powerfull it More than others.
Sta-ko, 04 Apr 2015And i forgot.. DON'T be ridicules my 8 core C53 games flawlessly whit maly T760.Lol. Post back when you tried gaming on a real ad-droid phone. Even xperia SP blows A7 and A53 quad and octa core away, A53 is a laughable core no matter how you twist it or how many you add.; Lol. Post back when you tried gaming on a real ad-droid phone. Even xperia SP blows A7 and A53 quad and octa core away, A53 is a laughable core no matter how you twist it or how many you add.
Anomynous, 04 Apr 2015Benchmarks, thats the only reason for 4 or 8 cores. Octacore Cortex A53 does well in benchmark... moreAnd i forgot.. DON'T be ridicules my 8 core C53 games flawlessly whit maly T760.; And i forgot.. DON'T be ridicules my 8 core C53 games flawlessly whit maly T760.
Anomynous, 04 Apr 2015Benchmarks, thats the only reason for 4 or 8 cores. Octacore Cortex A53 does well in benchmark... moreAlot of geniuses here... the most inportant thingin your phone is the graphic processor. The funny little app that we are using in our phones doesn't need that much calculating power. Usually the phone runs on one or two cores... the 4 and 8 cores phones use 4 cores for heavy calculations,thats why 8 cored pfone have 4 cores on 1.7mz and 4 cores on 2mz usually they use the first 4 cores if they need more power they use the 2mz cores and in very rare cases 8cores.For gaming as in the PC you need good GPU for example if you play heavy game on i3 and on i7 whit the same GPU the difference will not be very much(if the i3 power will be enough for the game of course) So.. Iphone perform well in gaming and in general because in every iphone apple puts hi end GPU and very restricted IOS that's the hole secret.; Alot of geniuses here... the most inportant thingin your phone is the graphic processor. The funny little app that we are using in our phones doesn't need that much calculating power. Usually the phone runs on one or two cores... the 4 and 8 cores phones use 4 cores for heavy calculations,thats why 8 cored pfone have 4 cores on 1.7mz and 4 cores on 2mz usually they use the first 4 cores if they need more power they use the 2mz cores and in very rare cases 8cores.For gaming as in the PC you need good GPU for example if you play heavy game on i3 and on i7 whit the same GPU the difference will not be very much(if the i3 power will be enough for the game of course) So.. Iphone perform well in gaming and in general because in every iphone apple puts hi end GPU and very restricted IOS that's the hole secret.
Ilol, 04 Apr 2015Have you ever seen applications that use full adventage of a quadcore processor phone? plus th... moreBenchmarks, thats the only reason for 4 or 8 cores. Octacore Cortex A53 does well in benchmarks but not in real life usage, and has exceptionally bad gaming performance. The xperia SP with its two Krait cores were much faster than octacore phones, and iPhones are much faster than SP.; Benchmarks, thats the only reason for 4 or 8 cores. Octacore Cortex A53 does well in benchmarks but not in real life usage, and has exceptionally bad gaming performance. The xperia SP with its two Krait cores were much faster than octacore phones, and iPhones are much faster than SP.
Mohamed, 04 Apr 2015I've been an Apple hatter for too long,i've never understood why people are buying a device li... moreI can relate, im a former apple hater also, now im not wasting money for non-apple gadgets anymore. It was tablets that opened my eyes to how bad ad-droid really is, iPad is in a class on its own, once i admitted that i soon after was able to see that iPhones are actually great also, at least compared to ad-droid they are amazing.; I can relate, im a former apple hater also, now im not wasting money for non-apple gadgets anymore. It was tablets that opened my eyes to how bad ad-droid really is, iPad is in a class on its own, once i admitted that i soon after was able to see that iPhones are actually great also, at least compared to ad-droid they are amazing.
I've been an Apple hatter for too long,i've never understood why people are buying a device like an iphone,I never had an iphone before.But after i bought a Note 4 and compared the performance to an Iphone 6 i was blown away of how fast things are going on iphone compared to my laggy Note 4.That and the fact i'm still stuck on android 4.4.4 waiting for the 5.0 update to be more stable,i decided not to ever buy a Samsung device or Android att all and get a respectable and actual smart phone,An Iphone.; I've been an Apple hatter for too long,i've never understood why people are buying a device like an iphone,I never had an iphone before.But after i bought a Note 4 and compared the performance to an Iphone 6 i was blown away of how fast things are going on iphone compared to my laggy Note 4.That and the fact i'm still stuck on android 4.4.4 waiting for the 5.0 update to be more stable,i decided not to ever buy a Samsung device or Android att all and get a respectable and actual smart phone,An Iphone.
joe sHmoe, 01 Apr 2015Well that sounds fair enough.lol -File converting from JPG to PDF is apparently a big hastl... moreThanks for the explanation; Thanks for the explanation
ReksaMF, 04 Apr 2015why the iPhone still use Dual Core Proccesor?Have you ever seen applications that use full adventage of a quadcore processor phone? plus the power efficiency is as important as the phone speed. Because 
 In the end you want your phone to last till atleast the end of the day incase you actually get a phonecall.; Have you ever seen applications that use full adventage of a quadcore processor phone? plus the power efficiency is as important as the phone speed. Because; In the end you want your phone to last till atleast the end of the day incase you actually get a phonecall.
ReksaMF, 04 Apr 2015why the iPhone still use Dual Core Proccesor?Very simple. You cant expect 4 goats to do the work 2 horses can do. Each of Apples cores are big and powerful, and also power efficient, its like the phone equivalent of Intel Core i7.; Very simple. You cant expect 4 goats to do the work 2 horses can do. Each of Apples cores are big and powerful, and also power efficient, its like the phone equivalent of Intel Core i7.
ReksaMF, 04 Apr 2015why the iPhone still use Dual Core Proccesor?Because most of times mobile device only need dual core. Instead adding cores which device rarely uses, Apple have chosed to invest in fast single cores performance and that's working very well, iPhone 6 has fastest single core benchmark scores out there, thats why for example iPhone 6 is as fast as galaxy s6. 
 
 So With dual core Apple can already compete with those quad and octa core devices. And 6S very likely to going to be fastest device this year again because iPhone 6 already is fastest or among.; Because most of times mobile device only need dual core. Instead adding cores which device rarely uses, Apple have chosed to invest in fast single cores performance and that's working very well, iPhone 6 has fastest single core benchmark scores out there, thats why for example iPhone 6 is as fast as galaxy s6.; So With dual core Apple can already compete with those quad and octa core devices. And 6S very likely to going to be fastest device this year again because iPhone 6 already is fastest or among.
why the iPhone still use Dual Core Proccesor?; why the iPhone still use Dual Core Proccesor?
Anonymous, 02 Apr 2015I guess you never use much of Mac. All comments about Mac is either from a beginner Mac user. ... moreIm just gonna say i have my fair share of experience in what your saying.But still thats a big inconvience to most especially in a case that most users are arrogant and would just go around swingging talks saying that the brand sucks because of this and that.Unlike you and me and some that visit this site for entertainment we are a bit knowlegable and would actually want to learn how to convert files.But again though its still a big hastle to wait and convert a file and using another source to do so.; Im just gonna say i have my fair share of experience in what your saying.But still thats a big inconvience to most especially in a case that most users are arrogant and would just go around swingging talks saying that the brand sucks because of this and that.Unlike you and me and some that visit this site for entertainment we are a bit knowlegable and would actually want to learn how to convert files.But again though its still a big hastle to wait and convert a file and using another source to do so.
Pancake, 03 Apr 2015It's not about raw numbers indeed. I do prefer more pixels because i like to zoom in and see m... moreXperia Z3, One M9, more pixels is better? Lol! 
 
 Its about balance, z3 and M9 has bad cameras and theres no denying it. Like with girlfriends, 100 years is bad and 15 years is bad while 20-25 is perfect. For cellphone camera the sweet spot is 8 to 16 mpix.; Xperia Z3, One M9, more pixels is better? Lol!; Its about balance, z3 and M9 has bad cameras and theres no denying it. Like with girlfriends, 100 years is bad and 15 years is bad while 20-25 is perfect. For cellphone camera the sweet spot is 8 to 16 mpix.
Anomynous, 02 Apr 2015The people who say ad-droids are better because of the spec list says so are lost causes and a... moreIt's not about raw numbers indeed. I do prefer more pixels because i like to zoom in and see more than a blury dot.
 
 However this very website did a comparison between s5, s6, note 4 and iphone 6...guess which came last? And remember that the likes of z3 or lg or nokia flagships were not included.
 
 The iphone 6 camera is at the bottom of the barrell in the current flagship climate and every respectable reviewer would tell you so.
 
 But you are a fan of that iphone no matter what, right? Adorable...keep it going. I used to defend republicans for a while too...; It's not about raw numbers indeed. I do prefer more pixels because i like to zoom in and see more than a blury dot.; However this very website did a comparison between s5, s6, note 4 and iphone 6...guess which came last? And remember that the likes of z3 or lg or nokia flagships were not included.; The iphone 6 camera is at the bottom of the barrell in the current flagship climate and every respectable reviewer would tell you so.; But you are a fan of that iphone no matter what, right? Adorable...keep it going. I used to defend republicans for a while too...
GOOD; GOOD
What should I do when my new iPhone 6 can't be turned on and people work in genuines bar said that the phone has liquid damage ? But I am 100% sure the phone has no any kind of liquid damages. They told me my phone is not covered by the warranty. Then I tried to research on this issue, then I can only find this site actually really comments about Apple products. Does any one of you have been through the same issue?; What should I do when my new iPhone 6 can't be turned on and people work in genuines bar said that the phone has liquid damage ? But I am 100% sure the phone has no any kind of liquid damages. They told me my phone is not covered by the warranty. Then I tried to research on this issue, then I can only find this site actually really comments about Apple products. Does any one of you have been through the same issue?
[deleted post]Lollipop is soo 2014. Why do you still want something that is so old?; Lollipop is soo 2014. Why do you still want something that is so old?
Anonymous, 02 Apr 2015iphone fan boy alertAre you surprised? This is an iphone comments thread you know. Its you who came to the wrong place, you dont admit it but obviously iPhone is very important to you, ohh how it hurts you.... Pathetic.; Are you surprised? This is an iphone comments thread you know. Its you who came to the wrong place, you dont admit it but obviously iPhone is very important to you, ohh how it hurts you.... Pathetic.
gsm opinion section: pick a side, tke your weapon (keyboard)
 and go to war; gsm opinion section: pick a side, tke your weapon (keyboard); and go to war
Anomynous, 02 Apr 2015The people who say ad-droids are better because of the spec list says so are lost causes and a... moreiphone fan boy alert; iphone fan boy alert
The people who say ad-droids are better because of the spec list says so are lost causes and a disgrace to humanity. The Hubble space telescope has two 8 megapixel sensors, why dont you guys put your higher specced camera phones into orbit and take better photos than Hubble? Raw numbers doesnt tell anything about reality, if higher is better we would choose girlfriends at 100 years of age and 150 kilos, right? Thats numbers talking and its nonsense and we really have no interest discussing your fandroid nonsense here. For numbers go back to your galaxy S6 page and be impressed coz I'm not (already tested S6 a week ago).; The people who say ad-droids are better because of the spec list says so are lost causes and a disgrace to humanity. The Hubble space telescope has two 8 megapixel sensors, why dont you guys put your higher specced camera phones into orbit and take better photos than Hubble? Raw numbers doesnt tell anything about reality, if higher is better we would choose girlfriends at 100 years of age and 150 kilos, right? Thats numbers talking and its nonsense and we really have no interest discussing your fandroid nonsense here. For numbers go back to your galaxy S6 page and be impressed coz I'm not (already tested S6 a week ago).
[deleted post]You are joking right? :P; You are joking right? :P
Sta-ko, 02 Apr 2015Coming from you who repeats 2 lines over and over again "Iphone made 2 fps more than... B... more"Then honestly tell us, why Iphone is best, if you would be truthful you wouldn't!"
 
 I have never said iPhone is best, it's best for ME, someone else could want something else, isn't this the whole point with this argue? You cant say to someone else which phone is best because everyone have DIFFERENT needs.
 
 These are big reasons why i like iOS devices http://youtu.be/fIHcmVIdKx0 
 
 http://youtu.be/lIq1XQPVGC0 
 
 These are things which i couldnt even dream to do before owning iPhone. Im musician and Apple really cares about musicians and offer best tools for them and thats why there's huge amount of music gadgets for music producers etc.
 
 I know why i like iPhone and iOS devices and you know why you like your phone, there's no point to arque about that? No-one can't say which phone is best it's always matter of taste and needs.
 
 Maybe you should understand that these products for some people are A LOT more than numbers on paper or screen with more pixels ;)
 
 I don't answer your comments because i see it wouldnt get anywhere. And it looks like someone also removing lot of your comments so i guess people have got enough.; "Then honestly tell us, why Iphone is best, if you would be truthful you wouldn't!"; I have never said iPhone is best, it's best for ME, someone else could want something else, isn't this the whole point with this argue? You cant say to someone else which phone is best because everyone have DIFFERENT needs.; These are big reasons why i like iOS devices; These are things which i couldnt even dream to do before owning iPhone. Im musician and Apple really cares about musicians and offer best tools for them and thats why there's huge amount of music gadgets for music producers etc.; I know why i like iPhone and iOS devices and you know why you like your phone, there's no point to arque about that? No-one can't say which phone is best it's always matter of taste and needs.; Maybe you should understand that these products for some people are A LOT more than numbers on paper or screen with more pixels ;); I don't answer your comments because i see it wouldnt get anywhere. And it looks like someone also removing lot of your comments so i guess people have got enough.
Duel, 02 Apr 2015Pear, you are trying WAY too much, first part of your comment was very mature, but coming to e... moreComing from you who repeats 2 lines over and over again "Iphone made 2 fps more than... Blah, blah and blah and" iphone doesn't lag and bblah blah, and that's that. When it comes to really important things.... Silens.. Try some times realy advanced android phone whit QHD screen. . Then honestly tell us, why Iphone is best, if you would be truthful you wouldn't!; Coming from you who repeats 2 lines over and over again "Iphone made 2 fps more than... Blah, blah and blah and" iphone doesn't lag and bblah blah, and that's that. When it comes to really important things.... Silens.. Try some times realy advanced android phone whit QHD screen. . Then honestly tell us, why Iphone is best, if you would be truthful you wouldn't!
Pear, 02 Apr 2015This is what is ridiculous about the apple fans. You guys have sold into the idea that you nee... morePear, you are trying WAY too much, first part of your comment was very mature, but coming to end of your post you started your troll thing again. You have already said that same thing like 20 times. We all know how you feel about iPhones, you don't need to repeat it anymore. Understand? do you want me to go to lg g3 section and repeating same things there every day why i wouldnt buy and like g3. I really dont see any reason to do that, but somehow you keep repeating that same thing here all over again.
 
 "Why would i get a phone in 2015 that does not even allow me to text and watch Youtube at the same time? How ridiculous is that for a $500+ phone? "
 
 How ridiculous it is that lg g3 doesn't have fingerprint sensor, why would i get phone without fingerprint scanner in 2015, oh wait, choices. Every phones have their pros and cons. You like splitscreen multitasking i like touchID and many others things, thats why Apple users have chosed iPhone and for example not LG G3 etc. Which doesnt have features which they like.; Pear, you are trying WAY too much, first part of your comment was very mature, but coming to end of your post you started your troll thing again. You have already said that same thing like 20 times. We all know how you feel about iPhones, you don't need to repeat it anymore. Understand? do you want me to go to lg g3 section and repeating same things there every day why i wouldnt buy and like g3. I really dont see any reason to do that, but somehow you keep repeating that same thing here all over again.; "Why would i get a phone in 2015 that does not even allow me to text and watch Youtube at the same time? How ridiculous is that for a $500+ phone? "; How ridiculous it is that lg g3 doesn't have fingerprint sensor, why would i get phone without fingerprint scanner in 2015, oh wait, choices. Every phones have their pros and cons. You like splitscreen multitasking i like touchID and many others things, thats why Apple users have chosed iPhone and for example not LG G3 etc. Which doesnt have features which they like.
joe sHmoe, 01 Apr 2015Well i dont know if thats to ruin/degrade samsung if that's what you're saying.Because with th... more"In other words, the chips Samsung is choosing to use could theoretically match Apple's latest iPhones if they were not also driving tons of additional pixels that contribute little to no benefit to users. Think of it as a reasonably powerful engine installed into a monster truck with massive wheels it can barely turn."; "In other words, the chips Samsung is choosing to use could theoretically match Apple's latest iPhones if they were not also driving tons of additional pixels that contribute little to no benefit to users. Think of it as a reasonably powerful engine installed into a monster truck with massive wheels it can barely turn."
Pear, 02 Apr 2015This is what is ridiculous about the apple fans. You guys have sold into the idea that you nee... moreHmm, i did not comment on iPhone, i was talking about Mac only. But i do prefer iPhone over other phones. 
 
 Because it works very well with Macs. Auto hotspot, Continuity, iTunes.
 
 I see no reason to pick Samsung or LG.. they have bad support in Mac. Especially Samsung does not work with android file transfer. Whereby if i using iPhone i simply airdrop.; Hmm, i did not comment on iPhone, i was talking about Mac only. But i do prefer iPhone over other phones.; Because it works very well with Macs. Auto hotspot, Continuity, iTunes.; I see no reason to pick Samsung or LG.. they have bad support in Mac. Especially Samsung does not work with android file transfer. Whereby if i using iPhone i simply airdrop.
Anonymous, 02 Apr 2015I guess you never use much of Mac. All comments about Mac is either from a beginner Mac user. ... moreThis is what is ridiculous about the apple fans. You guys have sold into the idea that you need to own anything that Apple makes.
 
 I for one love their computers. I have an iMac and i will most likely not go back to Windows anytime soon. When it comes to phones however, I personally would give the upper hand to LG right now, even though the S6 is most obvious the best handset available on the market just now.
 
 I genuinely don't understand why you have to be a fan of a brand. It's like those uneducated gelled haired guys that have t-shirts with a million brands on them just so they can show off (despite looking ridiculous). 
 
 Every brand and tech company has its ups and downs. If iOS on iphones would allow me to give the phone a little of my own personality, include a back button, a QHD screen, freedom of choice, a decent camera and battery life, then i might consider an iphone too. Why would i get a phone in 2015 that does not even allow me to text and watch Youtube at the same time? How ridiculous is that for a $500+ phone? For the time being the iphone is just a boring non-innovative and cheap phone. And yes, it is cheap! They spend less than $150 in manufacturing it. That is cheap. x; This is what is ridiculous about the apple fans. You guys have sold into the idea that you need to own anything that Apple makes.; I for one love their computers. I have an iMac and i will most likely not go back to Windows anytime soon. When it comes to phones however, I personally would give the upper hand to LG right now, even though the S6 is most obvious the best handset available on the market just now.; I genuinely don't understand why you have to be a fan of a brand. It's like those uneducated gelled haired guys that have t-shirts with a million brands on them just so they can show off (despite looking ridiculous).; Every brand and tech company has its ups and downs. If iOS on iphones would allow me to give the phone a little of my own personality, include a back button, a QHD screen, freedom of choice, a decent camera and battery life, then i might consider an iphone too. Why would i get a phone in 2015 that does not even allow me to text and watch Youtube at the same time? How ridiculous is that for a $500+ phone? For the time being the iphone is just a boring non-innovative and cheap phone. And yes, it is cheap! They spend less than $150 in manufacturing it. That is cheap. x
joe sHmoe, 01 Apr 2015Well that sounds fair enough.lol -File converting from JPG to PDF is apparently a big hastl... moreI guess you never use much of Mac. All comments about Mac is either from a beginner Mac user.
 
 You can easily convert JPG to PDF or the reverse. Just use the Preview App, File - export pick types.
 
 Other conversion, including media / music can be bought from the Mac App Store, ads supported or payed. And do remember, Movies and Audio creation is Mac's strong points. Conversion is natural for them.
 
 As for documents and stuff, Pages / Numbers / Keynotes / Open Office / Google Docs all are free options. No 365 subscriptions or pay 200$ for Office every year. 
 
 The main reason MS Office still exist on Mac is to connect to legacy Windows users.. who are still stuck in using cavemen Office.
 
 Just like someone commented earlier, you are all influenced by lousy OS like Windows. Take a look at the New Windows 10, You see OSX UI features written all over it.; I guess you never use much of Mac. All comments about Mac is either from a beginner Mac user.; You can easily convert JPG to PDF or the reverse. Just use the Preview App, File - export pick types.; Other conversion, including media / music can be bought from the Mac App Store, ads supported or payed. And do remember, Movies and Audio creation is Mac's strong points. Conversion is natural for them.; As for documents and stuff, Pages / Numbers / Keynotes / Open Office / Google Docs all are free options. No 365 subscriptions or pay 200$ for Office every year.; The main reason MS Office still exist on Mac is to connect to legacy Windows users.. who are still stuck in using cavemen Office.; Just like someone commented earlier, you are all influenced by lousy OS like Windows. Take a look at the New Windows 10, You see OSX UI features written all over it.
Duel, 01 Apr 2015"Dual-core iPhone 6 graphics performance crushes Samsung’s octa-core Galaxy S6 Samsung... moreWell i dont know if thats to ruin/degrade samsung if that's what you're saying.Because with that phrase you just mentioned at the last part.well its like your almost saying that samsung's build is superior compared to everything and the reason why its under performing is because their are no parts yet to support what the s6 could do.You have to take in account that most of the parts on the galaxy series are just bought and that they are just using the chipset and the AMOLED display panel of their own in most handsets.
 
 -Haha im not trolling but you have to make that reason of your's more persuading in clear and right way.; Well i dont know if thats to ruin/degrade samsung if that's what you're saying.Because with that phrase you just mentioned at the last part.well its like your almost saying that samsung's build is superior compared to everything and the reason why its under performing is because their are no parts yet to support what the s6 could do.You have to take in account that most of the parts on the galaxy series are just bought and that they are just using the chipset and the AMOLED display panel of their own in most handsets.; -Haha im not trolling but you have to make that reason of your's more persuading in clear and right way.
"Dual-core iPhone 6 graphics performance crushes Samsung’s octa-core Galaxy S6
 
 Samsung's new "Exynos 7" powered Galaxy S6 drops down to 15 fps—just 78 percent of the framerate of iPhone 6 Plus—in the same test"
 
 Looks like samsung again went overkill with their screen and device again has underpowered hardware to handle it.; "Dual-core iPhone 6 graphics performance crushes Samsung’s octa-core Galaxy S6; Samsung's new "Exynos 7" powered Galaxy S6 drops down to 15 fps—just 78 percent of the framerate of iPhone 6 Plus—in the same test"; Looks like samsung again went overkill with their screen and device again has underpowered hardware to handle it.
Anonymous, 01 Apr 2015You are are influenced by windows and their proprietary file formats. Because their file format is(in own words/term) universal.the number of windows user are higher compared to linux/IOS.those making their file format a standard.; Because their file format is(in own words/term) universal.the number of windows user are higher compared to linux/IOS.those making their file format a standard.
617, 01 Apr 2015No, I am not, I still want to buy it, but I am used to sending & receiving data on daily b... moreWell that sounds fair enough.lol
 
 -File converting from JPG to PDF is apparently a big hastle for most especially in the case of business were most files arent convertable to such format.But hey thats how it works.Thats their life for apple users were most of the OS user are in the USA.If i were you than just stick to android or perhaps windows in your case as i would recommend though.Their's not much of a big difference actually in my words in any platform if its just all about OS you would choose from if your happy then its ok if others arent then its not your problem(If it has nothing to do literally with your job though).; Well that sounds fair enough.lol; -File converting from JPG to PDF is apparently a big hastle for most especially in the case of business were most files arent convertable to such format.But hey thats how it works.Thats their life for apple users were most of the OS user are in the USA.If i were you than just stick to android or perhaps windows in your case as i would recommend though.Their's not much of a big difference actually in my words in any platform if its just all about OS you would choose from if your happy then its ok if others arent then its not your problem(If it has nothing to do literally with your job though).
It is far to essy for the apps to either get deleted or rearranged accidentally..; It is far to essy for the apps to either get deleted or rearranged accidentally..
Anonymous, 01 Apr 2015The sar of iphone6 is highDuhh... SAR doesnt matter, mobile phones have no harmful radiation, the only things SAR can tell us is how stupid some people are to believe a phone can harm anypne and how strong signal the phone has, SAR should be as high as possible, low SAR is an undeniable proof of low transmitting power and poor antenna design.; Duhh... SAR doesnt matter, mobile phones have no harmful radiation, the only things SAR can tell us is how stupid some people are to believe a phone can harm anypne and how strong signal the phone has, SAR should be as high as possible, low SAR is an undeniable proof of low transmitting power and poor antenna design.
The sar of iphone6 is high; The sar of iphone6 is high
Anonymous, 01 Apr 2015You do have a good point and it is not critisism Apple do restrict the user. Spent ages trying... moreYou are are influenced by windows and their proprietary file formats.; You are are influenced by windows and their proprietary file formats.
617, 01 Apr 2015No, I am not, I still want to buy it, but I am used to sending & receiving data on daily b... moreYou do have a good point and it is not critisism Apple do restrict the user. Spent ages trying to get my FLAC files into itunes to find out it does not support it. Same on my Macbook Air,went through hell trying to get some documents to open that would open easily on Windows.
 
 Apple have made their system easy for the masses to use simply, which is good, but made it tricky in for other users who need it to be productive.; You do have a good point and it is not critisism Apple do restrict the user. Spent ages trying to get my FLAC files into itunes to find out it does not support it. Same on my Macbook Air,went through hell trying to get some documents to open that would open easily on Windows.; Apple have made their system easy for the masses to use simply, which is good, but made it tricky in for other users who need it to be productive.
mike, 01 Apr 2015haha the arrogance of Apple is astounding. commanding a premium for for a mid-range phone.. am... moreI agree that it has a annoyingly low res display that ruins the overall experience but all in all it has less disadvantages than droids. Look at xperia Z3 and Htc M9, the higher PPI is pretty much the only good thing about them, and while Galaxys has far better cameras they still place last due to the region lock. There is no great phones out there but iPhones are the lesser evil by a big margin, good PPI and better camera alone doesnt make up for the awful experience droids offer.; I agree that it has a annoyingly low res display that ruins the overall experience but all in all it has less disadvantages than droids. Look at xperia Z3 and Htc M9, the higher PPI is pretty much the only good thing about them, and while Galaxys has far better cameras they still place last due to the region lock. There is no great phones out there but iPhones are the lesser evil by a big margin, good PPI and better camera alone doesnt make up for the awful experience droids offer.
joe sHmoe, 31 Mar 2015Wait werent you just asking for advise if you should proceed to buy an iphone or not? Why so s... moreNo, I am not, I still want to buy it, but I am used to sending & receiving data on daily basis like movies, songs or any work related files. I needs lots of storage capacity with memory card support also to transfer files.
 But I am confused on Apple as its restricts these things & I wont get by work done on the phone. I will still have to keep a spare device with me all the time. And I still want to buy Apple & not to criticize Apple or any OS as both Apple & Android have good competition in market compared to other OS; No, I am not, I still want to buy it, but I am used to sending & receiving data on daily basis like movies, songs or any work related files. I needs lots of storage capacity with memory card support also to transfer files.; But I am confused on Apple as its restricts these things & I wont get by work done on the phone. I will still have to keep a spare device with me all the time. And I still want to buy Apple & not to criticize Apple or any OS as both Apple & Android have good competition in market compared to other OS
Mo, 01 Apr 2015WOW!! The brain power on the comments amaze me!!! Apple makes their own CPU's with Taiwan Semi... moreObviously you are easily amassed . Probably you are amazed from Iphone too nevertheless that there's noting amazing about it, but that goes for most of the apple fans. This year 60% of A8 wasn't made by Samsung but previous they made all of tem and the next one probably will be the same so go and read more. Truly amazing thing here is how satisfied, heavenly happy iphone users are when Apple give them the same camera from IP4, that tiny low resolution display, smal battery which with heavy usage you manage to use the phone5-6 hours, 1.2mp selfie camera(really) that restricted OS and no proper multitasking (which is next to imposible with 1gb ram).That's is realy amazing.; Obviously you are easily amassed . Probably you are amazed from Iphone too nevertheless that there's noting amazing about it, but that goes for most of the apple fans. This year 60% of A8 wasn't made by Samsung but previous they made all of tem and the next one probably will be the same so go and read more. Truly amazing thing here is how satisfied, heavenly happy iphone users are when Apple give them the same camera from IP4, that tiny low resolution display, smal battery which with heavy usage you manage to use the phone5-6 hours, 1.2mp selfie camera(really) that restricted OS and no proper multitasking (which is next to imposible with 1gb ram).That's is realy amazing.
Duel, 31 Mar 2015This why iPhone is so fast, it single cores performance is even better than S6 edge "P... moreMost apps are single core so no need for all this quadcore stupidity.; Most apps are single core so no need for all this quadcore stupidity.
Compared to current flagships, the screen is truly awful, grainy to the point of a pactical joke; Compared to current flagships, the screen is truly awful, grainy to the point of a pactical joke
haha the arrogance of Apple is astounding. commanding a premium for for a mid-range phone.. among its many flaws we have poor build quality and a low-res 326 ppi display. Buyer beware!; haha the arrogance of Apple is astounding. commanding a premium for for a mid-range phone.. among its many flaws we have poor build quality and a low-res 326 ppi display. Buyer beware!
Mo, 01 Apr 2015WOW!! The brain power on the comments amaze me!!! Apple makes their own CPU's with Taiwan Semi... moreSamsung didn't made the A8 chip.Only this year it was by TSMC while A7 was made by samsung and so will be A9.That's the FACT !!!!!; Samsung didn't made the A8 chip.Only this year it was by TSMC while A7 was made by samsung and so will be A9.That's the FACT !!!!!
d148l0, 31 Mar 2015already tried your iOs8/iPhone 6. Clearly not a crap, but not better :) the only thing I'm ... moreCompletely false comment from a non Apple user ,
 Apple AppStore has lots of good qualityfree audio video downloaders and browsers eg:idownloader ,private browser ,Mercury browser ,tube video .
 There is lots of trolls like you ,never touched any iOS device ,that is sure .; Completely false comment from a non Apple user ,; Apple AppStore has lots of good qualityfree audio video downloaders and browsers eg:idownloader ,private browser ,Mercury browser ,tube video .; There is lots of trolls like you ,never touched any iOS device ,that is sure .
WOW!! The brain power on the comments amaze me!!! Apple makes their own CPU's with Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (TSMC).
 
 Samsung does not make Apple's Cpu's FACT!!; WOW!! The brain power on the comments amaze me!!! Apple makes their own CPU's with Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (TSMC).; Samsung does not make Apple's Cpu's FACT!!
Duel, 31 Mar 2015You are replying to sta-ko its a troll, so just ignore him and let the moderators remove his c... moreThat "trol" beat you in this argument every time and live you whit noting to say. That's s why when i write some true you are keeping silent.... Noting to say!; That "trol" beat you in this argument every time and live you whit noting to say. That's s why when i write some true you are keeping silent.... Noting to say!
Duel, 31 Mar 2015This why iPhone is so fast, it single cores performance is even better than S6 edge "P... moreWhy are you even posting those brags when you have never even tried them, just quoting something that you red. You have iPhone 5s. And so you know and you propobly red that.. IPhone processors are made by Samsung. How many times I have to explain to you why iPhone work so disent. Because of the restricted, just short cut IOS and that's the only Apple product in that phone.Basicly you are comparing Samsung with Samsung because moust of the iPhone parts are made by them (Vram, flash drive, processor)Its just funny.; Why are you even posting those brags when you have never even tried them, just quoting something that you red. You have iPhone 5s. And so you know and you propobly red that.. IPhone processors are made by Samsung. How many times I have to explain to you why iPhone work so disent. Because of the restricted, just short cut IOS and that's the only Apple product in that phone.Basicly you are comparing Samsung with Samsung because moust of the iPhone parts are made by them (Vram, flash drive, processor)Its just funny.
kipson, 31 Mar 2015i phone 6 screen 750x1334 pixels(326 ppi density)is not a full HD screen. Other company provi... moreFirstly you use any Apple products. After using, you can easily understand.; Firstly you use any Apple products. After using, you can easily understand.
This why iPhone is so fast, it single cores performance is even better than S6 edge
 
 "Performance from Samsung's octa-core Exynos 7420 was found to be "wicked," easily besting the multi-core benchmark scores of its competitors, though Apple's A8 did gain a slight advantage in single-core benchmarks. "
 
 And devices most times uses only two cores. Thats why iPhone is so fast in everyday use.; This why iPhone is so fast, it single cores performance is even better than S6 edge; "Performance from Samsung's octa-core Exynos 7420 was found to be "wicked," easily besting the multi-core benchmark scores of its competitors, though Apple's A8 did gain a slight advantage in single-core benchmarks. "; And devices most times uses only two cores. Thats why iPhone is so fast in everyday use.
617, 31 Mar 2015My friend bought a new Apple phone & he is very happy Now my friend clicks selfies in mir... moreWait werent you just asking for advise if you should proceed to buy an iphone or not? Why so sarcastic now?; Wait werent you just asking for advise if you should proceed to buy an iphone or not? Why so sarcastic now?
Duel, 30 Mar 2015New upcoming silent hill style horror game really shows the power of iOS devices and Apple MET... moreYou have to consider that the developer might just have made the game run smoother on that specific platform/OS compared to the others. :/; You have to consider that the developer might just have made the game run smoother on that specific platform/OS compared to the others. :/
[deleted post]Thats what LEGAL means, yes. Arent you Captain Obvious or what?; Thats what LEGAL means, yes. Arent you Captain Obvious or what?
Anonymous, 31 Mar 2015Of course. You think movie no need money to produce??? Always piracy, always free. Its b... moreYou are replying to sta-ko its a troll, so just ignore him and let the moderators remove his comment like they have been doing whole week. he trying to hide behind anonymous name, but it doesnt help.; You are replying to sta-ko its a troll, so just ignore him and let the moderators remove his comment like they have been doing whole week. he trying to hide behind anonymous name, but it doesnt help.
[deleted post]Of course. You think movie no need money to produce???
 
 Always piracy, always free.
 
 Its because of that thinking, android get tons of malware and developers do not update android apps. Everything is iOS first, because people value media creators, and game creators, and are willing to support them.
 
 Because if they cannot earn money off you directly, they resort to taking your personal information and sell that for money.; Of course. You think movie no need money to produce???; Always piracy, always free.; Its because of that thinking, android get tons of malware and developers do not update android apps. Everything is iOS first, because people value media creators, and game creators, and are willing to support them.; Because if they cannot earn money off you directly, they resort to taking your personal information and sell that for money.
kipson, 31 Mar 2015i phone 6 screen 750x1334 pixels(326 ppi density)is not a full HD screen. Other company provi... more"other company provide 2 to 3 ghz. 4 to 8 core processor, but apple provide only 1.4 ghz processor."
 
 How pathetic those android devices would look like if Apple would use 8 core processor when with dual core iPhone 6 is already as fast as galaxy S6 edge with quad core.
 
 Or maybe it's just that quad core doesn't make much of difference, or would you think iPhone 6 with S6 hardware would be like 4 times faster than S6? I Dont, it's just different approach from Apple and it clearly works very well, they put lot of effort for those invidual cores and optimization instead adding more cores.; "other company provide 2 to 3 ghz. 4 to 8 core processor, but apple provide only 1.4 ghz processor."; How pathetic those android devices would look like if Apple would use 8 core processor when with dual core iPhone 6 is already as fast as galaxy S6 edge with quad core.; Or maybe it's just that quad core doesn't make much of difference, or would you think iPhone 6 with S6 hardware would be like 4 times faster than S6? I Dont, it's just different approach from Apple and it clearly works very well, they put lot of effort for those invidual cores and optimization instead adding more cores.
iphone 6s how many days apple fans we have wait we need 2GBram 16mp pixels PPi 1440 x 2560 pixels scree size 5.2 Corning Gorilla Glass 4 and 3200 mAh battery how people pay the price please do better we need next one; iphone 6s how many days apple fans we have wait we need 2GBram 16mp pixels PPi 1440 x 2560 pixels scree size 5.2 Corning Gorilla Glass 4 and 3200 mAh battery how people pay the price please do better we need next one
d148l0, 31 Mar 2015already tried your iOs8/iPhone 6. Clearly not a crap, but not better :) the only thing I'm ... more"I'm not saying I have the best phone... I just don't understand why I should (or anyone should) have an iPhone twice the price of (for example) an Xperia Z with the same functions"
 
 Isn't that very obviously? Because of the iOS and iOS ecosystem.; "I'm not saying I have the best phone... I just don't understand why I should (or anyone should) have an iPhone twice the price of (for example) an Xperia Z with the same functions"; Isn't that very obviously? Because of the iOS and iOS ecosystem.
617, 31 Mar 2015My friend bought a new Apple phone & he is very happy Now my friend clicks selfies in mir... moreWow, great ignorance, bombastic opinions on something you know nothing about. Like movies, most of them are only available on iPhones, the countries i live in both have no movies or series in googles stores but iTunes have enough to watch in many lifetimes. Theres no legal way to watch movies on Android in most of the world. Enjoy your torrents on your micromax and leave the rest of us alone knowing we dont envy your pitiful excuse for a life.; Wow, great ignorance, bombastic opinions on something you know nothing about. Like movies, most of them are only available on iPhones, the countries i live in both have no movies or series in googles stores but iTunes have enough to watch in many lifetimes. Theres no legal way to watch movies on Android in most of the world. Enjoy your torrents on your micromax and leave the rest of us alone knowing we dont envy your pitiful excuse for a life.
Kunjumon, 25 Mar 2015I'd like to ask to the iFans: 1-What are you doing with your android ?nothing ,it only has ... morealready tried your iOs8/iPhone 6. 
 Clearly not a crap, but not better :)
 the only thing I'm ok with your post is poor viewing angle... but then I'm not sure we both look at our phone the same angle...
 
 I'm not saying I have the best phone... I just don't understand why I should (or anyone should) have an iPhone twice the price of (for example) an Xperia Z with the same functions
 
 and I'd add: no torrent, no free downloads, no free music/video, no file sharing...
 
 we're IRL, not in i-World. When people want to break frontiers, you build i-Walls....; already tried your iOs8/iPhone 6.; Clearly not a crap, but not better :); the only thing I'm ok with your post is poor viewing angle... but then I'm not sure we both look at our phone the same angle...; I'm not saying I have the best phone... I just don't understand why I should (or anyone should) have an iPhone twice the price of (for example) an Xperia Z with the same functions; and I'd add: no torrent, no free downloads, no free music/video, no file sharing...; we're IRL, not in i-World. When people want to break frontiers, you build i-Walls....
My friend bought a new Apple phone & he is very happy
 Now my friend clicks selfies in mirror to show off the Apple logo & he is very happy
 He paid a very high price for the phone & using the same stuff that he did on other OS phones like calling, messaging, camera, songs, internet etc & he is very happy
 Now my friend cannot send or receive songs & movies but he is very happy
 Now my friend cannot watch movies on his Apple phone & has to keep a seperate device to watch movies but he is very happy
 Now my friend cannot insert a memory card to get some additional free stuff as Apple doesnt allow it & wants its users to pay for the limited stuff it has in Apps store but he is very happy
 Now my friend cannot get free downloads from 3rd party sites but he is very happy
 Now he pays for every song to download & he is very happy
 Now my friend sit alone admiring his Apple phone & waiting to compare his phones with other phones including Apple phones & he is very happy; My friend bought a new Apple phone & he is very happy; Now my friend clicks selfies in mirror to show off the Apple logo & he is very happy; He paid a very high price for the phone & using the same stuff that he did on other OS phones like calling, messaging, camera, songs, internet etc & he is very happy; Now my friend cannot send or receive songs & movies but he is very happy; Now my friend cannot watch movies on his Apple phone & has to keep a seperate device to watch movies but he is very happy; Now my friend cannot insert a memory card to get some additional free stuff as Apple doesnt allow it & wants its users to pay for the limited stuff it has in Apps store but he is very happy; Now my friend cannot get free downloads from 3rd party sites but he is very happy; Now he pays for every song to download & he is very happy; Now my friend sit alone admiring his Apple phone & waiting to compare his phones with other phones including Apple phones & he is very happy
shado, 31 Mar 2015i think itz best n itz iphone 6 apple or samsung galaxy both r gud i think i will buy itwhy; why
kipson, 31 Mar 2015i phone 6 screen 750x1334 pixels(326 ppi density)is not a full HD screen. Other company provi... moreAmount of RAM isnt important, Windows 7 runs like garbage on 1GB while some Linux distros runs like champs on 256MB and gets really fast already on 384MB. Better OS but manages with 6 times less RAM.; Amount of RAM isnt important, Windows 7 runs like garbage on 1GB while some Linux distros runs like champs on 256MB and gets really fast already on 384MB. Better OS but manages with 6 times less RAM.
i phone 6 screen 750x1334 pixels(326 ppi density)is not a full HD screen.
 Other company provide 3 to 4 gb ram but apple provide last 3 years only 1gb ram.
 other company provide 2 to 3 ghz. 4 to 8 core processor, but apple provide only 1.4 ghz processor. APPLE ONLY IMPROVE PRICE OTHERWISE NOTHING....
 only improve design & price THIS SAME SPECIFICATION PHONE XIAOMI PROVIDE ONLY RS.7000 only... please don't bay..; i phone 6 screen 750x1334 pixels(326 ppi density)is not a full HD screen.; Other company provide 3 to 4 gb ram but apple provide last 3 years only 1gb ram.; other company provide 2 to 3 ghz. 4 to 8 core processor, but apple provide only 1.4 ghz processor. APPLE ONLY IMPROVE PRICE OTHERWISE NOTHING....; only improve design & price THIS SAME SPECIFICATION PHONE XIAOMI PROVIDE ONLY RS.7000 only... please don't bay..
[deleted post]So your friend bought and sold it, and preorder s6...very logical indeed. Both are very high priced. 
 
 If he is rich, he might as well keep both. If he's not rich, its a very illogical decision.
 
 Is your friend by any chance... Pear? :)
 
 Better not trust his words, trust your own eyes, go and test one out.; So your friend bought and sold it, and preorder s6...very logical indeed. Both are very high priced.; If he is rich, he might as well keep both. If he's not rich, its a very illogical decision.; Is your friend by any chance... Pear? :); Better not trust his words, trust your own eyes, go and test one out.
this is the best; this is the best
Iphone 6 is the best; Iphone 6 is the best
Dark's Eye, 30 Mar 2015iPhone should be in 4" display.It's perfect size for mobile.Hope iPhone will be back soon... moreI agree.; I agree.
very low specs for a phone released in 2014. 750p screen? really. dual core processor? only 1 gigabyte of ram????? only an 8 megapixel camera?????????? step up your game apple!!!; very low specs for a phone released in 2014. 750p screen? really. dual core processor? only 1 gigabyte of ram????? only an 8 megapixel camera?????????? step up your game apple!!!
i think itz best n itz iphone 6 apple or samsung galaxy both r gud i think i will buy it; i think itz best n itz iphone 6 apple or samsung galaxy both r gud i think i will buy it
New upcoming silent hill style horror game really shows the power of iOS devices and Apple METAL graphics API makes great lightning visuals and it runs so smoothly http://youtu.be/eEeevL4239I 
 
 Interestingly they advertising this game with iOS graphics and not vita or WiiU. Which made many gamers sad like you can read from the trailer comment section :)
 
 And also it comes to iOS lot before than others platforms; New upcoming silent hill style horror game really shows the power of iOS devices and Apple METAL graphics API makes great lightning visuals and it runs so smoothly; Interestingly they advertising this game with iOS graphics and not vita or WiiU. Which made many gamers sad like you can read from the trailer comment section :); And also it comes to iOS lot before than others platforms
Dark's Eye, 30 Mar 2015iPhone should be in 4" display.It's perfect size for mobile.Hope iPhone will be back soon... moreI Hope that too, i really like my iPhone 5S. Its perfect size. When i need big screen i use my iPad, but for me easy one hand usage is important with phone.; I Hope that too, i really like my iPhone 5S. Its perfect size. When i need big screen i use my iPad, but for me easy one hand usage is important with phone.
iPhone should be in 4" display.It's perfect size for mobile.Hope iPhone will be back soon in their previous version.That's why i love iPhone 5s.......'!; iPhone should be in 4" display.It's perfect size for mobile.Hope iPhone will be back soon in their previous version.That's why i love iPhone 5s.......'!
one of the best UI, Touch and looks. iPhone is a delight to use, there are some drawbacks but benefits and comfort of Apple iPhone only a user know it very well. 10/10 for Apple iPhones; one of the best UI, Touch and looks. iPhone is a delight to use, there are some drawbacks but benefits and comfort of Apple iPhone only a user know it very well. 10/10 for Apple iPhones
I love my iPhone 6 so much, iPhone is better jail broken and u will understand the power of iOS 8+. I love Apple gadgets.; I love my iPhone 6 so much, iPhone is better jail broken and u will understand the power of iOS 8+. I love Apple gadgets.
Anonymous, 30 Mar 2015Freedom does not mean you can say anything. You say too extreme or bad words and you step on o... more"Freedom does not mean you can say anything"?
 
 I think you don't understand how freedom works. Stick to iphones x; "Freedom does not mean you can say anything"?; I think you don't understand how freedom works. Stick to iphones x
[deleted post]Freedom does not mean you can say anything. You say too extreme or bad words and you step on other's freedom, you will get your comments removed.
 
 Besides, its freedom to pick any phones we like. Apple or Android.; Freedom does not mean you can say anything. You say too extreme or bad words and you step on other's freedom, you will get your comments removed.; Besides, its freedom to pick any phones we like. Apple or Android.
Iphone 5s is better compare to the iphone 6; Iphone 5s is better compare to the iphone 6
overall experience was good. I'm using my iPhone 6 for a couple of months now but the only regret was i don't have FaceTime because of use versions. second is the battery continuously using while in the office, 4g data, calling, Facebook,,. battery can only up to less than 24 hours,.. thanks to my power bank; overall experience was good. I'm using my iPhone 6 for a couple of months now but the only regret was i don't have FaceTime because of use versions. second is the battery continuously using while in the office, 4g data, calling, Facebook,,. battery can only up to less than 24 hours,.. thanks to my power bank
steve, 29 Mar 2015Hello, i m thinkin to buy ip6 and need to clarify some stuffs if any 1 can help would be awsom... moreno torrent.
 
 Apple ban p2p piracy.
 
 But if you are developer no problem, just write your own code hahaa; no torrent.; Apple ban p2p piracy.; But if you are developer no problem, just write your own code hahaa
hello friends pls suggest me wich one is best 
 apple i 5s 32 gb grey or i 6 16 gb grey; hello friends pls suggest me wich one is best; apple i 5s 32 gb grey or i 6 16 gb grey
Hello, i m thinkin to buy ip6 and need to clarify some stuffs if any 1 can help would be awsome
 I m currently using nexus 5 and pretty frustrated with bugs and sad battery life
 So i m thinking to get ip6
 Questions:
 1. I mostly use facebook whatsapp clash of clans.. How long will clash of clans work without plugged in from 100-0 battery %.
 
 2. Will i be able to download torrent files ( like episodes of gotham etc) in my phone without jailbreak. Or do i have to jb it??; Hello, i m thinkin to buy ip6 and need to clarify some stuffs if any 1 can help would be awsome; I m currently using nexus 5 and pretty frustrated with bugs and sad battery life; So i m thinking to get ip6; Questions:; 1. I mostly use facebook whatsapp clash of clans.. How long will clash of clans work without plugged in from 100-0 battery %.; 2. Will i be able to download torrent files ( like episodes of gotham etc) in my phone without jailbreak. Or do i have to jb it??
max, 29 Mar 2015Frenz, is there any free app or setting through which I can lock various applications like wat... moreYou actually can, but you first need to Jailbreak your iDevice; You actually can, but you first need to Jailbreak your iDevice
Anomynous, 29 Mar 2015How did you calculate that Apple buyers cant afford other phones? I can buy the phone i want, ... moreHe's a troll and a liar, it's just better ignore his comments and wait them to be removed by moderators.
 
 He doesnt have anything to give this section anymore, he just keep trolling here everyday repeating same stuff, it's good that moderators remove his comment because he breaks posting rules. First it was ok, but now it's very boring and sad.; He's a troll and a liar, it's just better ignore his comments and wait them to be removed by moderators.; He doesnt have anything to give this section anymore, he just keep trolling here everyday repeating same stuff, it's good that moderators remove his comment because he breaks posting rules. First it was ok, but now it's very boring and sad.
[deleted post]How did you calculate that Apple buyers cant afford other phones? I can buy the phone i want, off contract for all SIM, and i landed on unlocked iPhone 5s this time, price had nothing to do with that choice and by the way its not cheap anyway.; How did you calculate that Apple buyers cant afford other phones? I can buy the phone i want, off contract for all SIM, and i landed on unlocked iPhone 5s this time, price had nothing to do with that choice and by the way its not cheap anyway.
Posting rules
 
 No bashing - deliberately and repeatedly bashing the same brand
 No trolling - deliberately antagonizing other brand/model users; Posting rules; No bashing - deliberately and repeatedly bashing the same brand; No trolling - deliberately antagonizing other brand/model users
Frenz, is there any free app or setting through which I can lock various applications like watsapp, gallery etc. etc. thanx in advance.; Frenz, is there any free app or setting through which I can lock various applications like watsapp, gallery etc. etc. thanx in advance.
617, 27 Mar 2015Planning to buy this phone Would like to know if I can share data easily as I did on android.... moreIf you plan to change you have to think of it twice or even more.apple products has a lot of restrictions when it comes to music or video if you're not that technical then you would have to spend a lot for some decent intertainment.But service is good though real time answers and resolutions to an issue about payments.but then again when it comes to file transfer's since your a previos android owner converting files and transfering then is time consuming at first.But i can say its worth it in the long shot.Oww and tip read the terms and conditions first from the prompts from it if you continue to buy one.; If you plan to change you have to think of it twice or even more.apple products has a lot of restrictions when it comes to music or video if you're not that technical then you would have to spend a lot for some decent intertainment.But service is good though real time answers and resolutions to an issue about payments.but then again when it comes to file transfer's since your a previos android owner converting files and transfering then is time consuming at first.But i can say its worth it in the long shot.Oww and tip read the terms and conditions first from the prompts from it if you continue to buy one.
Anomynous, 28 Mar 2015Thats how it works, the only problem here is that your roommate connect his iphone to the comp... moreActually i had a similar glitch with my iphone 4.
 App store displays that theirs an update required for one of the apps and when i open it no updates were required and when i checked the app that the message showed requires an update it would ask for the password then doesnt do anything but just opens the app.And when i tried it again the previos owners password was required.when i first got the phone i cleared everything from it and downloaded the apps with my own account.; Actually i had a similar glitch with my iphone 4.; App store displays that theirs an update required for one of the apps and when i open it no updates were required and when i checked the app that the message showed requires an update it would ask for the password then doesnt do anything but just opens the app.And when i tried it again the previos owners password was required.when i first got the phone i cleared everything from it and downloaded the apps with my own account.
Anomynous, 28 Mar 2015Thats how it works, the only problem here is that your roommate connect his iphone to the comp... moreYes. Either you connected with his iTunes (computer)or he connected with your iTunes (computer).
 So it us your fault instead of apple. 
 Android has no comparison with apple.; Yes. Either you connected with his iTunes (computer)or he connected with your iTunes (computer).; So it us your fault instead of apple.; Android has no comparison with apple.
Hard to fault this phone. A bit slippy in hands,, also expensive for memory upgrade that costs Apple only few dollars. Superb phone. Still not keen on design but if you want a stress free smarten it's only choice.; Hard to fault this phone. A bit slippy in hands,, also expensive for memory upgrade that costs Apple only few dollars. Superb phone. Still not keen on design but if you want a stress free smarten it's only choice.
Anomynous, 28 Mar 2015Thats how it works, the only problem here is that your roommate connect his iphone to the comp... moreHow dare you imply that i am "dense": the problem started today; the other issues i was referring to were glitches with IOS 8; and also a voice command glitch that was very annoying; don't go around calling people dense just because you feel like you have to defend this phone even if it has issues, i swear you iSheep are pathetic, do you really think apple and Tim Cook cares about you? If the phone has an issue; it has an issue, nothing is perfect.; How dare you imply that i am "dense": the problem started today; the other issues i was referring to were glitches with IOS 8; and also a voice command glitch that was very annoying; don't go around calling people dense just because you feel like you have to defend this phone even if it has issues, i swear you iSheep are pathetic, do you really think apple and Tim Cook cares about you? If the phone has an issue; it has an issue, nothing is perfect.
new iphone user, 28 Mar 2015After multiple problems dating back to Sept 30th, 2014 and 3 iphone's later me and my roommate... moreThats how it works, the only problem here is that your roommate connect his iphone to the computer running itunes on your computer user name. You cant share itunes on a computer that way, your roomate need his own user account on the computer running itunes under his username and his itunes account. 
 
 User error, and if you had this problem for so long you must be pretty dense!; Thats how it works, the only problem here is that your roommate connect his iphone to the computer running itunes on your computer user name. You cant share itunes on a computer that way, your roomate need his own user account on the computer running itunes under his username and his itunes account.; User error, and if you had this problem for so long you must be pretty dense!
After multiple problems dating back to Sept 30th, 2014 and 3 iphone's later me and my roommate have encountered the worse type of glitch you can imagine!
 
 Basically my roommate gets notification that he has updates for youtube & tumblr; he proceeds to hit click to update; to his big surprise, he gets my itunes account screenname asking for my password!!!! Lets make one thing clear here, when he checks his general settings it shows its under his username, and whenever he went to download any random app, it downloads without asking for a password; also i don't use my roommate's phone and we don't share any info that would cause this issue; bottom line this is completely unacceptable; what kind of phone gets someone's screename and asks for the other person's password? Even though we wont be a part of the "hip" in crowd, we are going back to android, BEWARE: mayor privacy issue with this phone!; After multiple problems dating back to Sept 30th, 2014 and 3 iphone's later me and my roommate have encountered the worse type of glitch you can imagine!; Basically my roommate gets notification that he has updates for youtube & tumblr; he proceeds to hit click to update; to his big surprise, he gets my itunes account screenname asking for my password!!!! Lets make one thing clear here, when he checks his general settings it shows its under his username, and whenever he went to download any random app, it downloads without asking for a password; also i don't use my roommate's phone and we don't share any info that would cause this issue; bottom line this is completely unacceptable; what kind of phone gets someone's screename and asks for the other person's password? Even though we wont be a part of the "hip" in crowd, we are going back to android, BEWARE: mayor privacy issue with this phone!
Duel, 28 Mar 2015"And as i remember you and your buddies was the ones comparing.. iphone 6 with samsung s4... moreAs always reply somting awaaay from the question... How s6 is next genetation from ip6; As always reply somting awaaay from the question... How s6 is next genetation from ip6
WaBBy500, 25 Mar 2015Quality,Durability and uniqness all are in htc too so stop this form factor thing ifans plz it... moreI have used HTC before, have used the Samunsung note 3, have used the blackberry z10....well the applications of iPhone 6 may truly be limited...but got the research I have personally done to IT technicians and sales people who specializes with these smart devices they have all agreed that they seldom receive iPhones for repairs except physically damage!!!With the note 3 was convinced I won't go for any other device until I experienced the iPhone 6...the video on you tube and the network coverage empowered by the two inbuilt antanaes and the battery reliability stole my heart....the killing fact of them all is the love of the brand,world recognition empowered by every movie you watch advertises Apple .....obviously you feel on top of of the cloud and feel welcomed in every corner of the world with an apple brand......the rest we compromise and turn a deaf ear to android music ......once you fall in love with the apple brand it becomes so inseparable; I have used HTC before, have used the Samunsung note 3, have used the blackberry z10....well the applications of iPhone 6 may truly be limited...but got the research I have personally done to IT technicians and sales people who specializes with these smart devices they have all agreed that they seldom receive iPhones for repairs except physically damage!!!With the note 3 was convinced I won't go for any other device until I experienced the iPhone 6...the video on you tube and the network coverage empowered by the two inbuilt antanaes and the battery reliability stole my heart....the killing fact of them all is the love of the brand,world recognition empowered by every movie you watch advertises Apple .....obviously you feel on top of of the cloud and feel welcomed in every corner of the world with an apple brand......the rest we compromise and turn a deaf ear to android music ......once you fall in love with the apple brand it becomes so inseparable
Duel, 28 Mar 2015Thats true S6 looks very good and promising and it's first android phone ever which i would bu... moreGalaxy S6 demo units has already reached the stores, i tested one yesterday. It feels cheap still and from the front it looks as cheap as S5, and the back looks weird and doesnt remind of any other phone with glass back like Nx4, iphone4 or Xperia Z series. S6 display is also poor, very cold white temp destroying colors and making white look very blue, just annoying.; Galaxy S6 demo units has already reached the stores, i tested one yesterday. It feels cheap still and from the front it looks as cheap as S5, and the back looks weird and doesnt remind of any other phone with glass back like Nx4, iphone4 or Xperia Z series. S6 display is also poor, very cold white temp destroying colors and making white look very blue, just annoying.
Karan., 28 Mar 2015Galaxy S6 is actually Game changer , it's 1st time that Android phone wins against iphone . ... moreThats true S6 looks very good and promising and it's first android phone ever which i would buy too if iPhone wouldn't exist. It's good to see one android company finally stepping into next level so if i someday want to make switch it's not that difficult anymore.
 
 Though, I'm surprised that samsung boys like it so much because six months ago removable battery and memory card was must have features like waterproof phone too ;); Thats true S6 looks very good and promising and it's first android phone ever which i would buy too if iPhone wouldn't exist. It's good to see one android company finally stepping into next level so if i someday want to make switch it's not that difficult anymore.; Though, I'm surprised that samsung boys like it so much because six months ago removable battery and memory card was must have features like waterproof phone too ;)
Sta-ko, 28 Mar 2015Next generation.. why is that.. . And as i remember you and your buddies was the ones comparin... more"And as i remember you and your buddies was the ones comparing.. iphone 6 with samsung s4 and brags how faster it is.."
 
 I definately have never compared iPhone 6 to S4, why would i do that.; "And as i remember you and your buddies was the ones comparing.. iphone 6 with samsung s4 and brags how faster it is.."; I definately have never compared iPhone 6 to S4, why would i do that.
Duel, 28 Mar 2015Blow away? Actually your video shows how fast Apple harware is, galaxy s6 edge is next generat... moreNext generation.. why is that.. . And as i remember you and your buddies was the ones comparing.. iphone 6 with samsung s4 and brags how faster it is.. Both has 64 bit prosesors so how s6 is next henetation?; Next generation.. why is that.. . And as i remember you and your buddies was the ones comparing.. iphone 6 with samsung s4 and brags how faster it is.. Both has 64 bit prosesors so how s6 is next henetation?
Duel, 28 Mar 2015Blow away? Actually your video shows how fast Apple harware is, galaxy s6 edge is next generat... moreGalaxy S6 is actually Game changer , it's 1st time that Android phone wins against iphone .
 
 iphone 5s had defeated all android phones in speed test .
 
 
 So conclusion is - S6 Rocks .; Galaxy S6 is actually Game changer , it's 1st time that Android phone wins against iphone .; iphone 5s had defeated all android phones in speed test .; So conclusion is - S6 Rocks .
Karan., 28 Mar 2015Check out this Speed test , https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=youtu.be&v=zHb6IlmmV... moreBlow away? Actually your video shows how fast Apple harware is, galaxy s6 edge is next generation phone and with all that power it's hardly faster. Only thing which made the difference was that flipboard app, for some reason it took ten second to open, should be lot faster. For every other app iPhone 6 did great.
 
 Nice to see half year old earlier generation phone can keep up with these next gen phones it looks like iPhone 6S again going to be fastest phone this year.; Blow away? Actually your video shows how fast Apple harware is, galaxy s6 edge is next generation phone and with all that power it's hardly faster. Only thing which made the difference was that flipboard app, for some reason it took ten second to open, should be lot faster. For every other app iPhone 6 did great.; Nice to see half year old earlier generation phone can keep up with these next gen phones it looks like iPhone 6S again going to be fastest phone this year.
Karan., 28 Mar 2015Check out this Speed test , https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=youtu.be&v=zHb6IlmmV... moredo you think the speed of S6 now will last long ? ....think.; do you think the speed of S6 now will last long ? ....think.
617, 27 Mar 2015Planning to buy this phone Would like to know if I can share data easily as I did on android.... moredont go for this phone..iphone is full pf restrictions...youcan go for galaxy S6 or Note 4.....everytime you will feel "I CANT" , so go for android; dont go for this phone..iphone is full pf restrictions...youcan go for galaxy S6 or Note 4.....everytime you will feel "I CANT" , so go for android
I dream a phone comes with at least 4mm thin and 3.5 or 4 inch screen size,which company will do that device like that first ? I hope Apple; I dream a phone comes with at least 4mm thin and 3.5 or 4 inch screen size,which company will do that device like that first ? I hope Apple
Duel, 26 Mar 2015"and the majority doesn't like iPhone 6." Majority who buy highend phone actually... moreCheck out this Speed test ,
 
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=youtu.be&a­mp;v=zHb6IlmmV2o 
 
 
 Galaxy S6 Blow away your so called fastest iphone 6; Check out this Speed test ,; Galaxy S6 Blow away your so called fastest iphone 6
low price of apple i phone 6; low price of apple i phone 6
Planning to buy this phone
 Would like to know if I can share data easily as I did on android. I regularly share songs, movies on my android phone but I have heard this phone has lot on restriction around it
 Help; Planning to buy this phone; Would like to know if I can share data easily as I did on android. I regularly share songs, movies on my android phone but I have heard this phone has lot on restriction around it; Help
Duel, 26 Mar 2015"and the majority doesn't like iPhone 6." Majority who buy highend phone actually... moreno; no
ya buddy....same opinion; ya buddy....same opinion
what the lagdroid fans doing here ? on the iPhone 6 page ?; what the lagdroid fans doing here ? on the iPhone 6 page ?
Iam Also using The the iphone 6 so nice; Iam Also using The the iphone 6 so nice
Wasting Time, 26 Mar 2015If what you said is true,then WHY the voting results of iPhone 6 being outperformed by Xperia ... moreZ3 has 1386 votes @ 8.2 - sony fans least volume, others do not care
 iP6 has 2082 votes. @ 5.2 - hit the worse, due to popularity and vs so many droids fans.
 S6 has 1065 votes. @ 7.6 - this is another getting hit by haters.
 M8 has 1712 votes. @ 8.2 - htc fans next in line of volume, others do not care
 S5 has 3237 votes @ 5.9 - hit by haters from sony / htc (+1000), pulled up by the sheer number of Samsung fanboys in 2014 era. 
 Note4 has 2010 votes @ 8.3 - Samsung fans, sony / htc dare not touch, occasional fanboy attack, but all are directed at 5 inchers flagships.
 
 ... Look at that. A phone that is just started preorder has voting results like that? Did people look into the future? And why is the voting volume for iP6 doubled compared to other "popluar" flagships?
 
 Voting has always being proven inaccurate. On top of that, in the past, you do not need to login to vote! It make it worse. Now voting results is only contained with people logging in, unforuntately, most apple fans are not login this website.
 
 GSMArena should make app for all mobile OS, Lock it to only user of phone, then get users to vote via that way, more accurate.; Z3 has 1386 votes @ 8.2 - sony fans least volume, others do not care; iP6 has 2082 votes. @ 5.2 - hit the worse, due to popularity and vs so many droids fans.; S6 has 1065 votes. @ 7.6 - this is another getting hit by haters.; M8 has 1712 votes. @ 8.2 - htc fans next in line of volume, others do not care; S5 has 3237 votes @ 5.9 - hit by haters from sony / htc (+1000), pulled up by the sheer number of Samsung fanboys in 2014 era.; Note4 has 2010 votes @ 8.3 - Samsung fans, sony / htc dare not touch, occasional fanboy attack, but all are directed at 5 inchers flagships.; ... Look at that. A phone that is just started preorder has voting results like that? Did people look into the future? And why is the voting volume for iP6 doubled compared to other "popluar" flagships?; Voting has always being proven inaccurate. On top of that, in the past, you do not need to login to vote! It make it worse. Now voting results is only contained with people logging in, unforuntately, most apple fans are not login this website.; GSMArena should make app for all mobile OS, Lock it to only user of phone, then get users to vote via that way, more accurate.
Wasting Time, 26 Mar 2015If what you said is true,then WHY the voting results of iPhone 6 being outperformed by Xperia ... moreZ3 has 1386 votes @ 8.2; Z3 has 1386 votes @ 8.2
this is a good phone; this is a good phone
Not enough , 26 Mar 2015"Apple users doesnt even care to vote." Judging how often and how aggressive are... more"and the majority doesn't like iPhone 6."
 
 Majority who buy highend phone actually prefer iPhone 6.
 
 And how many different nicknames you need sta-ko?; "and the majority doesn't like iPhone 6."; Majority who buy highend phone actually prefer iPhone 6.; And how many different nicknames you need sta-ko?
"The Apple iPhone 6 is a new device though its basic camera hardware has gotten only incremental improvements since the iPhone 4S." 
 That's a quote of comparison between s6,s5 note4 and iphone 6 on that very site.. read it and see how poor is iphone 6 camera.; "The Apple iPhone 6 is a new device though its basic camera hardware has gotten only incremental improvements since the iPhone 4S."; That's a quote of comparison between s6,s5 note4 and iphone 6 on that very site.. read it and see how poor is iphone 6 camera.
Duel, 26 Mar 2015"If what you said is true,then WHY the voting results of iPhone 6 being outperformed by X... more"Apple users doesnt even care to vote." 
 
 Judging how often and how aggressive are you here.. Sims that actually you care... alot. Actually all is accurate.. and the majority doesn't like iPhone 6.; "Apple users doesnt even care to vote."; Judging how often and how aggressive are you here.. Sims that actually you care... alot. Actually all is accurate.. and the majority doesn't like iPhone 6.
Duel, 26 Mar 2015"If what you said is true,then WHY the voting results of iPhone 6 being outperformed by X... moreIf you are so many should be able to change the score and proof how good is iphone 6..; If you are so many should be able to change the score and proof how good is iphone 6..
Wasting Time, 26 Mar 2015If what you said is true,then WHY the voting results of iPhone 6 being outperformed by Xperia ... more"If what you said is true,then WHY the voting results of iPhone 6 being outperformed by Xperia Z(except for popularity)"
 
 Are you really asking this? Anyone can vote the results, voting results are so low because Apple haters rating them low and Apple users doesnt even care to vote.
 
 And you actually answered your own question. Zperia Z might have high scores because no-one cares about that phone. No-one doesn't care if the vote result for that phone is 1 or 10. But iHaters keep voting all the Apple products down giving them 1. Same happening everytime when new iOS device announced.; "If what you said is true,then WHY the voting results of iPhone 6 being outperformed by Xperia Z(except for popularity)"; Are you really asking this? Anyone can vote the results, voting results are so low because Apple haters rating them low and Apple users doesnt even care to vote.; And you actually answered your own question. Zperia Z might have high scores because no-one cares about that phone. No-one doesn't care if the vote result for that phone is 1 or 10. But iHaters keep voting all the Apple products down giving them 1. Same happening everytime when new iOS device announced.
Anonymous, 26 Mar 2015Be nice dude,we're here to share our comments,not to start a fight.One more thing,android does... moreDon't forgot that this is iPhone 6 user opinion page,not your Xperia or android page .
 People expecting ,user experience from this page ,they don't want you like trolls here .; Don't forgot that this is iPhone 6 user opinion page,not your Xperia or android page .; People expecting ,user experience from this page ,they don't want you like trolls here .
Anonymous, 26 Mar 2015But the truth indicates that Sony Z3 has insane battery life compared to iPhone 6.With the spe... moreYeah yeah.
 
 Specs Specs. My Specs beat your specs. Your specs beat my specs. 
 
 BUT. Specs Are just that, specs. 
 
 WHO is using the specs? You the user? Superman? Batman? Spiderman? NOOO! Its the phone OS that uses the specs.
 
 And besides, you think you know so much about cores / ram / camera MP??? What about the missing things?? How much cache? How much level of caching? Whats the max bandwidth? 32bit ram or 64bit ram? How is the application using the resources? How the Picture taken being processed? I bet you know nuts other then the surface specs! Because i also do not know all!
 
 So summery. Knowing specs and comparing with them is inaccurate, and confuse you. You need to test the phone yourself, SEE IT, TOUCH IT, FEEL IT, HEAR IT, Communicate thru it,your five senses are better then your knowledge of specs.; Yeah yeah.; Specs Specs. My Specs beat your specs. Your specs beat my specs.; BUT. Specs Are just that, specs.; WHO is using the specs? You the user? Superman? Batman? Spiderman? NOOO! Its the phone OS that uses the specs.; And besides, you think you know so much about cores / ram / camera MP??? What about the missing things?? How much cache? How much level of caching? Whats the max bandwidth? 32bit ram or 64bit ram? How is the application using the resources? How the Picture taken being processed? I bet you know nuts other then the surface specs! Because i also do not know all!; So summery. Knowing specs and comparing with them is inaccurate, and confuse you. You need to test the phone yourself, SEE IT, TOUCH IT, FEEL IT, HEAR IT, Communicate thru it,your five senses are better then your knowledge of specs.
Troyxxx, 26 Mar 2015Hi, I just bought a T-Mobile iPhone 6 today. I want to unlock it asap so I can give it to my g... morego on the apple website and unlock it for 20£; go on the apple website and unlock it for 20£
Kunjumon, 24 Mar 2015I already did that ,browsed with my opera browser and enjoyed music from vlc player at the s... moreBe nice dude,we're here to share our comments,not to start a fight.One more thing,android does not lag as you think,at least not now.EVERYTHING have its own pros and cons so stop what you're doing(meaning:constantly talk bad about android and promoting iOS blindly).Surely you haven't used the new flagships that runs on android(recently).Its true the android devices back there lags a lot compared to iPhones,but things will get better when time passes.So please show some respect and learn to accept and appreciate what others think and do,be open minded!AND don't constantly use the name lagdroid,what will you think if someone give your beloved iOS a nickname?For goodness sake learn some manners.; Be nice dude,we're here to share our comments,not to start a fight.One more thing,android does not lag as you think,at least not now.EVERYTHING have its own pros and cons so stop what you're doing(meaning:constantly talk bad about android and promoting iOS blindly).Surely you haven't used the new flagships that runs on android(recently).Its true the android devices back there lags a lot compared to iPhones,but things will get better when time passes.So please show some respect and learn to accept and appreciate what others think and do,be open minded!AND don't constantly use the name lagdroid,what will you think if someone give your beloved iOS a nickname?For goodness sake learn some manners.
Kunjumon, 23 Mar 2015 best in what... actually it is superb.. Perfect screen, good resolution, fantastic cammera.... moreBut the truth indicates that Sony Z3 has insane battery life compared to iPhone 6.With the specs provided by iPhone 6,I think its an overrated midrange phone.Though iPhone 6 has its own gimmicks too(fingerprint sensor for instance,which Z3 lacks).Don't get me wrong,I'm not advertising anything but just sharing the facts.; But the truth indicates that Sony Z3 has insane battery life compared to iPhone 6.With the specs provided by iPhone 6,I think its an overrated midrange phone.Though iPhone 6 has its own gimmicks too(fingerprint sensor for instance,which Z3 lacks).Don't get me wrong,I'm not advertising anything but just sharing the facts.
Pear, 24 Mar 2015Yes, there will be people who will buy it no matter what. I have a colleague who is an Apple f... moreYou're wrong about no one buys Windows because I AM using Windows lol...; You're wrong about no one buys Windows because I AM using Windows lol...
Kunjumon, 25 Mar 2015I'd like to ask to the iFans: 1-What are you doing with your android ?nothing ,it only has ... moreIf what you said is true,then WHY the voting results of iPhone 6 being outperformed by Xperia Z(except for popularity)?Don't get me wrong I'm just commenting based on facts and I'm no big fan of both android or iOS.But still I won't deny that there is some truth in what you said except for android only make phone calls,texting messages,lag like hell(based on what phone you're referring to),etc.; If what you said is true,then WHY the voting results of iPhone 6 being outperformed by Xperia Z(except for popularity)?Don't get me wrong I'm just commenting based on facts and I'm no big fan of both android or iOS.But still I won't deny that there is some truth in what you said except for android only make phone calls,texting messages,lag like hell(based on what phone you're referring to),etc.
Nothing spectacular to talk about poor battery life good camera quick in all segments and overpried; Nothing spectacular to talk about poor battery life good camera quick in all segments and overpried
Kunjumon, 25 Mar 2015I'd like to ask to the iFans: 1-What are you doing with your android ?nothing ,it only has ... moreChill out dude.Neither android nor iOS make phone calls or texting messages,those functions were and are done by phones itself(of course with services provided by telcos).Don't tell me your house phone operates with iOS or Android...; Chill out dude.Neither android nor iOS make phone calls or texting messages,those functions were and are done by phones itself(of course with services provided by telcos).Don't tell me your house phone operates with iOS or Android...
[deleted post]Buy a real iPhone not a fake one.
 Or worst you just have an IMAGINARY iPhone so wake up....; Buy a real iPhone not a fake one.; Or worst you just have an IMAGINARY iPhone so wake up....
Hi, I just bought a T-Mobile iPhone 6 today. I want to unlock it asap so I can give it to my gf as a gift. She is using ATT and Crickets. Why unlocking a T-Mobile iPhone 6 costs $130-$160? Why so much? Any other options? Thanks; Hi, I just bought a T-Mobile iPhone 6 today. I want to unlock it asap so I can give it to my gf as a gift. She is using ATT and Crickets. Why unlocking a T-Mobile iPhone 6 costs $130-$160? Why so much? Any other options? Thanks
I wish that iPhone make a Waterproof phones the next iPhone 7; I wish that iPhone make a Waterproof phones the next iPhone 7
[deleted post]Why does iphones stir up so strong emotions in you? The bitterness, the hurt feelings, what happened to you?; Why does iphones stir up so strong emotions in you? The bitterness, the hurt feelings, what happened to you?
[deleted post]"And even Xiaomi sells more then ipnone ..#1 in a billion people China..."
 
 Next q Apple actually very likely is number one in China
 
 http://gs.statcounter.com/?PHPSESSID=je126oo9m5f­rm6ppijo6v7fhb4&chart_type=line&device_t­ype=mobile&stat_type=vendor&statType_hid­den=vendor&device_hidden=mobile&region=C­hina&region_hidden=CN#mobile_vendor-CN-daily­-20150101-20150325 
 
 IPhone growing so fast in china, looks like xiaomi growth has stopped completely and eveyone else too than Apple who is going up very fast.; "And even Xiaomi sells more then ipnone ..#1 in a billion people China..."; Next q Apple actually very likely is number one in China; IPhone growing so fast in china, looks like xiaomi growth has stopped completely and eveyone else too than Apple who is going up very fast.
Duel, 25 Mar 2015I bought iPhone because it was the best phone for me by far, i bought my first iPhone 2009 and... moreThat statement controversies with all your post till now. All you do till now is to try to proof or convince me and others that iphone is the best, now you say you don't know if it is. (and i thing ones you sad that you both samsung tv becose it makes you secure becose it's the best). All you do till now is to advertise Iphones and trow all kind of sells info to proof how good and even best is iphone, clearly you are the insecure one constantly try to convince others and your self that's worth to give bag fool of money for that overpriced phone. And i'm here to proof you rong and prevent people who work hard to earn that money to make the mistake to buy it. You cant change the facts...Stop lieing people and your self...; That statement controversies with all your post till now. All you do till now is to try to proof or convince me and others that iphone is the best, now you say you don't know if it is. (and i thing ones you sad that you both samsung tv becose it makes you secure becose it's the best). All you do till now is to advertise Iphones and trow all kind of sells info to proof how good and even best is iphone, clearly you are the insecure one constantly try to convince others and your self that's worth to give bag fool of money for that overpriced phone. And i'm here to proof you rong and prevent people who work hard to earn that money to make the mistake to buy it. You cant change the facts...Stop lieing people and your self...
Duel, 25 Mar 2015I bought iPhone because it was the best phone for me by far, i bought my first iPhone 2009 and... moreWell said bro.; Well said bro.
Kunjumon, 25 Mar 2015Hello wasteBBy 500, you are wasting your time here , I think you don't happy with your htc cra... moreDon't know what he trying to accomplish with all that, but sure i get good laugh everyday :D so sad; Don't know what he trying to accomplish with all that, but sure i get good laugh everyday :D so sad
Kunjumon, 25 Mar 2015Hello wasteBBy 500, you are wasting your time here , I think you don't happy with your htc cra... moreHe is another guy spending way too much time in place where he shouldnt be.
 
 Don't know what he trying to accomplish with all that, but sure i get good laugh everyday :D; He is another guy spending way too much time in place where he shouldnt be.; Don't know what he trying to accomplish with all that, but sure i get good laugh everyday :D
[deleted post]I bought iPhone because it was the best phone for me by far, i bought my first iPhone 2009 and it was like from different planet comparing to others phones then. Then i bought iPad 3 and then iPad Air and last time i bought Apple TV. I have nothing major bad thing to say about any of those devices. I dont know if they are best or what, really don't care they are offering me great experience and unified great experience with great ecosystem. If someday i get bored with iOS and Apple i buy something else. So far it haven't happened so im more than happy what i have. Clearly you arent with your choice becaude you are here every day. Looks like you are the insecure one here ;) do you see me commenting galaxy s6 comment section? Or any other phe section than IPhone. No? Why? Because i dont need to try to prove anything like you clearly need.
 
 Be happy with what you have and let others be too with their choices; I bought iPhone because it was the best phone for me by far, i bought my first iPhone 2009 and it was like from different planet comparing to others phones then. Then i bought iPad 3 and then iPad Air and last time i bought Apple TV. I have nothing major bad thing to say about any of those devices. I dont know if they are best or what, really don't care they are offering me great experience and unified great experience with great ecosystem. If someday i get bored with iOS and Apple i buy something else. So far it haven't happened so im more than happy what i have. Clearly you arent with your choice becaude you are here every day. Looks like you are the insecure one here ;) do you see me commenting galaxy s6 comment section? Or any other phe section than IPhone. No? Why? Because i dont need to try to prove anything like you clearly need.; Be happy with what you have and let others be too with their choices
[deleted post]Hello wasteBBy 500, you are wasting your time here , I think you don't happy with your htc crap ,that's why you always moaning here and commenting against iPhone .; Hello wasteBBy 500, you are wasting your time here , I think you don't happy with your htc crap ,that's why you always moaning here and commenting against iPhone .
Adarsh Pandey, 25 Mar 2015dude iphone has IOS operating system nd is best among any other operatring system so just shut... moreIt's not x; It's not x
Guys, shut the hell up and stop taking shots at iphone users.. Lets look at the sales folks... They are selling, and having owed almost every model of HTC 2007-2015 I tried the iphone 6 and am very happy to say I am more than satified with it... 
 
 To each their own... Learn some respect children; Guys, shut the hell up and stop taking shots at iphone users.. Lets look at the sales folks... They are selling, and having owed almost every model of HTC 2007-2015 I tried the iphone 6 and am very happy to say I am more than satified with it...; To each their own... Learn some respect children
Can anyone tell me how much time does iPhone 6, iPhone 6 plus, iPhone 5s take to launch camera app????; Can anyone tell me how much time does iPhone 6, iPhone 6 plus, iPhone 5s take to launch camera app????
[deleted post]Your name is really irritating in this iPhone 6 user opinion page ,iOS is not like your half backed operating system (android ).lollipop or banana cake it will lag like hell .it really deserve that name 'lag droid '.NB: my brother has a s5 and it has slowness and lag after lollipop update.; Your name is really irritating in this iPhone 6 user opinion page ,iOS is not like your half backed operating system (android ).lollipop or banana cake it will lag like hell .it really deserve that name 'lag droid '.NB: my brother has a s5 and it has slowness and lag after lollipop update.
WaBBy500, 25 Mar 2015Quality,Durability and uniqness all are in htc too so stop this form factor thing ifans plz it... moredude iphone has IOS operating system nd is best among any other operatring system so just shut your mouth nd never compare with it with HTC; dude iphone has IOS operating system nd is best among any other operatring system so just shut your mouth nd never compare with it with HTC
d148l0, 25 Mar 2015I'd like to ask to the iFans: 1-What are you doing with your iPhone? 1-1. Same thing as Sa... moreI'd like to ask to the iFans:
 
 1-What are you doing with your android ?nothing ,it only has one feature, that is lag.it at least need a 100gb ram and 50 core processor for calling and texting.
 1-1. Same thing as Samsung or Sony or other brand user do or something else? So I guess you need maximum performances and innovation.
 1-2. Just calling and texting like android ? No , iOS is good for multimedia ,browsing ,gaming ,also it has a great camera and nice other features.ios 8 is awesome .
 
 2-What do you expect from android ?i want more ram and powerful processor ,but I know that won't help me .but I want to show it to iPhone users.
 2-1. Elegance?yes iPhone 6 is looking superb ,and feeling good in hand .
 2-2. iPhone 6 is Tough? OK I agreed.
 2-3. Never-force stopping apps for android ? No chance .
 
 Personnally, I used a Xperia Z. Here we go.....
 1 Xperia z have a bad display (poor viewing angles ,washed out colours)
 2. Bad camera (13 mp jock )
 3. Out dated processor 
 4 crap audio quality .
 5.poor front cam .; I'd like to ask to the iFans:; 1-What are you doing with your android ?nothing ,it only has one feature, that is lag.it at least need a 100gb ram and 50 core processor for calling and texting.; 1-1. Same thing as Samsung or Sony or other brand user do or something else? So I guess you need maximum performances and innovation.; 1-2. Just calling and texting like android ? No , iOS is good for multimedia ,browsing ,gaming ,also it has a great camera and nice other features.ios 8 is awesome .; 2-What do you expect from android ?i want more ram and powerful processor ,but I know that won't help me .but I want to show it to iPhone users.; 2-1. Elegance?yes iPhone 6 is looking superb ,and feeling good in hand .; 2-2. iPhone 6 is Tough? OK I agreed.; 2-3. Never-force stopping apps for android ? No chance .; Personnally, I used a Xperia Z. Here we go.....; 1 Xperia z have a bad display (poor viewing angles ,washed out colours); 2. Bad camera (13 mp jock ); 3. Out dated processor; 4 crap audio quality .; 5.poor front cam .
In ur Land their is an Old proverb,"at times touching mud, turns it into Gold" otherwise nothing special,how can analyst theory goes wrong. Always one model a year will go hit, why! Has to come down and recap circle of a decade.By your actions Sammy has tried to surpass in prices. It has to break now or never&#128591;; In ur Land their is an Old proverb,"at times touching mud, turns it into Gold" otherwise nothing special,how can analyst theory goes wrong. Always one model a year will go hit, why! Has to come down and recap circle of a decade.By your actions Sammy has tried to surpass in prices. It has to break now or never&#128591;
d148l0, 25 Mar 2015I'd like to ask to the iFans: 1-What are you doing with your iPhone? 1-1. Same thing as Sa... moreDid you just use logic and arguments? Logic?? What is this sorcery?
 
 I fully agree btw. I have yet to hear one good argument pro-iphone! Not the 'i just like it' or 'it does not crash or lag' (neither do any android flagship phone released in the last 2 years) or 'it's just unique and beautiful' (it's not and that's subjective)
 
 It is one boring generic phone that works reasonably well. Nothing interesting to see here. That's all...; Did you just use logic and arguments? Logic?? What is this sorcery?; I fully agree btw. I have yet to hear one good argument pro-iphone! Not the 'i just like it' or 'it does not crash or lag' (neither do any android flagship phone released in the last 2 years) or 'it's just unique and beautiful' (it's not and that's subjective); It is one boring generic phone that works reasonably well. Nothing interesting to see here. That's all...
oops I forgot: USB-host...
 same question: why should I buy an iPhone 6 twice the price?; oops I forgot: USB-host...; same question: why should I buy an iPhone 6 twice the price?
I'd like to ask to the iFans:
 
 1-What are you doing with your iPhone?
 1-1. Same thing as Samsung or Sony or other brand user do or something else? So I guess you need minimum performances and innovation.
 1-2. Just calling and texting? All right, you can also do it with a Nokia 3210.
 
 2-What do you expect from this phone?
 2-1. Elegance? Okay, why don't you buy a Vertu phone? You'll have an expensive high-end phone, built with expensive materials
 2-2. Toughness? OK, buy MTT brand phones!
 2-3. Never-crashing apps? You'll have some in the Play store at the same prices as on iPhone
 2-4. Making you unique? Go to see a psychologist, he'll help you better at the same price
 
 Personnally, I have a Xperia Z. Multi-function, ultra responsive, great (for me) camera, Full HD screen, IP57, great underwater pics, multiple FREE HD games, never crashing OS, perfect sound, perfect design (all glass body), can help to play playstation games, can be connected to my TV and display pics or movies... What could I expect more? I got it half the iPhone 6 price. Why should I buy iPhone x?; I'd like to ask to the iFans:; 1-What are you doing with your iPhone?; 1-1. Same thing as Samsung or Sony or other brand user do or something else? So I guess you need minimum performances and innovation.; 1-2. Just calling and texting? All right, you can also do it with a Nokia 3210.; 2-What do you expect from this phone?; 2-1. Elegance? Okay, why don't you buy a Vertu phone? You'll have an expensive high-end phone, built with expensive materials; 2-2. Toughness? OK, buy MTT brand phones!; 2-3. Never-crashing apps? You'll have some in the Play store at the same prices as on iPhone; 2-4. Making you unique? Go to see a psychologist, he'll help you better at the same price; Personnally, I have a Xperia Z. Multi-function, ultra responsive, great (for me) camera, Full HD screen, IP57, great underwater pics, multiple FREE HD games, never crashing OS, perfect sound, perfect design (all glass body), can help to play playstation games, can be connected to my TV and display pics or movies... What could I expect more? I got it half the iPhone 6 price. Why should I buy iPhone x?
WaBBy500, 25 Mar 2015Quality,Durability and uniqness all are in htc too so stop this form factor thing ifans plz it... moreOh we did say everything but what you said about your phone huh? only bunch of lies; Oh we did say everything but what you said about your phone huh? only bunch of lies
[deleted post]People are in love, and thus comment on this page.
 
 You in the other hand is full of hate. Yet you still want to say here.. why not save your brain cells from dying by visiting other phones?; People are in love, and thus comment on this page.; You in the other hand is full of hate. Yet you still want to say here.. why not save your brain cells from dying by visiting other phones?
iPhone is the best and you know it. 
 
 Look man, look, haters throw tons of phones at iPhone. Cheap ones, expensive ones, budget ones, high specs ones, low specs ones, Samsung / HTC / LG / Moto / Xiaomi / Asus / Sony just to name a few. 
 
 Its just like the story of Goldilocks and the three bears. iPhone is just right :); iPhone is the best and you know it.; Look man, look, haters throw tons of phones at iPhone. Cheap ones, expensive ones, budget ones, high specs ones, low specs ones, Samsung / HTC / LG / Moto / Xiaomi / Asus / Sony just to name a few.; Its just like the story of Goldilocks and the three bears. iPhone is just right :)
Pastor TB, 25 Mar 2015Well,my independent opinion is that iPhone 6 is the good design comparing to previous iPhones ... moreQuality,Durability and uniqness all are in htc too so stop this form factor thing ifans plz its getting really boring now,you have nothing new to say.; Quality,Durability and uniqness all are in htc too so stop this form factor thing ifans plz its getting really boring now,you have nothing new to say.
Is there a notification led on iphone 6 ???; Is there a notification led on iphone 6 ???
Duel, 24 Mar 2015"only Samsung sells more than apple.." I thought we were talking about highend FL... moreI see only problem with other brands is way too many phones "samsung", idea stealing, overpowering , fanboys, and"inovation" WHY DO YOU NEED AN INNOVATION FOR A PERFECT PHONE??? I mean cmon "LG rummored to have an 3k display" WHY? So you could loose battery qucker?? iphone stays in the middle and sticks with elegance, design and simplicity thats why there is just something about it, it was the first in the buissnes and it is the best because it knows what people want not just overpowerd specs. It does not need a beast of a proccesor if IOS is working perfectly and can do multitasking without high specs. unlike samsung "Samsungs touch ID can now rival those of Apple by preccison" yea but it still sucks because people at samsung are not so skilled at programing. im not an apple fanboy, im a win; I see only problem with other brands is way too many phones "samsung", idea stealing, overpowering , fanboys, and"inovation" WHY DO YOU NEED AN INNOVATION FOR A PERFECT PHONE??? I mean cmon "LG rummored to have an 3k display" WHY? So you could loose battery qucker?? iphone stays in the middle and sticks with elegance, design and simplicity thats why there is just something about it, it was the first in the buissnes and it is the best because it knows what people want not just overpowerd specs. It does not need a beast of a proccesor if IOS is working perfectly and can do multitasking without high specs. unlike samsung "Samsungs touch ID can now rival those of Apple by preccison" yea but it still sucks because people at samsung are not so skilled at programing. im not an apple fanboy, im a win
Anonymous, 24 Mar 2015since ive started using this phone ;screen got scraches n also media playing is not so good ;n... moreWell,my independent opinion is that iPhone 6 is the good design comparing to previous iPhones and with an option of 6 plus and that gives a choice to choose a one hand device or two hand device of one brand!! I can say riding Samsung can be same as as BMW through with iPhone is same as Mercedes.Android is more user friendly and popular comparing to iOS!!Iphone is hassle free in terms of technical faults comparing to iPhone!!Quality,durability,sense of status and uniqueness is what makes us iPhone users to be distinguished amongst most.....well am not a stereotype am still open for other opinions; Well,my independent opinion is that iPhone 6 is the good design comparing to previous iPhones and with an option of 6 plus and that gives a choice to choose a one hand device or two hand device of one brand!! I can say riding Samsung can be same as as BMW through with iPhone is same as Mercedes.Android is more user friendly and popular comparing to iOS!!Iphone is hassle free in terms of technical faults comparing to iPhone!!Quality,durability,sense of status and uniqueness is what makes us iPhone users to be distinguished amongst most.....well am not a stereotype am still open for other opinions
Sta-ko, 24 Mar 2015First of all.. . are you dump... or what.. only Samsung sells more than apple.. And second i d... more"only Samsung sells more than apple.."
 
 I thought we were talking about highend FLAGSHIP models? 
 
 "compare all androud flagship sells to thouse of Apple and you will see the truth that it is drop in the osean,and generally people prefer android."
 
 Last q Apple sold around 60 millions iPhone 6/6+ samsung sold around 15 million s5 and note.
 
 So not sure what you are smoking :D; "only Samsung sells more than apple.."; I thought we were talking about highend FLAGSHIP models?; "compare all androud flagship sells to thouse of Apple and you will see the truth that it is drop in the osean,and generally people prefer android."; Last q Apple sold around 60 millions iPhone 6/6+ samsung sold around 15 million s5 and note.; So not sure what you are smoking :D
Anonymous, 29 Jan 2015I'm a light user but not a total non user. . I use it for music, phone calls I check it's ema... moreTell me wat app do we use for sharing music coz fortunately we can't use the original Bluetooth to share; Tell me wat app do we use for sharing music coz fortunately we can't use the original Bluetooth to share
Duel, 24 Mar 2015"there is already a 30 or more brands in the world offering some android flagships if you... moreFirst of all.. . are you dump... or what.. only Samsung sells more than apple.. And second i don't see the answer to the second part of my question.. typical for you.. can't argue with the true...; First of all.. . are you dump... or what.. only Samsung sells more than apple.. And second i don't see the answer to the second part of my question.. typical for you.. can't argue with the true...
Sta-ko, 24 Mar 2015Are you still advertising Apple. . It's funny to compete sells of Apple.... What are you compa... more"there is already a 30 or more brands in the world offering some android flagships if you want to make a contest compare all androud flagship sells to thouse of Apple and you will see the truth that it is drop in the osean,and generally people prefer android."
 
 Actually if you add every android flagship phones sales together Apple is selling more.
 
 And now with bigger iPhones Apple is fighting for every potential flagship user everytime. So its even harder for those android oems to sell their flagship models.
 
 Android share coming from lowend sales.; "there is already a 30 or more brands in the world offering some android flagships if you want to make a contest compare all androud flagship sells to thouse of Apple and you will see the truth that it is drop in the osean,and generally people prefer android."; Actually if you add every android flagship phones sales together Apple is selling more.; And now with bigger iPhones Apple is fighting for every potential flagship user everytime. So its even harder for those android oems to sell their flagship models.; Android share coming from lowend sales.
Sta-ko, 24 Mar 2015Are you still advertising Apple. . It's funny to compete sells of Apple.... What are you compa... moreAll at the top was addressed to "Duel"; All at the top was addressed to "Duel"
Are you still advertising Apple. . It's funny to compete sells of Apple.... What are you comparing.. . one phone (iphone 6)to what.. there is already a 30 or more brands in the world offering some android flagships if you want to make a contest compare all androud flagship sells to thouse of Apple and you will see the truth that it is drop in the osean,and generally people prefer android. And it sells good becose it's the only phone with IOS and there is a lot lost "simle" people, and people with complexes, snoobs whom both that phone of vanity and low self-esteem becose to have iPhone is really a symbol of wealth in some poor countries. 70%of iPhone holders both it for those reasons, not because it's a good phone. So.. Stop fooling your self and other people in that forum!; Are you still advertising Apple. . It's funny to compete sells of Apple.... What are you comparing.. . one phone (iphone 6)to what.. there is already a 30 or more brands in the world offering some android flagships if you want to make a contest compare all androud flagship sells to thouse of Apple and you will see the truth that it is drop in the osean,and generally people prefer android. And it sells good becose it's the only phone with IOS and there is a lot lost "simle" people, and people with complexes, snoobs whom both that phone of vanity and low self-esteem becose to have iPhone is really a symbol of wealth in some poor countries. 70%of iPhone holders both it for those reasons, not because it's a good phone. So.. Stop fooling your self and other people in that forum!
Pear, 24 Mar 2015Yes, hence why i said what i said. Do you really think that a majority of iphone users, ev... moreThe reason why iPhone sell so well is same why samaung had great times. Its easy an afe choice, so many have them and saying how good it is and you can test it etc. Same goes for samsung phones.
 
 The problem with samsung was their devices didnt meet those expectations and their sales last year was horrible. Otherhand IPhone selling better and better which says people also like the product a lot. So that brand name of course helps but the product has to be great too.
 
 This same works for me in TV business, i bought new very big TV and i chosed samsung because in TV samaung is safe bet for me. If i put 2000e to TV i really dont cant try anything brand which i doesnt know or feel safe.
 
 And this exact reason samaung tv business is doing so well, because samsung is like synonym for TV for most.
 
 Also for this same reason Mac computers doesn't sell even when iOS devices selling like crazy. Mac isn't that easy safe choice in world of windows.; The reason why iPhone sell so well is same why samaung had great times. Its easy an afe choice, so many have them and saying how good it is and you can test it etc. Same goes for samsung phones.; The problem with samsung was their devices didnt meet those expectations and their sales last year was horrible. Otherhand IPhone selling better and better which says people also like the product a lot. So that brand name of course helps but the product has to be great too.; This same works for me in TV business, i bought new very big TV and i chosed samsung because in TV samaung is safe bet for me. If i put 2000e to TV i really dont cant try anything brand which i doesnt know or feel safe.; And this exact reason samaung tv business is doing so well, because samsung is like synonym for TV for most.; Also for this same reason Mac computers doesn't sell even when iOS devices selling like crazy. Mac isn't that easy safe choice in world of windows.
Duel, 24 Mar 2015Normal people doesnt buy lg g3 neither m8 that's why their sales are so bad, so your comment i... moreYes, hence why i said what i said. 
 
 Do you really think that a majority of iphone users, even the "normal people" choose that phone because they have researched the options?
 
 Put your love for the phone aside for a second and think about it. Go to a suburbia school here in the UK, 90% of the teens have iphones. Why? Because it's cool to have one, if you don't have one, you are not part of the pack. Go to China or other developing patriarchal societies where materialism rules. Girls there won't look at you if you don't have the iphone 6, even the iphone 5 is regarded as a symbol of 'being poor'.
 
 Apple have been incredibly smart and know about all this. It's a status symbol. And there's nothing wrong with that. I just wish it would actually do something innovative or interesting for me to buy into it, but it doesn't. So, in the meanwhile, i prefer to stick with phones that are actually amazing and innovative. Even the little "gimmick" that my LG G3 has no buttons on any of the sides at all, is brilliant for me. Every phone i pick up now i inadvertently double tap, forgetting that there is some button somewhere on the sides that i will press on by mistake when watching something...
 
 It's little things like that, that make other brands and phone offer something over the generic smartphone, which the iphone is...it is the best generic smartphone. Well, i don't want to be generic x; Yes, hence why i said what i said.; Do you really think that a majority of iphone users, even the "normal people" choose that phone because they have researched the options?; Put your love for the phone aside for a second and think about it. Go to a suburbia school here in the UK, 90% of the teens have iphones. Why? Because it's cool to have one, if you don't have one, you are not part of the pack. Go to China or other developing patriarchal societies where materialism rules. Girls there won't look at you if you don't have the iphone 6, even the iphone 5 is regarded as a symbol of 'being poor'.; Apple have been incredibly smart and know about all this. It's a status symbol. And there's nothing wrong with that. I just wish it would actually do something innovative or interesting for me to buy into it, but it doesn't. So, in the meanwhile, i prefer to stick with phones that are actually amazing and innovative. Even the little "gimmick" that my LG G3 has no buttons on any of the sides at all, is brilliant for me. Every phone i pick up now i inadvertently double tap, forgetting that there is some button somewhere on the sides that i will press on by mistake when watching something...; It's little things like that, that make other brands and phone offer something over the generic smartphone, which the iphone is...it is the best generic smartphone. Well, i don't want to be generic x
Pear, 24 Mar 2015Yes, there will be people who will buy it no matter what. I have a colleague who is an Apple f... moreNormal people doesnt buy lg g3 neither m8 that's why their sales are so bad, so your comment is irrelevant.
 
 Of course there's lot more normal people and not tech people owning iPhones, because iPhone sales are six times bigger than lg g3 or m8
 
 Most times non tech people are chosing iPhone and samsung phones and they do i for same reason.; Normal people doesnt buy lg g3 neither m8 that's why their sales are so bad, so your comment is irrelevant.; Of course there's lot more normal people and not tech people owning iPhones, because iPhone sales are six times bigger than lg g3 or m8; Most times non tech people are chosing iPhone and samsung phones and they do i for same reason.
Anonymous, 24 Mar 2015Your thought is yourself. You can continue to blame everything else, and stay as confused as e... moreYes, there will be people who will buy it no matter what. I have a colleague who is an Apple fanatic and he says point blank that he will buy the next iphone even if it's worse than the iphone 3gs. 
 
 No one is denying the marketing power of apple and iphones. I own an imac and i like it a lot. Planning to get a 5k retina display one soon. I am one of those rational people who is not owned by one brand and like diversity and innovation. Sadly, when it comes to phones, iphones are not the best. They just aren't.
 
 If you ask most LG G3 or HTC M8 users why they love their phone they will give you a lengthy logical answer, involving display, battery life, innovative features, etc. If you ask the average iphone user why they love their iphone, it is usually "i don't know, there is just something about it".
 
 It's quite simple, iphones have divided the world...the logical and introspective people looking for technological quality get flagship androids and the emotional and impulsive people buying iphones. Nothing wrong with that. One thing is for sure, no one buys Windows :); Yes, there will be people who will buy it no matter what. I have a colleague who is an Apple fanatic and he says point blank that he will buy the next iphone even if it's worse than the iphone 3gs.; No one is denying the marketing power of apple and iphones. I own an imac and i like it a lot. Planning to get a 5k retina display one soon. I am one of those rational people who is not owned by one brand and like diversity and innovation. Sadly, when it comes to phones, iphones are not the best. They just aren't.; If you ask most LG G3 or HTC M8 users why they love their phone they will give you a lengthy logical answer, involving display, battery life, innovative features, etc. If you ask the average iphone user why they love their iphone, it is usually "i don't know, there is just something about it".; It's quite simple, iphones have divided the world...the logical and introspective people looking for technological quality get flagship androids and the emotional and impulsive people buying iphones. Nothing wrong with that. One thing is for sure, no one buys Windows :)
[deleted post]Your thought is yourself. You can continue to blame everything else, and stay as confused as ever.
 
 But trust me. So long as Apple continues to make products with love. It will never go down. There will always be people who will buy it.
 
 A Guy and his iPhone; Your thought is yourself. You can continue to blame everything else, and stay as confused as ever.; But trust me. So long as Apple continues to make products with love. It will never go down. There will always be people who will buy it.; A Guy and his iPhone
[deleted post]“The poll found that about 25 percent of all iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus purchases came from users who are new to the iPhone platform, mostly Android switchers,”
 
 Already around 20 million android switchers in just six months. That guy was exactly right, its hard to explain what is it which always make android users coming back to Apple. I see these people every day who are saying "its nice to come back to home." When they have used android phone for year or two and saying iPhone 6 is best phone they ever have had.
 
 So what that guy talk about love and Apple actually makes a lot sense. Apple devices have that something and it could be very well real passion and love for making these devices and users feeling it too.; “The poll found that about 25 percent of all iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus purchases came from users who are new to the iPhone platform, mostly Android switchers,”; Already around 20 million android switchers in just six months. That guy was exactly right, its hard to explain what is it which always make android users coming back to Apple. I see these people every day who are saying "its nice to come back to home." When they have used android phone for year or two and saying iPhone 6 is best phone they ever have had.; So what that guy talk about love and Apple actually makes a lot sense. Apple devices have that something and it could be very well real passion and love for making these devices and users feeling it too.
I see nothing new in this iphone ios 7 and 8 is the same thing the only thing that is new is nfc and a larger display; I see nothing new in this iphone ios 7 and 8 is the same thing the only thing that is new is nfc and a larger display
Kunjumon, 24 Mar 2015I already did that ,browsed with my opera browser and enjoyed music from vlc player at the s... moreYou child obviously haven't touch nowadays android phone (not your 3 years old samsung S4)so now momy both you iphone and you cant stop braging about it...; You child obviously haven't touch nowadays android phone (not your 3 years old samsung S4)so now momy both you iphone and you cant stop braging about it...
Out of the box, shiny iPhone, in a few touch, it became my good o'ld iPhone that i knew and love before. The old iphone now dead, after transfering it's soul to the new one, lay there beside me. Sadden, but never look back, onward on my iPhone and my life, and explore what this new one will bring.
 
 Where the real world, fanboys fight for specs, benchmarks and features. I just sit on the side, wondering why no one realise why iPhone is treasured: its love, not only from me, but from the people who created the phone.
 
 Love is the only true reason people will pay, its the only reason ipod beat zune, walkman. Its the only reason they are willing to push the boundaries, embracing new ways of doing things, willing to remove old ways. 
 
 A guy and his iPhone.; Out of the box, shiny iPhone, in a few touch, it became my good o'ld iPhone that i knew and love before. The old iphone now dead, after transfering it's soul to the new one, lay there beside me. Sadden, but never look back, onward on my iPhone and my life, and explore what this new one will bring.; Where the real world, fanboys fight for specs, benchmarks and features. I just sit on the side, wondering why no one realise why iPhone is treasured: its love, not only from me, but from the people who created the phone.; Love is the only true reason people will pay, its the only reason ipod beat zune, walkman. Its the only reason they are willing to push the boundaries, embracing new ways of doing things, willing to remove old ways.; A guy and his iPhone.
[deleted post]Background app refresh is not a jock ,you Jocker.Unlike android ,iOS is more polished and its settings won't go wrong.; Background app refresh is not a jock ,you Jocker.Unlike android ,iOS is more polished and its settings won't go wrong.
[deleted post]I can multitask with my iPhone ,you can't because you never touched any iPhone .
 You enjoy your latest lags and heating on your lag ship lagdriod .; I can multitask with my iPhone ,you can't because you never touched any iPhone .; You enjoy your latest lags and heating on your lag ship lagdriod .
WaBBy500, 24 Mar 2015Listen to music and at the same time browse and download any file size of more than 3 gb or do... moreYou don't hear about background app refresh ?; You don't hear about background app refresh ?
WaBBy500, 24 Mar 2015Listen to music and at the same time browse and download any file size of more than 3 gb or do... moreI already did that ,browsed with my opera browser and enjoyed music from vlc player at the same time also I downloaded pdf files from Mercury browser in same time .you like non Apple users don't know about the real power of iOS .Before the arrival of android Apple introduced a great browsing experience for a mobile with first iPhone .Firstly Apple introduced multitouch for mobile phone .your lagdriod is nothing in front of Apple iPhone ,even old iPhone 4 is far better than your latest flagship lagdriods .; I already did that ,browsed with my opera browser and enjoyed music from vlc player at the same time also I downloaded pdf files from Mercury browser in same time .you like non Apple users don't know about the real power of iOS .Before the arrival of android Apple introduced a great browsing experience for a mobile with first iPhone .Firstly Apple introduced multitouch for mobile phone .your lagdriod is nothing in front of Apple iPhone ,even old iPhone 4 is far better than your latest flagship lagdriods .
M.Sc., 23 Mar 2015sorry for my horrible english! Guys u talk about screen resolutions (PPi), how many Cpu Cor... moreSAMSUNG GALAXY S6 have been launched awesome mobile it ill clear up iPhone 6; SAMSUNG GALAXY S6 have been launched awesome mobile it ill clear up iPhone 6
Kunjumon, 23 Mar 2015 best in what... actually it is superb.. Perfect screen, good resolution, fantastic cammera.... moreListen to music and at the same time browse and download any file size of more than 3 gb or do the same for half an hour, if your iphone does that it really does "true multitasking".But be careful that battery dosn't run out.ha!; Listen to music and at the same time browse and download any file size of more than 3 gb or do the same for half an hour, if your iphone does that it really does "true multitasking".But be careful that battery dosn't run out.ha!
since ive started using this phone ;screen got scraches n also media playing is not so good ;not suugested!; since ive started using this phone ;screen got scraches n also media playing is not so good ;not suugested!
M.Sc., 23 Mar 2015i came from android! my first iphone was 3g back to 2008, but my problem with iphones was the ... moreMost of them eventually comes back to iPhone and now with bigger iPhones it's easier than ever. Already around 20 million android users switched to iPhone 6/6+; Most of them eventually comes back to iPhone and now with bigger iPhones it's easier than ever. Already around 20 million android users switched to iPhone 6/6+
sorry for my horrible english!
 
 Guys u talk about screen resolutions (PPi), how many Cpu Cores and stuff like these! but i tell u something! i'm not a fanboy i'm an android user for 6 years (mostly flagships) when i bought iPhone 6, i compared my iPhone side by side with Xperia Z2, Galaxy S5, hTC one m8,Lg G3 and Nexus 5 (my friends phones) that 326 ppi screen of apple Beat those Full HD and QHD screens! why u guys care about numbers? my iphone 6 is way way faster than those phones! so far! (i repeat SO FAR) iPhone 6 is the best phone i ever used! Obviously when galaxy s6 come, it will beat iPhone 6! 
 clearly my comment has two Message
 1. don't care about NUMBERS!!!
 2.Always New phones come around...!
 
 P.S.: WHO CARES ABOUT BLUETOOTH file transfer these days???? all android guys Transfer files with ZAPYA or Share it between their phones (as do i),Bluetooth is very very SLOW!!! i just used my bluetooth for carkit and headset! and i transfer my files with those Apps on my iPhone to Android Phones!very Fast with Wi-Fi(min 2MB/s) than bluetooth (80KB/s); sorry for my horrible english!; Guys u talk about screen resolutions (PPi), how many Cpu Cores and stuff like these! but i tell u something! i'm not a fanboy i'm an android user for 6 years (mostly flagships) when i bought iPhone 6, i compared my iPhone side by side with Xperia Z2, Galaxy S5, hTC one m8,Lg G3 and Nexus 5 (my friends phones) that 326 ppi screen of apple Beat those Full HD and QHD screens! why u guys care about numbers? my iphone 6 is way way faster than those phones! so far! (i repeat SO FAR) iPhone 6 is the best phone i ever used! Obviously when galaxy s6 come, it will beat iPhone 6!; clearly my comment has two Message; 1. don't care about NUMBERS!!!; 2.Always New phones come around...!; P.S.: WHO CARES ABOUT BLUETOOTH file transfer these days???? all android guys Transfer files with ZAPYA or Share it between their phones (as do i),Bluetooth is very very SLOW!!! i just used my bluetooth for carkit and headset! and i transfer my files with those Apps on my iPhone to Android Phones!very Fast with Wi-Fi(min 2MB/s) than bluetooth (80KB/s)
Duel, 23 Mar 2015“The poll found that about 25 percent of all iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus purchases came from us... morei came from android! my first iphone was 3g back to 2008, but my problem with iphones was the screen size! now problem solved, and i'm an android user for 6 years !!; i came from android! my first iphone was 3g back to 2008, but my problem with iphones was the screen size! now problem solved, and i'm an android user for 6 years !!
Owsome phone; Owsome phone
“The poll found that about 25 percent of all iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus purchases came from users who are new to the iPhone platform, mostly Android switchers,”
 
 But but...; “The poll found that about 25 percent of all iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus purchases came from users who are new to the iPhone platform, mostly Android switchers,”; But but...
Anonymous, 19 Mar 2015Thus say Pear.. The phone shop seller, who claim he topped the sales in his shop. He see Ap... morePeople who don't know about apple may comment like that. A company cannot fool people and become the world richest one. Customers r not fools to buy a crap product. If people r crazy about apple, there is something to be crazy :); People who don't know about apple may comment like that. A company cannot fool people and become the world richest one. Customers r not fools to buy a crap product. If people r crazy about apple, there is something to be crazy :)
Jailbreaker, 23 Mar 2015Pfff parrot, best in what... actually .. . Noting.. Small screen, loww resolution, weak cammer... more best in what... actually it is superb.. Perfect screen, good resolution, fantastic cammera.. Dissent gamming and you can enjoy it on this excellent retina (true colours and good resolution )display, battery life is good ,nice ram management ,it has adifferent style of multitasking it is called real multitasking .. Most stylish and smooth OS in the world.. AppStore has Lots of quality free stuffs .in this phone you have to pay same like lagdriod for apps. .. . Noting best here but iPhone 6 is best value For your money go for it. ha.. !; best in what... actually it is superb.. Perfect screen, good resolution, fantastic cammera.. Dissent gamming and you can enjoy it on this excellent retina (true colours and good resolution )display, battery life is good ,nice ram management ,it has adifferent style of multitasking it is called real multitasking .. Most stylish and smooth OS in the world.. AppStore has Lots of quality free stuffs .in this phone you have to pay same like lagdriod for apps. .. . Noting best here but iPhone 6 is best value For your money go for it. ha.. !
till update apple company can't make universal Bluetooth. poor company,a big phone like iphone 6plus. Can't connect to other cell.today that technology is more advanced. poor company. N paying fr everything u need poor.i am waiting fr de samsung galaxy s6 edge not fr his poor n bullshit iphone 6plus n wat ever.; till update apple company can't make universal Bluetooth. poor company,a big phone like iphone 6plus. Can't connect to other cell.today that technology is more advanced. poor company. N paying fr everything u need poor.i am waiting fr de samsung galaxy s6 edge not fr his poor n bullshit iphone 6plus n wat ever.
I love my I phone 6 ,easy to use good multitasking all over less annoying; I love my I phone 6 ,easy to use good multitasking all over less annoying
UMAIR, 22 Mar 2015I owned a jailbroken iPhone 3g 4 years back and i simply loved it, which got stolen later on..... moredude, better watch out . since you have broken out of jail you will be a marked man. your life is in serious danger. you can't hide any where.you can run where ever you want but Apple's elite commandos will hunt you down and you will be terminated. you shouldn't have jail broken 'it' ):; dude, better watch out . since you have broken out of jail you will be a marked man. your life is in serious danger. you can't hide any where.you can run where ever you want but Apple's elite commandos will hunt you down and you will be terminated. you shouldn't have jail broken 'it' ):
Anonymous, 22 Mar 2015Iphone 6 is the best phone to date. Best apps, best performance, best updates. No phones co... morePfff parrot, best in what... actually .. . Noting.. Small screen, loww resolution, weak cammera.. Dissent gamming but cant enjoy it on the small low res. display, no sd card, no battery removing, weak battery.,low ram poor multitasking if that even can be called multitasking becose its just close and play other.. Most restricted ugly and boring OS in the world.. Noting is free in that phone you have to pay fot almost everything.. And finally it takes to Apple to make it 200$ and they charge you 4 times that and more... so it's insanely overpriced.. . Noting best here just everage.. . For a 1000 bugs.. .. ha.. !; Pfff parrot, best in what... actually .. . Noting.. Small screen, loww resolution, weak cammera.. Dissent gamming but cant enjoy it on the small low res. display, no sd card, no battery removing, weak battery.,low ram poor multitasking if that even can be called multitasking becose its just close and play other.. Most restricted ugly and boring OS in the world.. Noting is free in that phone you have to pay fot almost everything.. And finally it takes to Apple to make it 200$ and they charge you 4 times that and more... so it's insanely overpriced.. . Noting best here just everage.. . For a 1000 bugs.. .. ha.. !
Now iPhone is a joy to use with macbook!! Auto tether without even taking the phone out of the bag!!
 
 Now continuity joins airplay / airdrop awesome features!!; Now iPhone is a joy to use with macbook!! Auto tether without even taking the phone out of the bag!!; Now continuity joins airplay / airdrop awesome features!!
Hi all,
 
 I use android, iphone and blackberries before. However, i always end up using iphone, because there is less headache. I do not know why the hate of iphones is so great for so many of you guys.. All phones does generally the same things, iphone just make everyday task less annoying.
 
 Good day.; Hi all,; I use android, iphone and blackberries before. However, i always end up using iphone, because there is less headache. I do not know why the hate of iphones is so great for so many of you guys.. All phones does generally the same things, iphone just make everyday task less annoying.; Good day.
Duel, 23 Mar 2015"Please somebody tell me that there is a way to switch off all running apps at once witho... moreI see, fair enough, thanks for the reply. I have a bit of ocd so i like to keep things tidy :)
 
 Also, is there a way to multitask or split screen on this? I use my phone as a gps but like to have my music player or skype on the other half of the phone.
 
 I don't know, there just seem to be so many limitations with this phone. I should've waited for the S6 or LG G4 :(; I see, fair enough, thanks for the reply. I have a bit of ocd so i like to keep things tidy :); Also, is there a way to multitask or split screen on this? I use my phone as a gps but like to have my music player or skype on the other half of the phone.; I don't know, there just seem to be so many limitations with this phone. I should've waited for the S6 or LG G4 :(
UMAIR, 22 Mar 2015I owned a jailbroken iPhone 3g 4 years back and i simply loved it, which got stolen later on..... moreNice Idea !!!!!!!; Nice Idea !!!!!!!
Nice phone but flimsy cover and it chipped the first day!! Come on Apple at this price I would have expected better!!; Nice phone but flimsy cover and it chipped the first day!! Come on Apple at this price I would have expected better!!
Pancake, 22 Mar 2015Yes, to anybody with a bit of sensible thinking and personality, don't buy this. Or you will r... more"Please somebody tell me that there is a way to switch off all running apps at once without having to go through them individually when you tap the double button?"
 
 This isn't android, you aren't meant to close them, currently i have over 100 "running" apps there. Most of them are just screenshots. They doesn't use your battery, your memory or your cpu. So i dont know why would you spend time closing them, since when that multitasking came i havent closed them ever.; "Please somebody tell me that there is a way to switch off all running apps at once without having to go through them individually when you tap the double button?"; This isn't android, you aren't meant to close them, currently i have over 100 "running" apps there. Most of them are just screenshots. They doesn't use your battery, your memory or your cpu. So i dont know why would you spend time closing them, since when that multitasking came i havent closed them ever.
http://gs.statcounter.com/?PHPSESSID=je126oo9m5f­rm6ppijo6v7fhb4&chart_type=line&device_t­ype=mobile&stat_type=vendor&statType_hid­den=vendor&device_hidden=mobile&region=C­hina&region_hidden=CN#mobile_vendor-CN-daily­-20150101-20150322 
 
 Chinese people gone crazy about new iPhones.; Chinese people gone crazy about new iPhones.
I have been using i6 from last month,must say its the best phone available in market it can outperform any mobile available in market in terms of games,photography,music jst awesome seriously if you are wealthy enough to buy this phone go for it or just don't complaint about price it's far better den shitty android phones love you apple...; I have been using i6 from last month,must say its the best phone available in market it can outperform any mobile available in market in terms of games,photography,music jst awesome seriously if you are wealthy enough to buy this phone go for it or just don't complaint about price it's far better den shitty android phones love you apple...
Anonymous, 22 Mar 2015Iphone 6 is the best phone to date. Best apps, best performance, best updates. No phones co... moreThats true; Thats true
Yes, to anybody with a bit of sensible thinking and personality, don't buy this. Or you will regret like me.
 
 Please somebody tell me that there is a way to switch off all running apps at once without having to go through them individually when you tap the double button?
 
 What's this phone for? What can it do besides phone text and go on the internet? It's soooo boring!; Yes, to anybody with a bit of sensible thinking and personality, don't buy this. Or you will regret like me.; Please somebody tell me that there is a way to switch off all running apps at once without having to go through them individually when you tap the double button?; What's this phone for? What can it do besides phone text and go on the internet? It's soooo boring!
Anonymous, 22 Mar 2015Iphone 6 is the best phone to date. Best apps, best performance, best updates. No phones co... moreAh yes, but it's not.
 
 No, just not. x; Ah yes, but it's not.; No, just not. x
I owned a jailbroken iPhone 3g 4 years back and i simply loved it, which got stolen later on.. Since then i was using android.. Tried Sony Xperia P, Xperia Z. Samsung Galaxy S3 and Galaxy S4.. All of them were really good cellphones... I just had one issue in all of them i.e. occasional LAG and Crashes.. Now i bought iPhone 6.. Its screen size, performance, ios UI.. everything is just awesome.. I jailbreaked it as soon as i got it.. And pitty for those who thinks ios is not customisable.. In my opinion, ios is more customizable (Jailbroken) than android (Rooted)..; I owned a jailbroken iPhone 3g 4 years back and i simply loved it, which got stolen later on.. Since then i was using android.. Tried Sony Xperia P, Xperia Z. Samsung Galaxy S3 and Galaxy S4.. All of them were really good cellphones... I just had one issue in all of them i.e. occasional LAG and Crashes.. Now i bought iPhone 6.. Its screen size, performance, ios UI.. everything is just awesome.. I jailbreaked it as soon as i got it.. And pitty for those who thinks ios is not customisable.. In my opinion, ios is more customizable (Jailbroken) than android (Rooted)..
Iphone 6 is the best phone to date. Best apps, best performance, best updates.
 
 No phones comes any near it, unless you want to drag and drop rofl.; Iphone 6 is the best phone to date. Best apps, best performance, best updates.; No phones comes any near it, unless you want to drag and drop rofl.
TheOne, 22 Mar 2015i have this phone. this phone is good. but, i still recommend the iphone 5s. why do you recommend iPhone 5s, I need to know because I'm about to buy it.; why do you recommend iPhone 5s, I need to know because I'm about to buy it.
i have this phone.
 this phone is good.
 but, i still recommend the iphone 5s.; i have this phone.; this phone is good.; but, i still recommend the iphone 5s.
this is the last time I will purchase an apple product. Who wants to buy a phone who's memory is taken up by just by what the company puts in the phone. This has been a rip off but the last consumers have the power to go to other companies. You have lost a customer.; this is the last time I will purchase an apple product. Who wants to buy a phone who's memory is taken up by just by what the company puts in the phone. This has been a rip off but the last consumers have the power to go to other companies. You have lost a customer.
I am using iphone5S for last 1 year now I want to upgrade but due to dependence on iTunes and lack of sharing i.e directly contacts to whattsapp, lack of 16:9 still photo, screen mirroring on TV ( without Apple TV), lack of flexibility , I am planing for Samsung. But user experience of iPhone is not even in top androids.; I am using iphone5S for last 1 year now I want to upgrade but due to dependence on iTunes and lack of sharing i.e directly contacts to whattsapp, lack of 16:9 still photo, screen mirroring on TV ( without Apple TV), lack of flexibility , I am planing for Samsung. But user experience of iPhone is not even in top androids.
WW, 21 Mar 2015The fact that you have to resort to 'jail breaking' just to add a bit of personality to your &... moreApple has a good name but it has no good specs compared to OPPO...Oppo Find 7a and oppo N3 are better than iPhone 6; Apple has a good name but it has no good specs compared to OPPO...Oppo Find 7a and oppo N3 are better than iPhone 6
reply to BUTTMAN, 20 Mar 2015TO ALL IPHONE FANS: we do care about our devices, that is why we visit Apple products.We want ... moreyou just want to visit iProducts to realize how crap your devices are. HAHAHA. sounds ironic right? LOL; you just want to visit iProducts to realize how crap your devices are. HAHAHA. sounds ironic right? LOL
WW, 21 Mar 2015The fact that you have to resort to 'jail breaking' just to add a bit of personality to your &... moreThe problem with customization is that its never unified experience, you can customize your Ui and end of the day all the 3rd apps still have that different Ui. I dont care customizing my devices because it ruins the experience. You can also make lot of customization with windows PC and yet when you look people windows, all of them looks same except the background part, most people just doesnt care to customize their devices so its not problem for most of people, i know many android users and they havent done anything for their device except adding few widgets thats their customization :)
 
 "Bland" and "boring" works fine with iOS just like it works with windows, it gets job done, what more most of people need ;); The problem with customization is that its never unified experience, you can customize your Ui and end of the day all the 3rd apps still have that different Ui. I dont care customizing my devices because it ruins the experience. You can also make lot of customization with windows PC and yet when you look people windows, all of them looks same except the background part, most people just doesnt care to customize their devices so its not problem for most of people, i know many android users and they havent done anything for their device except adding few widgets thats their customization :); "Bland" and "boring" works fine with iOS just like it works with windows, it gets job done, what more most of people need ;)
It's honestly really sad that this many people are actually getting OFFENDED and are fighting over a CELL PHONE.
 
 If you don't like Android, don't buy it. 
 If you don't like iPhone, don't buy it. 
 
 If somebody buys what you don't like, guess what's the best part of that situation; YOU DON'T HAVE THE PHONE, SO DON'T WORRY ABOUT WHAT THEIR PHONE CAN OR CAN'T DO. IT'S NOT YOUR PHONE, YOU DON'T HAVE TO USE IT.
 
 Anybody who wants to actively debate which phone is better (the same way with religion and politics, none are better, they all are the same idea much like Android and Apple) have no lives. 
 
 Stop arguing over things that aren't even important or don't affect you.
 
 Lol ridiculous...; It's honestly really sad that this many people are actually getting OFFENDED and are fighting over a CELL PHONE.; If you don't like Android, don't buy it.; If you don't like iPhone, don't buy it.; If somebody buys what you don't like, guess what's the best part of that situation; YOU DON'T HAVE THE PHONE, SO DON'T WORRY ABOUT WHAT THEIR PHONE CAN OR CAN'T DO. IT'S NOT YOUR PHONE, YOU DON'T HAVE TO USE IT.; Anybody who wants to actively debate which phone is better (the same way with religion and politics, none are better, they all are the same idea much like Android and Apple) have no lives.; Stop arguing over things that aren't even important or don't affect you.; Lol ridiculous...
Duel, 20 Mar 2015So you bought very expensive phone and didnt check out what you are buying? Im surprised that ... moreDon't waste your time ,he (pancake or bananahead) is just a troll.; Don't waste your time ,he (pancake or bananahead) is just a troll.
Duel, 20 Mar 2015So you bought very expensive phone and didnt check out what you are buying? Im surprised that ... moreThe fact that you have to resort to 'jail breaking' just to add a bit of personality to your £600+ smart phone is laughable.
 This really sums up how naive iPhone users are.
 
 Android users have been able to customise almost every aspect of their phones for years and all at no extra cost.
 Android actually encourage people to play about with the code and be creative, hence why it's open source. 
 
 The limited customisation options available on iOS either have to be purchased direct from Apple or your forced into a process that will void your warranty and potentially damage your phone.
 
 Apple's idea of customisation is offering a range of pathetic colours on their phones.
 All those people who 'jail break' their iPhones in order to unleash it's "true potential" are basically then shunned by Apple as they dared to bend the rules slightly in an attemp to add some personality to an otherwise bland and boring UI. 
 
 Ridiculous. Android for life y'all! :-); The fact that you have to resort to 'jail breaking' just to add a bit of personality to your £600+ smart phone is laughable.; This really sums up how naive iPhone users are.; Android users have been able to customise almost every aspect of their phones for years and all at no extra cost.; Android actually encourage people to play about with the code and be creative, hence why it's open source.; The limited customisation options available on iOS either have to be purchased direct from Apple or your forced into a process that will void your warranty and potentially damage your phone.; Apple's idea of customisation is offering a range of pathetic colours on their phones.; All those people who 'jail break' their iPhones in order to unleash it's "true potential" are basically then shunned by Apple as they dared to bend the rules slightly in an attemp to add some personality to an otherwise bland and boring UI.; Ridiculous. Android for life y'all! :-)
I want to ask about is that any problems on iOS 8&#12290;2; I want to ask about is that any problems on iOS 8&#12290;2
Pancake, 20 Mar 2015I am getting a bit fed up with this phone! Why do people like this? Has anybody ever tried a r... moreThere's themes like this http://youtu.be/pMP8BconR2E which change the whole Ui completely; There's themes like this; which change the whole Ui completely
Pancake, 20 Mar 2015I am getting a bit fed up with this phone! Why do people like this? Has anybody ever tried a r... moreSo you bought very expensive phone and didnt check out what you are buying? Im surprised that someone today doesn't know what iPhone is and what is not, especially if he writes in mobile blog. You should have figure that out before buying!
 
 But if you want to tweak everything there's always jailbreak then you can tweak about everything and it opens the whole new world and its BIG http://youtu.be/1o6GG24lg-M 
 
 http://youtu.be/lp8zutgB_6U; So you bought very expensive phone and didnt check out what you are buying? Im surprised that someone today doesn't know what iPhone is and what is not, especially if he writes in mobile blog. You should have figure that out before buying!; But if you want to tweak everything there's always jailbreak then you can tweak about everything and it opens the whole new world and its BIG
I am getting a bit fed up with this phone! Why do people like this? Has anybody ever tried a real smartphone??
 
 Why would anyone choose something that does not allow customization over something that allows to design and customize everything?
 
 I am really regretting getting this. 3 weeks in and it's been nothing but pain. And now i am stuck with it for 2 years.
 
 Guys, if anybody is coming from an expensive Android, don't choose iphones...they're just cheap and devoid of any imagination...; I am getting a bit fed up with this phone! Why do people like this? Has anybody ever tried a real smartphone??; Why would anyone choose something that does not allow customization over something that allows to design and customize everything?; I am really regretting getting this. 3 weeks in and it's been nothing but pain. And now i am stuck with it for 2 years.; Guys, if anybody is coming from an expensive Android, don't choose iphones...they're just cheap and devoid of any imagination...
Joging brain , 20 Mar 2015Hhe he iPhone... You know that it's NOT the BEST phone but still repenting it like a bunch of... moreThis is what Apple hating does to your brain, this guy here just lost it...
 
 I'm not that guy either...; This is what Apple hating does to your brain, this guy here just lost it...; I'm not that guy either...
Anonymous, 20 Mar 2015Android fanboys say iPhone is a feature phone. Yet iPhone serve to web better, game faster,... moreHhe he iPhone... You know that it's NOT the BEST phone but still repenting it like a bunch of parrots. In none of those that the "anonymous" Duel right down iphone is best.. Obviously you will never admit it but hey.. You know it, I know it... now alot more people know it, that works for me!; Hhe he iPhone... You know that it's NOT the BEST phone but still repenting it like a bunch of parrots. In none of those that the "anonymous" Duel right down iphone is best.. Obviously you will never admit it but hey.. You know it, I know it... now alot more people know it, that works for me!
Joging brain , 20 Mar 2015You must be schizophrenic still replying to yourself is there nobody to talk to...? To myself? What are you smoking?; To myself? What are you smoking?
Duel, 20 Mar 2015Exactly, no-one isn't going to buy or not to buy a device based on gsmarena voting results :DYou must be schizophrenic still replying to yourself is there nobody to talk to...?; You must be schizophrenic still replying to yourself is there nobody to talk to...?
jeeva, 20 Mar 2015I want to buy this mobile it is good or notNo-one can't say that to you, if you know what you are going to buy it's a great phone. People who have bought it are very satisfied with the Phone and iPhone 6 customer satisfaction is 99%; No-one can't say that to you, if you know what you are going to buy it's a great phone. People who have bought it are very satisfied with the Phone and iPhone 6 customer satisfaction is 99%
What i really miss in the iphone, i know you may think its a bit silly. But i need a reject button like the android on the caller screen during the call.; What i really miss in the iphone, i know you may think its a bit silly. But i need a reject button like the android on the caller screen during the call.
I want to buy this mobile
 it is good or not; I want to buy this mobile; it is good or not
Anonymous, 20 Mar 2015Android fanboys say iPhone is a feature phone. Yet iPhone serve to web better, game faster,... moreExcept it's not and literally none of that is true. 
 
 But hey, B+ for effort, good for you x; Except it's not and literally none of that is true.; But hey, B+ for effort, good for you x
NH, 20 Mar 2015Hello, I am having some problems operating my iphone 6, and wonder if any one can advise, plea... moreSo true; So true
Anonymous, 20 Mar 2015Because... Who cares? :D yeah who cares .why bother when the product is selling like hot ca... moreExactly, no-one isn't going to buy or not to buy a device based on gsmarena voting results :D; Exactly, no-one isn't going to buy or not to buy a device based on gsmarena voting results :D
Duel, 18 Mar 2015"@Duel .. if android fanboys are voting Iphone 6 down why don't you ifans do something ab... moreBecause... Who cares? :D
 
 yeah who cares .why bother when the product is selling like hot cakes right? :D
 @Duel you are the ultimate Iphone fan.; Because... Who cares? :D; yeah who cares .why bother when the product is selling like hot cakes right? :D; @Duel you are the ultimate Iphone fan.
BUTTMAN, 18 Mar 2015TO ALL ANDROID FANS: if you care about your devices, why visit Apple products? Make sense, ehh?TO ALL IPHONE FANS: we do care about our devices, that is why we visit Apple products.We want to be updated with what 'innovation' is our so called 'rival OS' is gonna bring.Now it makes sense, ehh?; TO ALL IPHONE FANS: we do care about our devices, that is why we visit Apple products.We want to be updated with what 'innovation' is our so called 'rival OS' is gonna bring.Now it makes sense, ehh?
Android fanboys say iPhone is a feature phone.
 
 Yet iPhone serve to web better, game faster, social smoother, best music playback, best camera apps, updates faster. 
 
 It seems drag and drop is all android users doing... Seems rather feature phone to me.
 
 Brave Frontier... do a SBB/BB full 6 team.. it shames Note 4, LG, all kinds of flagship. But a featured iPhone 6 / 5S still run without lag. 
 
 Chrome, Open 99 tabs until you see :) face. Smooth as butter, but on Android .. it start jerking.
 
 Sometimes i feel, Android fanboys are sour grape and comment here, because they are at denial that their 600$ flagship was beaten by a phone with half their RAM and Cores. 
 
 They keep compare HW with Price. Keep going in circles in Android world.. HTC then Samsung then Sony then Xiaomi then HTC again. Other then Samsung, the guts in Android flagships are all the same. snapdragon, and all run the same OS. 
 
 Smart Apple people already escaped the dreaded loop. Compare Performance to Price. And iPhone is King when it comes to performance.; Android fanboys say iPhone is a feature phone.; Yet iPhone serve to web better, game faster, social smoother, best music playback, best camera apps, updates faster.; It seems drag and drop is all android users doing... Seems rather feature phone to me.; Brave Frontier... do a SBB/BB full 6 team.. it shames Note 4, LG, all kinds of flagship. But a featured iPhone 6 / 5S still run without lag.; Chrome, Open 99 tabs until you see :) face. Smooth as butter, but on Android .. it start jerking.; Sometimes i feel, Android fanboys are sour grape and comment here, because they are at denial that their 600$ flagship was beaten by a phone with half their RAM and Cores.; They keep compare HW with Price. Keep going in circles in Android world.. HTC then Samsung then Sony then Xiaomi then HTC again. Other then Samsung, the guts in Android flagships are all the same. snapdragon, and all run the same OS.; Smart Apple people already escaped the dreaded loop. Compare Performance to Price. And iPhone is King when it comes to performance.
Anonymous, 19 Mar 2015I am not a big fan of any phone, I am impartial and like to use anything sensible with degree ... moreWhat the hell what is new about android nowadays except the fact you need a new flagship to run the latest version ?; What the hell what is new about android nowadays except the fact you need a new flagship to run the latest version ?
Hello, I am having some problems operating my iphone 6, and wonder if any one can advise, please.
 1. The ringer volume reduces to minimum every now and then, and it has to be readjusted, that is increased.
 2. The alarm.......if the snooze is activated when the alarm operates, it rings only a little or partially during snooze, and hardly noticeable.
 3. Cannot silence the phone even with "Do not Disturb"!
 
 Thank yoh for your help.; Hello, I am having some problems operating my iphone 6, and wonder if any one can advise, please.; 1. The ringer volume reduces to minimum every now and then, and it has to be readjusted, that is increased.; 2. The alarm.......if the snooze is activated when the alarm operates, it rings only a little or partially during snooze, and hardly noticeable.; 3. Cannot silence the phone even with "Do not Disturb"!; Thank yoh for your help.
The iPhone 6 although has some great applications. It has THE WORST CALENDAR EVER!!
 
 I plan my business, kids, and life in general on my calendar... Who was the genius who came up with dots!! A dot signifys that u have something scheduled on that day but u have to open each day to see what is on your schedule. 
 
 If I forgot which day my dog groomer is scheduled for in a given month..I have to open every single day that has a dot to find the appointment... Or I can just call the groomer "really" 
 F for the calendar!!! Complete miserable FAILURE!!
 
 Samsung Galaxy has a GREAT calendar.. You can view the whole month and see your entries..; The iPhone 6 although has some great applications. It has THE WORST CALENDAR EVER!!; I plan my business, kids, and life in general on my calendar... Who was the genius who came up with dots!! A dot signifys that u have something scheduled on that day but u have to open each day to see what is on your schedule.; If I forgot which day my dog groomer is scheduled for in a given month..I have to open every single day that has a dot to find the appointment... Or I can just call the groomer "really"; F for the calendar!!! Complete miserable FAILURE!!; Samsung Galaxy has a GREAT calendar.. You can view the whole month and see your entries..
tumama, 19 Mar 2015sorry to said but iphone its not a perfection in life the only good thing about apple is the w... morefor me apple is perfection
 android is a masterpiece; for me apple is perfection; android is a masterpiece
tumama, 19 Mar 2015sorry to said but iphone its not a perfection in life the only good thing about apple is the w... moreThere isn't such a thing called perfect phone, it's all about overall experience and currently clearly iPhone is winning and offers the product which people like and want to use and especially want to BUY.; There isn't such a thing called perfect phone, it's all about overall experience and currently clearly iPhone is winning and offers the product which people like and want to use and especially want to BUY.
oh man, 19 Mar 2015Sorry to say android fan... Iphone is a perfection..in real life,iphone is smoother and lot b... moresorry to said but iphone its not a perfection in life the only good thing about apple is the well optimized OS that they have because iphone is a cheap phone that sells like a real flagship; sorry to said but iphone its not a perfection in life the only good thing about apple is the well optimized OS that they have because iphone is a cheap phone that sells like a real flagship
Anonymous, 19 Mar 2015Thus say Pear.. The phone shop seller, who claim he topped the sales in his shop. He see Ap... moreman, you lost the plot on that one haha
 
 do humanity a favor and stick to iphones x; man, you lost the plot on that one haha; do humanity a favor and stick to iphones x
Pancake, 19 Mar 2015Hey guys, a few questions, just got myself an iphone to give it a try for 2 years, it looks qu... more"Can i put the back button down? It's really inconvenient to have home button and back button on opposite sides of the screen."
 
 You dont need back button, just swipe from any part from left corner left to right and it does same than back button. Very handy "trick" works in many places, just try it!; "Can i put the back button down? It's really inconvenient to have home button and back button on opposite sides of the screen."; You dont need back button, just swipe from any part from left corner left to right and it does same than back button. Very handy "trick" works in many places, just try it!
Anonymous, 19 Mar 2015I am not a big fan of any phone, I am impartial and like to use anything sensible with degree ... more"I truly can't stand apple,"
 
 And yet you are here wth that rant, what's wrong with you people? Really?; "I truly can't stand apple,"; And yet you are here wth that rant, what's wrong with you people? Really?
[deleted post]Just answer my comment, which part of your story is lie? Because it is
 
 Sorry but no-one can take you serious here and its your own fault.
 
 And about my english, yes it's my third language and last time i studied english was 12 years ago, i dont need english in my life (except reading websites). Writing to these blogs and sites are only place where i use english in my life.
 
 And about my education, A long time ago (over ten years ago) i was actually very good at english. But if you dont use language almost at all, you are going to forget it. At least many part of it.; Just answer my comment, which part of your story is lie? Because it is; Sorry but no-one can take you serious here and its your own fault.; And about my english, yes it's my third language and last time i studied english was 12 years ago, i dont need english in my life (except reading websites). Writing to these blogs and sites are only place where i use english in my life.; And about my education, A long time ago (over ten years ago) i was actually very good at english. But if you dont use language almost at all, you are going to forget it. At least many part of it.
I am not a big fan of any phone, I am impartial and like to use anything sensible with degree of freedom , but apple takes away your freedom , through use of Cloud they make you restricted, the phone is nothing special and after few minutes of use I got board and wanted to play with other more interesting devices, such as sony, Samsung, or even HTC, 
 
 apple has nothing new to offer, it has failed miserably to innovate, they are just keep changing the size of the phone now, and there is absolutely nothing new or innovative being added
 
 I truly can't stand apple, and really tried hard to like it, but everything about it is uneasy, restrictive, feels like a cage
 
 I like to be free; I am not a big fan of any phone, I am impartial and like to use anything sensible with degree of freedom , but apple takes away your freedom , through use of Cloud they make you restricted, the phone is nothing special and after few minutes of use I got board and wanted to play with other more interesting devices, such as sony, Samsung, or even HTC,; apple has nothing new to offer, it has failed miserably to innovate, they are just keep changing the size of the phone now, and there is absolutely nothing new or innovative being added; I truly can't stand apple, and really tried hard to like it, but everything about it is uneasy, restrictive, feels like a cage; I like to be free
Pancake, 19 Mar 2015Hey guys, a few questions, just got myself an iphone to give it a try for 2 years, it looks qu... more
 1. Can i put the back button down? It's really inconvenient to have home button and back button on opposite sides of the screen.One home button design works superbly on my iPhone.
 
 2. Can i take a video with both cameras at the same time? I used to do that with my friends to capture funny reactions at the same time? Yes AppStore has ,Dual shoot 'app ,it will do the job.
 
 3. Is the phone water resistant?use any water resistant case.
 
 4. Is there a way to not leave a youtube video conpletely when i answer a whatsapp text?yes there is a quick reply option from iOS 8.
 
 5. Can i uninstall or hide all those unecessary apps?yes. setting >general >restrictions.you can disable unwanted apps.
 
 6. I don't like itunes...is there an app i can dld free music with? Yes Apple AppStore has lots of audio video downloaders (most of them are free).eg:idownloader.
 
 7. Are there any widgets? I want to have the weather on and some newsfeed, etc .yes there is already inbuilt weather weadget ,also you can add more widgets.
 
 8.Is it normal that it overheats so much when i play games? My lg g2 used to do that as well but not to this extent..no overheating and lagging is android only features ,iOS don't have that problem,iOS don't have that problem.
 
 9. Is there a guest mode or something like that? My mom and sister sometimes play with it and i want to hide tinder and a few more apps haha .yes iOS has that option .
 
 10. Is it normal that the battery runs out so fast or am i doing something wrong? It dies after about 4 hours of heavy usage...iOS is not a battery eater like lagdriods and it is not a ram eater like android.; 1. Can i put the back button down? It's really inconvenient to have home button and back button on opposite sides of the screen.One home button design works superbly on my iPhone.; 2. Can i take a video with both cameras at the same time? I used to do that with my friends to capture funny reactions at the same time? Yes AppStore has ,Dual shoot 'app ,it will do the job.; 3. Is the phone water resistant?use any water resistant case.; 4. Is there a way to not leave a youtube video conpletely when i answer a whatsapp text?yes there is a quick reply option from iOS 8.; 5. Can i uninstall or hide all those unecessary apps?yes. setting >general >restrictions.you can disable unwanted apps.; 6. I don't like itunes...is there an app i can dld free music with? Yes Apple AppStore has lots of audio video downloaders (most of them are free).eg:idownloader.; 7. Are there any widgets? I want to have the weather on and some newsfeed, etc .yes there is already inbuilt weather weadget ,also you can add more widgets.; 8.Is it normal that it overheats so much when i play games? My lg g2 used to do that as well but not to this extent..no overheating and lagging is android only features ,iOS don't have that problem,iOS don't have that problem.; 9. Is there a guest mode or something like that? My mom and sister sometimes play with it and i want to hide tinder and a few more apps haha .yes iOS has that option .; 10. Is it normal that the battery runs out so fast or am i doing something wrong? It dies after about 4 hours of heavy usage...iOS is not a battery eater like lagdriods and it is not a ram eater like android.
Anonymous, 19 Mar 2015Thus say Pear.. The phone shop seller, who claim he topped the sales in his shop. He see Ap... moreYou seem to be a frustrated individual. That Pear really got to you :); You seem to be a frustrated individual. That Pear really got to you :)
[deleted post]Thus say Pear.. The phone shop seller, who claim he topped the sales in his shop.
 
 He see Apple users as uneducated teens / Justin Biber fans / Crazy Frog Fans, and Region. (What a weird hate combo)
 
 He believe and claims that Apple cheat money off Justin Biber, Crazy Frog and Region people, and zombies. Because of Apple pricing on iPhone.
 
 He claims to have owned iPhone 6 for 2 months.. or 1.. As a gift from his uncle.. or someone. Sold it, and got his LG G3 back from his Mama. (this claim is very very long ago in the past comments)
 
 He can't understand English, unless its properly constructed to him. 
 
 He claims iPhone 6 has 1hr ~ 2hrs battery life. Rofl.
 
 And Yes Pear, We cared for you, you got to stop lying or solve your hate issues, or upgrade your job.; Thus say Pear.. The phone shop seller, who claim he topped the sales in his shop.; He see Apple users as uneducated teens / Justin Biber fans / Crazy Frog Fans, and Region. (What a weird hate combo); He believe and claims that Apple cheat money off Justin Biber, Crazy Frog and Region people, and zombies. Because of Apple pricing on iPhone.; He claims to have owned iPhone 6 for 2 months.. or 1.. As a gift from his uncle.. or someone. Sold it, and got his LG G3 back from his Mama. (this claim is very very long ago in the past comments); He can't understand English, unless its properly constructed to him.; He claims iPhone 6 has 1hr ~ 2hrs battery life. Rofl.; And Yes Pear, We cared for you, you got to stop lying or solve your hate issues, or upgrade your job.
Third Eye , 19 Mar 2015Why all android fan-boys wants to put android in iphone yes we know you all pretty impressed ... moreUr point pawn all..ur are the mannn; Ur point pawn all..ur are the mannn
Sorry to say android fan...
 Iphone is a perfection..in real life,iphone is smoother and lot better than android..thats the fact..
 Android is just it is,slow,buggy even with high specification phone,but its android itself is culprit.
 I use android phone for some modding and some software freaks but in the end will boring and even worst end up with dead phone...but for daily use,i use my iphone 5s with no hassle and even single problem..
 Btw, i like iphone more for everyday use..
 Iphone is created for perfection; Sorry to say android fan...; Iphone is a perfection..in real life,iphone is smoother and lot better than android..thats the fact..; Android is just it is,slow,buggy even with high specification phone,but its android itself is culprit.; I use android phone for some modding and some software freaks but in the end will boring and even worst end up with dead phone...but for daily use,i use my iphone 5s with no hassle and even single problem..; Btw, i like iphone more for everyday use..; Iphone is created for perfection
Duel, 19 Mar 2015Not true, iPhone actually has much faster single cores than android phones. Only thing when an... moreI disagree with you mate !!! Many of the benchmarks shows that almost all android phones having quad core i.e. 4 cores doesn't run them all even in octa core i.e. 8 cores only one or two are working at a time so this makes a sense that spec sheet doesn't matter but this also proves that they are way faster than iphone.You just see that how android has evolved in just time being.; I disagree with you mate !!! Many of the benchmarks shows that almost all android phones having quad core i.e. 4 cores doesn't run them all even in octa core i.e. 8 cores only one or two are working at a time so this makes a sense that spec sheet doesn't matter but this also proves that they are way faster than iphone.You just see that how android has evolved in just time being.
Duel, 18 Mar 2015"why us android users think that aple is crap because of the specs that offers to the cus... moreHaha real life performance. Good one!; Haha real life performance. Good one!
BUTTMAN, 18 Mar 2015TO ALL ANDROID FANS: if you care about your devices, why visit Apple products? Make sense, ehh?Because it's amusing to wind all y'all Apple lovers up!; Because it's amusing to wind all y'all Apple lovers up!
Hey guys, a few questions, just got myself an iphone to give it a try for 2 years, it looks quite cheap but it does the job...hopefully :)
 
 1. Can i put the back button down? It's really inconvenient to have home button and back button on opposite sides of the screen.
 
 2. Can i take a video with both cameras at the same time? I used to do that with my friends to capture funny reactions at the same time?
 
 3. Is the phone water resistant?
 
 4. Is there a way to not leave a youtube video conpletely when i answer a whatsapp text?
 
 5. Can i uninstall or hide all those unecessary apps?
 
 6. I don't like itunes...is there an app i can dld free music with?
 
 7. Are there any widgets? I want to have the weather on and some newsfeed, etc
 
 8.Is it normal that it overheats so much when i play games? My lg g2 used to do that as well but not to this extent..
 
 9. Is there a guest mode or something like that? My mom and sister sometimes play with it and i want to hide tinder and a few more apps haha
 
 10. Is it normal that the battery runs out so fast or am i doing something wrong? It dies after about 4 hours of heavy usage...
 
 
 I am just asking. I am coming from android :); Hey guys, a few questions, just got myself an iphone to give it a try for 2 years, it looks quite cheap but it does the job...hopefully :); 1. Can i put the back button down? It's really inconvenient to have home button and back button on opposite sides of the screen.; 2. Can i take a video with both cameras at the same time? I used to do that with my friends to capture funny reactions at the same time?; 3. Is the phone water resistant?; 4. Is there a way to not leave a youtube video conpletely when i answer a whatsapp text?; 5. Can i uninstall or hide all those unecessary apps?; 6. I don't like itunes...is there an app i can dld free music with?; 7. Are there any widgets? I want to have the weather on and some newsfeed, etc; 8.Is it normal that it overheats so much when i play games? My lg g2 used to do that as well but not to this extent..; 9. Is there a guest mode or something like that? My mom and sister sometimes play with it and i want to hide tinder and a few more apps haha; 10. Is it normal that the battery runs out so fast or am i doing something wrong? It dies after about 4 hours of heavy usage...; I am just asking. I am coming from android :)
WaBBy500, 19 Mar 2015Agree with you iphone will be a crap if we put android on iphone,iphones work better because t... more'Agree with you iphone will be a crap if we put android on iPhone'
 
 So you admit that ,android is a virus.; 'Agree with you iphone will be a crap if we put android on iPhone'; So you admit that ,android is a virus.
Third Eye , 19 Mar 2015Why all android fan-boys wants to put android in iphone yes we know you all pretty impressed ... moreWell said bro.; Well said bro.
tumama, 18 Mar 2015now tell if iam wrong if you put ios on a samsung galaxy s6 with all the specs that its has it... moreWhy all android fan-boys wants to put android in iphone
 yes we know you all pretty impressed by those specifications 
 (octa cores and 3 gigs) and feel every time you swipe your device with the thoughts of octa core, but i have few questions 
 The most demanding OS's like Windows,Mac OS still runs fine on dual cores and 2 gigs then why your so called mobile OS android need big huge rockets to push...? sound silly...? 
 
 yes we're die hard apple fans because we dont want to upgrade our device every fortnight, I am still using my Iphone 4 S as my primary phone (it almost 4 year Old and still running well on IOs 8.2) how many of your android garbage with the same age can be up-gradable to the recent lolipop without sacrificing the performance and search for a custom rom 
 
 apple produce phone for OS not vise-versa, what your android big Ooz are doing is buying android from Google
 add their own gimmicks(Touch UI..etc) make it even bulky then load it with your big rockets and sell it; Why all android fan-boys wants to put android in iphone; yes we know you all pretty impressed by those specifications; (octa cores and 3 gigs) and feel every time you swipe your device with the thoughts of octa core, but i have few questions; The most demanding OS's like Windows,Mac OS still runs fine on dual cores and 2 gigs then why your so called mobile OS android need big huge rockets to push...? sound silly...?; yes we're die hard apple fans because we dont want to upgrade our device every fortnight, I am still using my Iphone 4 S as my primary phone (it almost 4 year Old and still running well on IOs 8.2) how many of your android garbage with the same age can be up-gradable to the recent lolipop without sacrificing the performance and search for a custom rom; apple produce phone for OS not vise-versa, what your android big Ooz are doing is buying android from Google; add their own gimmicks(Touch UI..etc) make it even bulky then load it with your big rockets and sell it
WaBBy500, 19 Mar 2015Agree with you iphone will be a crap if we put android on iphone,iphones work better because t... moreNot true, iPhone actually has much faster single cores than android phones. Only thing when android phones are more powerful is when they use all the cores, so very rarely.
 
 Thats why iPhone can beat android phones with just two cores, because two cores is which you mostly use, not 4 or 8. And those two cores are faster than android phones two cores.; Not true, iPhone actually has much faster single cores than android phones. Only thing when android phones are more powerful is when they use all the cores, so very rarely.; Thats why iPhone can beat android phones with just two cores, because two cores is which you mostly use, not 4 or 8. And those two cores are faster than android phones two cores.
tumama, 18 Mar 2015now tell if iam wrong if you put ios on a samsung galaxy s6 with all the specs that its has it... moreAgree with you iphone will be a crap if we put android on iphone,iphones work better because they don't have to do much things and still the argument goes for raw spec sheet.If we put android on iphone,the iphone spec sheet will be double the current flagships.; Agree with you iphone will be a crap if we put android on iphone,iphones work better because they don't have to do much things and still the argument goes for raw spec sheet.If we put android on iphone,the iphone spec sheet will be double the current flagships.
[deleted post]Which has more buying power? Uni student or Uneducated Teens?.. Same, Both mostly cannot afford any phones, other then the ones given by their parents.
 
 And who are you to judge what demographic uses what phone? Do you have a data set to proof your claims? Because if you do, i prefer you send it to Apple, they might be grateful and give you a cut, then to post it here and get ridiculed.
 
 The thing is simple. They do not care if the customer is uneducated teens, uni undergrad, superman, batman or spiderman. They simply want to make a phone they love, (which hopefully people love, which mostly does 99% satisfy rate).; Which has more buying power? Uni student or Uneducated Teens?.. Same, Both mostly cannot afford any phones, other then the ones given by their parents.; And who are you to judge what demographic uses what phone? Do you have a data set to proof your claims? Because if you do, i prefer you send it to Apple, they might be grateful and give you a cut, then to post it here and get ridiculed.; The thing is simple. They do not care if the customer is uneducated teens, uni undergrad, superman, batman or spiderman. They simply want to make a phone they love, (which hopefully people love, which mostly does 99% satisfy rate).
Duel, 18 Mar 2015"thats why samsung is samsung because it offers the best of the best to their customer&qu... moreAnd apple still couldn't sell more throughout the year.; And apple still couldn't sell more throughout the year.
TO ALL ANDROID FANS: if you care about your devices, why visit Apple products? Make sense, ehh?; TO ALL ANDROID FANS: if you care about your devices, why visit Apple products? Make sense, ehh?
WOW iRig 2 just got released http://youtu.be/60A8bvbIYsg must buy!
 
 ,no wonder why musicians love Apple products; WOW iRig 2 just got released; must buy!; ,no wonder why musicians love Apple products
[deleted post]"thats why samsung is samsung because it offers the best of the best to their customer"
 
 Best of the best? :D and thats why samsung had horrible last year? :) sure... believe what ever you want. Truth is samsung phones didnt meet the expectations and users moved to another phones, most of them to iPhone thats why samsung share is down almost every where and Apple is up in same places.
 
 Even in samsung home country people are chosing iPhone now before samsung.; "thats why samsung is samsung because it offers the best of the best to their customer"; Best of the best? :D and thats why samsung had horrible last year? :) sure... believe what ever you want. Truth is samsung phones didnt meet the expectations and users moved to another phones, most of them to iPhone thats why samsung share is down almost every where and Apple is up in same places.; Even in samsung home country people are chosing iPhone now before samsung.
tumama, 18 Mar 2015now tell if iam wrong if you put ios on a samsung galaxy s6 with all the specs that its has it... more"why us android users think that aple is crap because of the specs that offers to the customers that buys their phones"
 
 Yes i know you android hardcore fanboys like paper specs (brainwashing working great i have noticed), we normal people prefer real life performance because its much more useful ;) and always been.; "why us android users think that aple is crap because of the specs that offers to the customers that buys their phones"; Yes i know you android hardcore fanboys like paper specs (brainwashing working great i have noticed), we normal people prefer real life performance because its much more useful ;) and always been.
Duel, 18 Mar 2015Why so insecure? What you think you can achieve by saying iPhone a crap phone? Except making y... morenow tell if iam wrong if you put ios on a samsung galaxy s6 with all the specs that its has it will be a beast now if you put android to a iphone 6 plus what will happen it will be a crap and will lag as hell still the galaxy s6 with android it will be very smooth and will not lag since it has new UI thats why us android users think that aple is crap because of the specs that offers to the customers that buys their phones; now tell if iam wrong if you put ios on a samsung galaxy s6 with all the specs that its has it will be a beast now if you put android to a iphone 6 plus what will happen it will be a crap and will lag as hell still the galaxy s6 with android it will be very smooth and will not lag since it has new UI thats why us android users think that aple is crap because of the specs that offers to the customers that buys their phones
[deleted post]Why so insecure? What you think you can achieve by saying iPhone a crap phone? Except making yourself look very insecure and completely pathetic android fanboy :D
 
 Do you think i would just go and buy android phone now? C'mon man :D How you guys keep doing it because you guys doesnt chance anything, all this hate and iPhone selling every q every year lot better than before, isnt it very frusrating? :D
 
 "Predicted 58 million iPhone sales will crush the competition this quarter"; Why so insecure? What you think you can achieve by saying iPhone a crap phone? Except making yourself look very insecure and completely pathetic android fanboy :D; Do you think i would just go and buy android phone now? C'mon man :D How you guys keep doing it because you guys doesnt chance anything, all this hate and iPhone selling every q every year lot better than before, isnt it very frusrating? :D; "Predicted 58 million iPhone sales will crush the competition this quarter"
tumama, 18 Mar 2015Duel are you kidding me or what i had a iphone 5s 5 4s and 4 but the battery its a crap i coul... moreNo way??!?!?!?!?!? Mr obvious :D really note 4 has better battery? With that huge battery it last longer? Thats something :)
 
 And iPhone 6+ have better battery life than S6, wonder why, oh wait...; No way??!?!?!?!?!? Mr obvious :D really note 4 has better battery? With that huge battery it last longer? Thats something :); And iPhone 6+ have better battery life than S6, wonder why, oh wait...
Duel are you kidding me or what i had a iphone 5s 5 4s and 4 but the battery its a crap i could barely manage 4 hours of heavy usage with the iphone5s i have a note 4 now which is 10 times better than this crapple it can last up to 2 days with normal usage; Duel are you kidding me or what i had a iphone 5s 5 4s and 4 but the battery its a crap i could barely manage 4 hours of heavy usage with the iphone5s i have a note 4 now which is 10 times better than this crapple it can last up to 2 days with normal usage
Pear, 18 Mar 2015I don't know why the likes of Anonymous are getting angry. After all it's all a matter of p... morePear, you should really call for Blueberry or Tony, because you starting to loose it ;); Pear, you should really call for Blueberry or Tony, because you starting to loose it ;)
I don't know why the likes of Anonymous are getting angry.
 
 After all it's all a matter of perspective. Both Android and ios have things that could be improved and things that are amazing.
 
 On the one hand you have industry professionals and reviewers choosing Android flagships; but on the other hand you have teenagers thinking iphones are cool. So it's all up to what suits you and who you trust more. Teenagers and fanboys are important, as are people who know what they are talking about.
 
 It's also a matter of price, because the iphone 6 is overall cheaper than most Android flagships that are coming out now and most people who use iphones can't afford a more expensive phone. So it is best to stick to iphones x; I don't know why the likes of Anonymous are getting angry.; After all it's all a matter of perspective. Both Android and ios have things that could be improved and things that are amazing.; On the one hand you have industry professionals and reviewers choosing Android flagships; but on the other hand you have teenagers thinking iphones are cool. So it's all up to what suits you and who you trust more. Teenagers and fanboys are important, as are people who know what they are talking about.; It's also a matter of price, because the iphone 6 is overall cheaper than most Android flagships that are coming out now and most people who use iphones can't afford a more expensive phone. So it is best to stick to iphones x
Pear, 18 Mar 2015Hence why it has a higher endurance rating here on gsm arena and a 10h video playback enduranc... more"I had an iphone 6 and i remember watching a 2 hour long debate between Christopher Hitchens and some iphone user and 50% of my battery was drained by the end of it"
 
 Then your phone was flawed, you should have got lot more battery left like you saw from that video posted earlier, he got over 7 hour youtube play.
 
 By the way you should really stay away from this section, daily interest for this phone is already 38%. Beginning of last week it was 21%.
 
 This means good thing for trending phone list which you pasted here earlier :D so do you really want to see iPhone going up?; "I had an iphone 6 and i remember watching a 2 hour long debate between Christopher Hitchens and some iphone user and 50% of my battery was drained by the end of it"; Then your phone was flawed, you should have got lot more battery left like you saw from that video posted earlier, he got over 7 hour youtube play.; By the way you should really stay away from this section, daily interest for this phone is already 38%. Beginning of last week it was 21%.; This means good thing for trending phone list which you pasted here earlier :D so do you really want to see iPhone going up?
Anonymous, 18 Mar 2015https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ye_w0q82VpI iPhone 5s lasted: 6 hours 14 minutes iPhone 6 ... moreHence why it has a higher endurance rating here on gsm arena and a 10h video playback endurance on the gsm battery test.
 
 Mate, the internet is there for you with information readily available. Do you really want to get into a conversation about the iphone battery? You are on a website that gives you loads of information on this.
 
 I had an iphone 6 and i remember watching a 2 hour long debate between Christopher Hitchens and some iphone user and 50% of my battery was drained by the end of it. Not to mention that i had to stop the video and get out of the youtube application to answer a text, email or whatsapp...truly cheap phone, stick to it x; Hence why it has a higher endurance rating here on gsm arena and a 10h video playback endurance on the gsm battery test.; Mate, the internet is there for you with information readily available. Do you really want to get into a conversation about the iphone battery? You are on a website that gives you loads of information on this.; I had an iphone 6 and i remember watching a 2 hour long debate between Christopher Hitchens and some iphone user and 50% of my battery was drained by the end of it. Not to mention that i had to stop the video and get out of the youtube application to answer a text, email or whatsapp...truly cheap phone, stick to it x
What is face time for?; What is face time for?
Pear, 18 Mar 2015You are wrong as usual, quite cute. I have to remind you I had an iphone 6 and i play with the... morehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ye_w0q82VpI 
 
 iPhone 5s lasted: 6 hours 14 minutes
 iPhone 6 lasted: 7 hours 7 minutes
 iPhone 6 Plus lasted: 7 hours 48 minutes
 
 Sounds like your LG has very bad battery ;); iPhone 5s lasted: 6 hours 14 minutes; iPhone 6 lasted: 7 hours 7 minutes; iPhone 6 Plus lasted: 7 hours 48 minutes; Sounds like your LG has very bad battery ;)
WaBBy500, 18 Mar 2015Then why get hyper if someone express his/her views on it.It seems like ifans ego is incessant.And Android Fanboys are so nosey in Apple products.
 
 Well no one can help it, its sales are the best, and top of the world. Making all android fanboys jealous.; And Android Fanboys are so nosey in Apple products.; Well no one can help it, its sales are the best, and top of the world. Making all android fanboys jealous.
Anonymous, 18 Mar 2015"Accept the fact that your iphone are not the best in the market and will never be !!!!&q... moreThen why get hyper if someone express his/her views on it.It seems like ifans ego is incessant.; Then why get hyper if someone express his/her views on it.It seems like ifans ego is incessant.
WDY, 18 Mar 2015I thought this site is supposed to help people. iphone/samsung etc its all about personal choi... moreWell, you can look thru all the arguments of fanboys of both sides. Make a stand or pick your phone. It helps.
 
 End of the day, a exciting comment page makes it all worth while visiting. No hard feelings, even the trolls find it fun! :). Go other sections like Samsung / HTC or Nokia.. so borning .. no competition and buried by so many devices.
 
 For people who really need iPhone support and help, they would have visited https://discussions.apple.com; Well, you can look thru all the arguments of fanboys of both sides. Make a stand or pick your phone. It helps.; End of the day, a exciting comment page makes it all worth while visiting. No hard feelings, even the trolls find it fun! :). Go other sections like Samsung / HTC or Nokia.. so borning .. no competition and buried by so many devices.; For people who really need iPhone support and help, they would have visited
Anonymous, 17 Mar 2015lol Pear. I think you are estimating right? Your LG G3 has 3k mAH battery. And you are H... moreYou are wrong as usual, quite cute. I have to remind you I had an iphone 6 and i play with them on a daily basis.
 
 When i bought my LG G3m the only disadvantage was the battery, i knew that. That being said it is still more lasting than the iphone 6. My estimates were a bit exagerated, as are yours. No iphone 6 will stream HD Youtube content for 10h. Just try it. If you go over 5 hours, you should be lucky x; You are wrong as usual, quite cute. I have to remind you I had an iphone 6 and i play with them on a daily basis.; When i bought my LG G3m the only disadvantage was the battery, i knew that. That being said it is still more lasting than the iphone 6. My estimates were a bit exagerated, as are yours. No iphone 6 will stream HD Youtube content for 10h. Just try it. If you go over 5 hours, you should be lucky x
Anonymous, 18 Mar 2015Its best remain as it is. And besides, even if its cleared, it soon will be polluted by Androi... moreI thought this site is supposed to help people. iphone/samsung etc its all about personal choice. I find all the arguments immature and not helpful at all.By the way I still use an iphone 4 and I don't regard myself as an apple fan boy; I thought this site is supposed to help people. iphone/samsung etc its all about personal choice. I find all the arguments immature and not helpful at all.By the way I still use an iphone 4 and I don't regard myself as an apple fan boy
jucict, 18 Mar 2015@Duel .. if android fanboys are voting Iphone 6 down why don't you ifans do something about th... moreIts best remain as it is. And besides, even if its cleared, it soon will be polluted by Android fanboys again, just like in the comments sections. 
 
 Its a good reminder to people to always dig deeper when buying their next phone. Not always believing in paper specs / voting or whatever trolls are saying. 
 
 Go Apple store, drop your hate for awhile. Use the phone. See how well it performs, trust your own eyes.
 
 As for Apple fanboy like myself. I simply do not care about high votes, we are not so insecure like android fanboys. In fact, if this voting actually drive some people off, so much the better for me.. i could have gotten my iPhone 6 even earlier.. not waiting in line for 2 months...; Its best remain as it is. And besides, even if its cleared, it soon will be polluted by Android fanboys again, just like in the comments sections.; Its a good reminder to people to always dig deeper when buying their next phone. Not always believing in paper specs / voting or whatever trolls are saying.; Go Apple store, drop your hate for awhile. Use the phone. See how well it performs, trust your own eyes.; As for Apple fanboy like myself. I simply do not care about high votes, we are not so insecure like android fanboys. In fact, if this voting actually drive some people off, so much the better for me.. i could have gotten my iPhone 6 even earlier.. not waiting in line for 2 months...
[deleted post]"Accept the fact that your iphone are not the best in the market and will never be !!!!"
 
 For most of people who want highend smartphone it looks like it is ;); "Accept the fact that your iphone are not the best in the market and will never be !!!!"; For most of people who want highend smartphone it looks like it is ;)
jucict, 18 Mar 2015@Duel .. if android fanboys are voting Iphone 6 down why don't you ifans do something about th... more"@Duel .. if android fanboys are voting Iphone 6 down why don't you ifans do something about that"
 
 Because... Who cares? :D; "@Duel .. if android fanboys are voting Iphone 6 down why don't you ifans do something about that"; Because... Who cares? :D
jucict, 18 Mar 2015@Duel .. if android fanboys are voting Iphone 6 down why don't you ifans do something about th... moresorry this reply is to Duel; sorry this reply is to Duel
Kunjumon, 17 Mar 2015I don't even want a lagdriod user in this iPhone user opinion page ,please.@Duel .. if android fanboys are voting Iphone 6 down why don't you ifans do something about that.bcoz if some one who is new to this site visits this page and sees that one of the top mobiles of 2014 is rated just 5.0, 4.9, 5.2. Maybe you guys can revote it a perfect 10 and improve the ratings.; @Duel .. if android fanboys are voting Iphone 6 down why don't you ifans do something about that.bcoz if some one who is new to this site visits this page and sees that one of the top mobiles of 2014 is rated just 5.0, 4.9, 5.2. Maybe you guys can revote it a perfect 10 and improve the ratings.
Sta-ko, 17 Mar 2015Are you still replying to your oun coments....that's wack ...Lol i am not duel. what i say is the truth, i do not need to fake like pear. besides, you have iphone as gift before (funny just like pear did) did you not test it yourself?; Lol i am not duel. what i say is the truth, i do not need to fake like pear. besides, you have iphone as gift before (funny just like pear did) did you not test it yourself?
Sta-ko, 17 Mar 2015Are you still replying to your oun coments....that's wack ...:D what are you smoking? I have never replied to my own comment
 
 By the way where are those multitasking things which you said many use? Im still waiting. 
 
 Remember, iOS multitasking is lot more powerful than you think, but you can still try :); :D what are you smoking? I have never replied to my own comment; By the way where are those multitasking things which you said many use? Im still waiting.; Remember, iOS multitasking is lot more powerful than you think, but you can still try :)
Duel, 17 Mar 2015Exactly, i just tested youtube play over LTE for 43 min play and i lost only 9% battery with m... moreAre you still replying to your oun coments....that's wack ...; Are you still replying to your oun coments....that's wack ...
Anonymous, 17 Mar 2015lol Pear. I think you are estimating right? Your LG G3 has 3k mAH battery. And you are H... moreExactly, i just tested youtube play over LTE for 43 min play and i lost only 9% battery with my iPhone 5S
 
 And we are now talking about over year old device with one year old battery and still lost only 9%.; Exactly, i just tested youtube play over LTE for 43 min play and i lost only 9% battery with my iPhone 5S; And we are now talking about over year old device with one year old battery and still lost only 9%.
what happens when delete some app which drain battery, does it still remains in battery usage menu or dissapear????; what happens when delete some app which drain battery, does it still remains in battery usage menu or dissapear????
Duel, 17 Mar 2015"wich modern people use a lot" So like what? :)Why getting soft. .. out of arguments.. Yeah well stop bragging and selling and just admit.. your"precious" not worth the money Apple charge for.. And definitely is not the best phone on the market. .. ;-).; Why getting soft. .. out of arguments.. Yeah well stop bragging and selling and just admit.. your"precious" not worth the money Apple charge for.. And definitely is not the best phone on the market. .. ;-).
Pear, 17 Mar 2015You charge your phone every 3 days? Why do you even need a smartphone then? Surely a Nokia 331... morelol Pear.
 
 I think you are estimating right?
 
 Your LG G3 has 3k mAH battery. And you are HD Youtubing, your LG G3 dies in 2 hours time.
 
 So you expect a 1.8K mAH iPhone to die in 1 hour of Youtube.
 
 Sorry to disappoint you, 1 hour normally will deplete around 10%. Its ok, i can't imagine a iHater such as yourself using iPhone for more then 1 hour.
 
 Joke aside. To be fair to your beloved LG G3, the battery drain for 1 hour of HD viewing should be around the same ball park. 1hr ~ 10% .. very good estimate (I know its less then that in real life). But you are carrying twice the battery and need to charge longer compared to iPhone.; lol Pear.; I think you are estimating right?; Your LG G3 has 3k mAH battery. And you are HD Youtubing, your LG G3 dies in 2 hours time.; So you expect a 1.8K mAH iPhone to die in 1 hour of Youtube.; Sorry to disappoint you, 1 hour normally will deplete around 10%. Its ok, i can't imagine a iHater such as yourself using iPhone for more then 1 hour.; Joke aside. To be fair to your beloved LG G3, the battery drain for 1 hour of HD viewing should be around the same ball park. 1hr ~ 10% .. very good estimate (I know its less then that in real life). But you are carrying twice the battery and need to charge longer compared to iPhone.
Sta-ko, 17 Mar 2015Oooouuuu did you feel offended by the word simple, don't try to go technical it's SIMPLE as ... more"wich modern people use a lot"
 
 So like what? :); "wich modern people use a lot"; So like what? :)
Ted, 17 Mar 2015there are tons of android running dual cores, there are laptops running dual cores. The qualit... moreOooouuuu did you feel offended by the word simple, don't try to go technical it's SIMPLE as it is-when you open most of the operations in IOS if you want to or if you have to do something else on the phone you have to shut it intairly and then start it up again from the beginning, but android invented something they called Multitasking wich modern people use a lot this days obviously you don't need that you just need to dial and browse, we'll any cheap modern android phone will do that for you surprisingly without lag.. . For 6-7 times less $. But what your friends will say see you with that cheap phone... Yeahh it's a dilema.; Oooouuuu did you feel offended by the word simple, don't try to go technical it's SIMPLE as it is-when you open most of the operations in IOS if you want to or if you have to do something else on the phone you have to shut it intairly and then start it up again from the beginning, but android invented something they called Multitasking wich modern people use a lot this days obviously you don't need that you just need to dial and browse, we'll any cheap modern android phone will do that for you surprisingly without lag.. . For 6-7 times less $. But what your friends will say see you with that cheap phone... Yeahh it's a dilema.
The lag thing is so funny. Just goes to show how little these people know about phones.
 
 If you had a Galaxy Ace or Young and then moved to an iphone 5 or 6 and you actually think "omg, iphones are so much better than android", then you need a reality check and deserve to stick to iphone to suit your intellect. x; The lag thing is so funny. Just goes to show how little these people know about phones.; If you had a Galaxy Ace or Young and then moved to an iphone 5 or 6 and you actually think "omg, iphones are so much better than android", then you need a reality check and deserve to stick to iphone to suit your intellect. x
WaBBy500, 17 Mar 2015I don't even want an ios running device for lifetime,please !!!! I don't even want a lagdriod user in this iPhone user opinion page ,please.; I don't even want a lagdriod user in this iPhone user opinion page ,please.
I had iphone 5s 16gb i really loves apple it was my apple device after a long time( i had iphone 4 ). After iphone 4 i used galaxy s2,note 2,s4 and s5 i was bored with android i tried iphone 5s i poved it. Unfortunatey 16gb wasnt enough i wanted 64gb then i bought iphone 6 coz when i compared iphone 5s and 6 screen is gorgeous on iphone 6. Using iphone 6 from 2 months it hangs at times. Ios 8 was preinstalled i updated my device everytime( which i dnt like to do) thinking issue will be resolved. But ios8 also have that issue.
 Was happy with iphone 5s. Idk abt performance i never want my phone to hang thats all.; I had iphone 5s 16gb i really loves apple it was my apple device after a long time( i had iphone 4 ). After iphone 4 i used galaxy s2,note 2,s4 and s5 i was bored with android i tried iphone 5s i poved it. Unfortunatey 16gb wasnt enough i wanted 64gb then i bought iphone 6 coz when i compared iphone 5s and 6 screen is gorgeous on iphone 6. Using iphone 6 from 2 months it hangs at times. Ios 8 was preinstalled i updated my device everytime( which i dnt like to do) thinking issue will be resolved. But ios8 also have that issue.; Was happy with iphone 5s. Idk abt performance i never want my phone to hang thats all.
Duel, 17 Mar 2015Clearly you doesn't own one, only people who talk about dual core etc are users who havent use... moreIt doesn't lagg becouse it has very good GPU which afcorse is not an Apple product... :-), and the games for phones doesn't need that much CPU power than GPU.. And the lag of lagg in the IOS is becouse of the LAG of any functionality and becouse of the over restrictions... just short cuts.. no multitasking. Overall lag of imagination.. . Or it's just for "simple" people.?!?; It doesn't lagg becouse it has very good GPU which afcorse is not an Apple product... :-), and the games for phones doesn't need that much CPU power than GPU.. And the lag of lagg in the IOS is becouse of the LAG of any functionality and becouse of the over restrictions... just short cuts.. no multitasking. Overall lag of imagination.. . Or it's just for "simple" people.?!?
DUEL, 17 Mar 2015So why you are here then? :D you know this is place for iPhone users or potential users. If yo... moreYou too are missing my point i said that i had 5s doesn't mean that i don't have a right to post my opinion.Sometimes its not hatred its an experience written our point is only to prove you that nothing is perfect don't try to make it perfect rather accept the imperfect.; You too are missing my point i said that i had 5s doesn't mean that i don't have a right to post my opinion.Sometimes its not hatred its an experience written our point is only to prove you that nothing is perfect don't try to make it perfect rather accept the imperfect.
WaBBy500, 17 Mar 2015I think you are lying pear said the truth.I had i repeat i had iphone 5s and battery life is n... moreYou are missing the point, i didnt said iPhone battery is best, but its lot better than what Pear said, you can play hours youtube video before battery dies.
 
 Last time i watched long video with my 5S was two years ago Apple keynote it lasted around one hour and i lost around 20-25% battery in that time. Which actually was big surprise to me, i thought it would use a lot more battery.; You are missing the point, i didnt said iPhone battery is best, but its lot better than what Pear said, you can play hours youtube video before battery dies.; Last time i watched long video with my 5S was two years ago Apple keynote it lasted around one hour and i lost around 20-25% battery in that time. Which actually was big surprise to me, i thought it would use a lot more battery.
Duel, 17 Mar 2015"Scratch that, watch Youtube for an hour and use skype for another hour. Your phone will ... moreWhy people should belive you.. . An iPhone seller who don't reply on the address issues...; Why people should belive you.. . An iPhone seller who don't reply on the address issues...
WaBBy500, 17 Mar 2015I don't even want an ios running device for lifetime,please !!!! So why you are here then? :D you know this is place for iPhone users or potential users. If you dont like iPhone why would you write here?
 
 it would be same if i start to write every android phone sections, why would i do that? don't care them not commenting, for some strange reason people who dont like iphone etc just keep coming back and back.; So why you are here then? :D you know this is place for iPhone users or potential users. If you dont like iPhone why would you write here?; it would be same if i start to write every android phone sections, why would i do that? don't care them not commenting, for some strange reason people who dont like iphone etc just keep coming back and back.
Duel, 17 Mar 2015"Scratch that, watch Youtube for an hour and use skype for another hour. Your phone will ... moreI think you are lying pear said the truth.I had i repeat i had iphone 5s and battery life is nuisance, 6 has slightly better battery than 5s but still not upto the mark.; I think you are lying pear said the truth.I had i repeat i had iphone 5s and battery life is nuisance, 6 has slightly better battery than 5s but still not upto the mark.
Kunjumon, 17 Mar 2015I don't have lag in iOS ,maybe you have that problem ,because you don't have any iOS running device.I don't even want an ios running device for lifetime,please !!!!; I don't even want an ios running device for lifetime,please !!!!
Pear, 17 Mar 2015You charge your phone every 3 days? Why do you even need a smartphone then? Surely a Nokia 331... more"Scratch that, watch Youtube for an hour and use skype for another hour. Your phone will have almost no battery left"
 
 WARNING! don't believe this crap coming from pears mouth, he's just a liar.
 
 Even my iPhone 5s can play youtube for hours and iPhone 6 has better battery life.; "Scratch that, watch Youtube for an hour and use skype for another hour. Your phone will have almost no battery left"; WARNING! don't believe this crap coming from pears mouth, he's just a liar.; Even my iPhone 5s can play youtube for hours and iPhone 6 has better battery life.
WaBBy500, 17 Mar 2015DO i need to mention IOS 8 LAG PROBLEM ???? I have tonnes of articles.I don't have lag in iOS ,maybe you have that problem ,because you don't have any iOS running device.; I don't have lag in iOS ,maybe you have that problem ,because you don't have any iOS running device.
Kunjumon, 16 Mar 2015It can do everything for my needs, and I don't want 'smart-scroll' like crap features in my p... moreIt was a favor to you from samsung.; It was a favor to you from samsung.
Kunjumon, 16 Mar 2015http://www.gsmarena.com/initial_htc_one_m9_batch_delayed_due_to_software_issues-news-11563.php... moreDO i need to mention IOS 8 LAG PROBLEM ???? I have tonnes of articles.; DO i need to mention IOS 8 LAG PROBLEM ???? I have tonnes of articles.
Hello everyone This is the first time I am posting my response. For months i have been reading responses of die hard fans of both apple and android. I had started visiting this site to get a true picture regarding the type of smartphone i want to buy but it seems people are here fighting a battle on behalf of apple and android.; Hello everyone This is the first time I am posting my response. For months i have been reading responses of die hard fans of both apple and android. I had started visiting this site to get a true picture regarding the type of smartphone i want to buy but it seems people are here fighting a battle on behalf of apple and android.
Anonymous, 16 Mar 2015I charge my phone evey 3 days on regular usage........ Once every 4 days with lite usage. Stop... moreYou charge your phone every 3 days? Why do you even need a smartphone then? Surely a Nokia 3310 should do you just fine then...
 
 Try this, watch a Full HD video on Youtube for half an hour...oh wait, i forgot you can't with the iphones...
 
 Scratch that, watch Youtube for an hour and use skype for another hour. Your phone will have almost no battery left. I have used one exactly for that, i know that to be sure. After that go try an LG G3, Z3, Note 4 or even an S5 for the exact same and you will be surprised to notice that you still have about 40% of your battery left...
 
 But checking your text and emails from mom every 5 hours is not really smartphone usage...; You charge your phone every 3 days? Why do you even need a smartphone then? Surely a Nokia 3310 should do you just fine then...; Try this, watch a Full HD video on Youtube for half an hour...oh wait, i forgot you can't with the iphones...; Scratch that, watch Youtube for an hour and use skype for another hour. Your phone will have almost no battery left. I have used one exactly for that, i know that to be sure. After that go try an LG G3, Z3, Note 4 or even an S5 for the exact same and you will be surprised to notice that you still have about 40% of your battery left...; But checking your text and emails from mom every 5 hours is not really smartphone usage...
I was have an iPhone 4s I sale it as used .. And bought htc one m8 ,,, I used this phone for only 10 days .,, then I saw the difference ,, iphone is the best,,,so I sold the htc one m8 and bought the iphone 6 it's the most perfect phone; I was have an iPhone 4s I sale it as used .. And bought htc one m8 ,,, I used this phone for only 10 days .,, then I saw the difference ,, iphone is the best,,,so I sold the htc one m8 and bought the iphone 6 it's the most perfect phone
Sta-ko, 17 Mar 2015It doesn't lagg becouse it has very good GPU which afcorse is not an Apple product... :-), an... morethere are tons of android running dual cores, there are laptops running dual cores. The quality of the cores are important. Put a lousy android cpu into iphone, iphone will also lag.
 
 All OSs have multi-task. They just choose to implement them differently. Android OS use long running services without restrictions, iOS use controlled services that is restricted to various activities, such as task completion, voice o ip or audio plackback, it provides best of multi-tasking with the best of performance and battery life. Not only that, its easier to write multitask code in iOS compared to Androids OS, thus you see great performance in iOS app.
 
 People like you who have no idea about backend, claiming iOS is simple because you only see the frontend. Its one of the most advance os at date, yet it provides ease of use to user frontend.; there are tons of android running dual cores, there are laptops running dual cores. The quality of the cores are important. Put a lousy android cpu into iphone, iphone will also lag.; All OSs have multi-task. They just choose to implement them differently. Android OS use long running services without restrictions, iOS use controlled services that is restricted to various activities, such as task completion, voice o ip or audio plackback, it provides best of multi-tasking with the best of performance and battery life. Not only that, its easier to write multitask code in iOS compared to Androids OS, thus you see great performance in iOS app.; People like you who have no idea about backend, claiming iOS is simple because you only see the frontend. Its one of the most advance os at date, yet it provides ease of use to user frontend.
Duel, 17 Mar 2015Clearly you doesn't own one, only people who talk about dual core etc are users who havent use... moreIt doesn't lagg becouse it has very good GPU which afcorse is not an Apple product... :-), and the games for phones doesn't need that much CPU power than GPU.. And the lag of lagg in the IOS is becouse of the LAG of any functionality and becouse of the over restrictions... just short cuts.. no multitasking. Overall lag of imagination.. . Or it's just for "simple" people.?!?; It doesn't lagg becouse it has very good GPU which afcorse is not an Apple product... :-), and the games for phones doesn't need that much CPU power than GPU.. And the lag of lagg in the IOS is becouse of the LAG of any functionality and becouse of the over restrictions... just short cuts.. no multitasking. Overall lag of imagination.. . Or it's just for "simple" people.?!?
Duel, 17 Mar 2015Clearly you doesn't own one, only people who talk about dual core etc are users who havent use... moreOnly obvious thing is that you have never have good android phone. .. that's obvious! Maybe should give a try.. That lag you constantly parroting about is in your head!; Only obvious thing is that you have never have good android phone. .. that's obvious! Maybe should give a try.. That lag you constantly parroting about is in your head!
Biswarup, 16 Mar 2015Well compare to its price i would this phone is nothing like it supposed to be.. Dual core pro... moreClearly you doesn't own one, only people who talk about dual core etc are users who havent used it. Everyone who have used iPhone knows that dual core runs everything fast and perfectly smooth.
 
 So isn't the real performance more important than what reads on paper? I would understand that kind of comment if games would lag and device feels slow etc. Then i would say why only dual core, but the performance is superb so why would i care what reads in paper?; Clearly you doesn't own one, only people who talk about dual core etc are users who havent used it. Everyone who have used iPhone knows that dual core runs everything fast and perfectly smooth.; So isn't the real performance more important than what reads on paper? I would understand that kind of comment if games would lag and device feels slow etc. Then i would say why only dual core, but the performance is superb so why would i care what reads in paper?
besT phone ever kudos Apple! performance is superb, batterylife is great, Screen quality is the besT, call quality superb, Camera is perfect, front camera is fine (not great),; besT phone ever kudos Apple! performance is superb, batterylife is great, Screen quality is the besT, call quality superb, Camera is perfect, front camera is fine (not great),
Duel, 16 Mar 2015"Daily intrest is 35 % ..okay . but what about voting result? .. 5.0, 4.9, & 5.2. tha... moreWell compare to its price i would this phone is nothing like it supposed to be.. Dual core processor/1 GB Ram all other average features for a top dog phone cant expect much of a voting when ppl except so much more from apple..; Well compare to its price i would this phone is nothing like it supposed to be.. Dual core processor/1 GB Ram all other average features for a top dog phone cant expect much of a voting when ppl except so much more from apple..
Pear, 16 Mar 20151. What lagging? This is one thing i still have to get. What lagging? I have played extensivel... moreI charge my phone evey 3 days on regular usage........ Once every 4 days with lite usage. Stop,trolling pear. You know what get back to work at your phone store.; I charge my phone evey 3 days on regular usage........ Once every 4 days with lite usage. Stop,trolling pear. You know what get back to work at your phone store.
Mohammed Ashraf, 16 Mar 2015The best phone I have ever used.I have used many phones like note 3 and Xperia z2 but nothing ... moreLot of people saying same thing and this phone keep selling like crazy and yet some iHaters keep saying how bad it is.; Lot of people saying same thing and this phone keep selling like crazy and yet some iHaters keep saying how bad it is.
Kunjumon, 16 Mar 2015It can do everything for my needs, and I don't want 'smart-scroll' like crap features in my p... moreOk when torrent clients available for ios plz wake me up; Ok when torrent clients available for ios plz wake me up
jucict, 16 Mar 2015Daily intrest is 35 % ..okay . but what about voting result? .. 5.0, 4.9, & 5.2. that's pr... more"Daily intrest is 35 % ..okay . but what about voting result? .. 5.0, 4.9, & 5.2. that's pretty average for a top dog mobile like iphone 6"
 
 Anyone can vote the results, you dont need to own iPhone or any Apple product to vote, those numbers are like that because of android fanboys coming to give 1,1,1 right away before the device is even in stores. Kind a says how childish they are. Same happened with every iOS device.; "Daily intrest is 35 % ..okay . but what about voting result? .. 5.0, 4.9, & 5.2. that's pretty average for a top dog mobile like iphone 6"; Anyone can vote the results, you dont need to own iPhone or any Apple product to vote, those numbers are like that because of android fanboys coming to give 1,1,1 right away before the device is even in stores. Kind a says how childish they are. Same happened with every iOS device.
what happens when delete some app which drain battery, does it still remains in battery usage menu or dissapear?; what happens when delete some app which drain battery, does it still remains in battery usage menu or dissapear?
WaBBy500, 16 Mar 2015As i said earlier One M8 has the best android skin and there it is better optimization of soft... morehttp://www.gsmarena.com/initial_htc_one_m9_batch­_delayed_due_to_software_issues-news-11563.php 
 What a precious software?; What a precious software?
WaBBy500, 16 Mar 2015As i said earlier One M8 has the best android skin and there it is better optimization of soft... moreHtc m8 camera is crap and repairable score is too low .
 Low resale value and poor after sale service ,that is benefit of your htc waste.; Htc m8 camera is crap and repairable score is too low .; Low resale value and poor after sale service ,that is benefit of your htc waste.
WaBBy500, 16 Mar 2015Atleast it should work smooth because it can't do more functions as your S4 did. It can do everything for my needs, and I don't want 'smart-scroll' like crap features in my phone. You don't know how to use a iOS device ,that is sure.; It can do everything for my needs, and I don't want 'smart-scroll' like crap features in my phone. You don't know how to use a iOS device ,that is sure.
Kunjumon, 13 Mar 2015iOS has good quality applications and it is more polished operating system than android . For ... moreAtleast it should work smooth because it can't do more functions as your S4 did.; Atleast it should work smooth because it can't do more functions as your S4 did.
Duel, 13 Mar 2015I can answer to this question. Owning Apple deivce you can be sure it runs everything perfe... moreAs i said earlier One M8 has the best android skin and there it is better optimization of software, i never saw any lag on the phone or heating up thing it works flawlessly.What makes an iphone different than ?????? You call for performance and premium build Htc One M8 is the answer.; As i said earlier One M8 has the best android skin and there it is better optimization of software, i never saw any lag on the phone or heating up thing it works flawlessly.What makes an iphone different than ?????? You call for performance and premium build Htc One M8 is the answer.
jucict, 16 Mar 2015Daily intrest is 35 % ..okay . but what about voting result? .. 5.0, 4.9, & 5.2. that's pr... moreiHaters.
 
 Why does S6 get 7s and Edge get 8s.. even when not released? So many time travelers?; iHaters.; Why does S6 get 7s and Edge get 8s.. even when not released? So many time travelers?
1. What lagging? This is one thing i still have to get. What lagging? I have played extensively with HTC M9, S5, Alpha, Note 4 and my own LG G3. None of them lag. In fact, when i had it for a month my iphone 6 was getting much hotter than my LG G3 when i was playing games and stuff.
 
 2. No serious reviewer or publication considers it the best phone of 2014, despite it being released late in he year and in some cases half a year later than some its competitors.
 
 3. We get it! The iphone 6 performs fantastic for its low specs. And that is wonderful. Why? It does nothing special or innovative.
 
 4. Still one of the worst battery performance out there, even . What is the point in buying a phone that dies on you after a couple of hours of watching Youtube? Even stand-by time is a joke.
 
 5. Highest margins in the mobile phone industry by a mile. No other brand or phone comes even close. It is a known fact that there are loads of phones that cost more to manufacture and cost less in the actual shops.
 
 This being said, it is perfectly ok for a brand to have some following in a capitalist society (sadly, i might add). But there is no reason for this phone to be this big and the only reason is that, due to smart marketing, they made the phone look more like a 'status symbol' than an actual smartphone. Numbers, reasoning and logic is all there to observe that. But no, here comes the army of fanboys trying to convince me, others and most importantly, themselves, that their silly little purchase is somehow justified. x; 1. What lagging? This is one thing i still have to get. What lagging? I have played extensively with HTC M9, S5, Alpha, Note 4 and my own LG G3. None of them lag. In fact, when i had it for a month my iphone 6 was getting much hotter than my LG G3 when i was playing games and stuff.; 2. No serious reviewer or publication considers it the best phone of 2014, despite it being released late in he year and in some cases half a year later than some its competitors.; 3. We get it! The iphone 6 performs fantastic for its low specs. And that is wonderful. Why? It does nothing special or innovative.; 4. Still one of the worst battery performance out there, even . What is the point in buying a phone that dies on you after a couple of hours of watching Youtube? Even stand-by time is a joke.; 5. Highest margins in the mobile phone industry by a mile. No other brand or phone comes even close. It is a known fact that there are loads of phones that cost more to manufacture and cost less in the actual shops.; This being said, it is perfectly ok for a brand to have some following in a capitalist society (sadly, i might add). But there is no reason for this phone to be this big and the only reason is that, due to smart marketing, they made the phone look more like a 'status symbol' than an actual smartphone. Numbers, reasoning and logic is all there to observe that. But no, here comes the army of fanboys trying to convince me, others and most importantly, themselves, that their silly little purchase is somehow justified. x
Daily intrest is 35 % ..okay . but what about voting result? .. 5.0, 4.9, & 5.2. that's pretty average for a top dog mobile like iphone 6; Daily intrest is 35 % ..okay . but what about voting result? .. 5.0, 4.9, & 5.2. that's pretty average for a top dog mobile like iphone 6
Anonymous, 16 Mar 2015Fast and easy use. Performance and quality ensured. Android users tried their best to degra... moreDid you figure that by yourself or its ready lines that your employers gave you to write it down.; Did you figure that by yourself or its ready lines that your employers gave you to write it down.
Anonymous, 16 Mar 2015Fast and easy use. Performance and quality ensured. Android users tried their best to degra... moreAfter last comments your bosses from Apple must push you hard to start replying to your own comments :
 
 > In reply to Anonymous @ 2015-03-16 01:03 from fxMc - click to read
 "With trollers such as yourself. iPhone 6 will never be forgotten. Your continue interest in this page, and the need to return here day after day will keep it alive."
 
 Exactly, now the daily interest for this phone is 35% growing every day
 
 Well the man has to eat right.. Maybe if you start answering to the facts some of us put on dicution you will keep your job!; After last comments your bosses from Apple must push you hard to start replying to your own comments :; > In reply to Anonymous @ 2015-03-16 01:03 from fxMc - click to read; "With trollers such as yourself. iPhone 6 will never be forgotten. Your continue interest in this page, and the need to return here day after day will keep it alive."; Exactly, now the daily interest for this phone is 35% growing every day; Well the man has to eat right.. Maybe if you start answering to the facts some of us put on dicution you will keep your job!
Fast and easy use. Performance and quality ensured.
 
 Android users tried their best to degrade the dual core / 8MP / 1GB ram phone. 
 
 Some argue with cheap budget phones, which cannot even play those high end games in the Google Play store.
 
 Some argue with flagship android phone. - come with top of the line octa core /4GB ram / 21MP camera. Yet cannot have 100% smooth fast operation.. More like Lagship android phones. And you always get to see those lagship phone vs iPhone everywhere. "Google" iPhone vs ... you will always get the highest hit count.
 
 Confuse why a dual core / 1GB ram / 8MP phone can defeat all those lagship phone? Go Apple store and test this awesome phone out, play some games / use some apps / snap some pictures, compare to your lagship android or budget droid. See what i mean.; Fast and easy use. Performance and quality ensured.; Android users tried their best to degrade the dual core / 8MP / 1GB ram phone.; Some argue with cheap budget phones, which cannot even play those high end games in the Google Play store.; Some argue with flagship android phone. - come with top of the line octa core /4GB ram / 21MP camera. Yet cannot have 100% smooth fast operation.. More like Lagship android phones. And you always get to see those lagship phone vs iPhone everywhere. "Google" iPhone vs ... you will always get the highest hit count.; Confuse why a dual core / 1GB ram / 8MP phone can defeat all those lagship phone? Go Apple store and test this awesome phone out, play some games / use some apps / snap some pictures, compare to your lagship android or budget droid. See what i mean.
[deleted post]Ironically you give yourself the name "freedom". Yet your telling people not to pick Apple. Wheres that "freedom"?
 
 And besides, isn't it good to have me to jog that trolling brain of yours? How to fire me when i am not hired in the first place?
 
 I do not need to proof iPhone's quality or price. Millions have proof that to you, buying it and stating how well built it is, and quality in apps, with 99% satisfaction.; Ironically you give yourself the name "freedom". Yet your telling people not to pick Apple. Wheres that "freedom"?; And besides, isn't it good to have me to jog that trolling brain of yours? How to fire me when i am not hired in the first place?; I do not need to proof iPhone's quality or price. Millions have proof that to you, buying it and stating how well built it is, and quality in apps, with 99% satisfaction.
Anonymous, 16 Mar 2015Nope :) With trollers such as yourself. iPhone 6 will never be forgotten. Your continue int... more"With trollers such as yourself. iPhone 6 will never be forgotten. Your continue interest in this page, and the need to return here day after day will keep it alive."
 
 Exactly, now the daily interest for this phone is 35% growing every day; "With trollers such as yourself. iPhone 6 will never be forgotten. Your continue interest in this page, and the need to return here day after day will keep it alive."; Exactly, now the daily interest for this phone is 35% growing every day
Anonymous, 16 Mar 2015Nope :) With trollers such as yourself. iPhone 6 will never be forgotten. Your continue int... moreWell I think Apple should fire you becouse you are doing very poor job defending and prooving iPhone quality. Not answering maigere pointed issues you proofed how overpriced that phone is! So Apple please give us a challenge.. .; Well I think Apple should fire you becouse you are doing very poor job defending and prooving iPhone quality. Not answering maigere pointed issues you proofed how overpriced that phone is! So Apple please give us a challenge.. .
There are many other phones having much more facilities and better camera than iPhone 6. This is waste of money; There are many other phones having much more facilities and better camera than iPhone 6. This is waste of money
Freedom , 15 Mar 2015Cheaper and much much better and that's on presell when out. .. iPhone 6 will be forgotten. Nope :)
 
 With trollers such as yourself. iPhone 6 will never be forgotten. Your continue interest in this page, and the need to return here day after day will keep it alive.; Nope :); With trollers such as yourself. iPhone 6 will never be forgotten. Your continue interest in this page, and the need to return here day after day will keep it alive.
Duel, 15 Mar 2015"And it's interesting that you know those selling iPhone numbers so accurate" Wha... moreYeah I doubt that there is anyone else in that forum that knows and even cares about those numbers so tell us is the sellerary good and how to apply..; Yeah I doubt that there is anyone else in that forum that knows and even cares about those numbers so tell us is the sellerary good and how to apply..
Freedom , 15 Mar 2015And it's interesting that you know those selling iPhone numbers so accurate you are beginn... more"And it's interesting that you know those selling iPhone numbers so accurate"
 
 What numbers? You can find almost anything from google?; "And it's interesting that you know those selling iPhone numbers so accurate"; What numbers? You can find almost anything from google?
Duel, 15 Mar 2015Not sure what you try to say here? but i'm very surprised how badly galaxy S6 edge is doing in... moreAnd it's interesting that you know those selling iPhone numbers so accurate you are beginning to show that it's your job or something is it. That explains the unhealthy iPhone propaganda from you.; And it's interesting that you know those selling iPhone numbers so accurate you are beginning to show that it's your job or something is it. That explains the unhealthy iPhone propaganda from you.
Anonymous, 15 Mar 2015Haha.. top of the list.. a non released flagship s6. Down the list.. all those non flagship... moreCheaper and much much better and that's on presell when out. .. iPhone 6 will be forgotten.; Cheaper and much much better and that's on presell when out. .. iPhone 6 will be forgotten.
Pear, 15 Mar 2015I'd like to draw your attention to a very interesting article on the main page of this very we... moreNot sure what you try to say here? but i'm very surprised how badly galaxy S6 edge is doing in that list.
 
 Have you noticed that daily interest for this 6 month old iPhone 6 has grew 12% in just one week! When this week started it was 21% and now its 33%. Interesting to see old dog gaining momentum.; Not sure what you try to say here? but i'm very surprised how badly galaxy S6 edge is doing in that list.; Have you noticed that daily interest for this 6 month old iPhone 6 has grew 12% in just one week! When this week started it was 21% and now its 33%. Interesting to see old dog gaining momentum.
Pear, 15 Mar 2015I'd like to draw your attention to a very interesting article on the main page of this very we... moreHaha.. top of the list.. a non released flagship s6.
 
 Down the list.. all those non flagship phones.
 
 Then followed by the first flagship / HTC also non released.
 
 Then iPhone 6. Then followed by yet another non released edge.. and the budget Zen.
 
 What does this shows? Android users are just going for cheap phones to buy. And interested in new tech release news. 
 
 Buying? Committed / Convinced to buy? Not much. If it is accurate, where is Xiaomi? Where is Lenovo? Those are tops in the android world.; Haha.. top of the list.. a non released flagship s6.; Down the list.. all those non flagship phones.; Then followed by the first flagship / HTC also non released.; Then iPhone 6. Then followed by yet another non released edge.. and the budget Zen.; What does this shows? Android users are just going for cheap phones to buy. And interested in new tech release news.; Buying? Committed / Convinced to buy? Not much. If it is accurate, where is Xiaomi? Where is Lenovo? Those are tops in the android world.
Duel, 13 Mar 2015I can answer to this question. Owning Apple deivce you can be sure it runs everything perfe... moreI'd like to draw your attention to a very interesting article on the main page of this very website. The top 10 trending smart phones of the past week. iPhone 6 ranks at number 8. The other 9 phones on the list are all Android. I rest my case.; I'd like to draw your attention to a very interesting article on the main page of this very website. The top 10 trending smart phones of the past week. iPhone 6 ranks at number 8. The other 9 phones on the list are all Android. I rest my case.
Duel, 15 Mar 2015So why dont install 8.2? It's the newest versionUser is a troll. That fact that she is making such a big deal out of nothing kinda gives it away that she's not really an iPhone user.; User is a troll. That fact that she is making such a big deal out of nothing kinda gives it away that she's not really an iPhone user.
[deleted post]Load of crap. I have the latest version and it's totally fine on my iPad mini and iPhone 6. Stop making things up you troll.; Load of crap. I have the latest version and it's totally fine on my iPad mini and iPhone 6. Stop making things up you troll.
Anonymous, 15 Mar 2015The language is important here, because there is nothing worth understanding about your comment. Yeah truth hurts, and we all know now that you're making anything else but to answer to the point.; Yeah truth hurts, and we all know now that you're making anything else but to answer to the point.
[deleted post]So why dont install 8.2? It's the newest version; So why dont install 8.2? It's the newest version
im a long time Android user. Then decided to try iphone 6. recently i have updated the iOS to 8.1.3. guess what?!!.. now there is no wifi and bluetooth. tried all the possible FIX. but nothing.. Probably a software issue.. i searched in google and found this.
 
 https://discussions.apple.com/thread/6807431?sta­rt=30&tstart=0 
 
 this is not a unique issue. many users having the same problem as I do. and until now there is no FIx available.
 
 Lesson learned, apple is just a crap mobile company. how can you live without Wifi these days!! my god!! 
 
 Now i have decided to sell my iphone 6, for half the price of 400$ .. and just waiting for someone who is interested with this junk social status phone.; im a long time Android user. Then decided to try iphone 6. recently i have updated the iOS to 8.1.3. guess what?!!.. now there is no wifi and bluetooth. tried all the possible FIX. but nothing.. Probably a software issue.. i searched in google and found this.; this is not a unique issue. many users having the same problem as I do. and until now there is no FIx available.; Lesson learned, apple is just a crap mobile company. how can you live without Wifi these days!! my god!!; Now i have decided to sell my iphone 6, for half the price of 400$ .. and just waiting for someone who is interested with this junk social status phone.
svcsuresh, 14 Mar 2015I planning to buy iphone6 16gb please suggeste meBetter choose 64 gb; Better choose 64 gb
Freedom , 13 Mar 2015Whatever it's not my language you understood me that's important. The language is important here, because there is nothing worth understanding about your comment.; The language is important here, because there is nothing worth understanding about your comment.
svcsuresh, 14 Mar 2015I planning to buy iphone6 16gb please suggeste meget 64gb. you will regret the 16. or why not wait another half year and get the 6s. It's going to be waterproof.; get 64gb. you will regret the 16. or why not wait another half year and get the 6s. It's going to be waterproof.
Keeps freezing. less than 6 months I need to get it repaired.; Keeps freezing. less than 6 months I need to get it repaired.
svcsuresh, 14 Mar 2015I planning to buy iphone6 16gb please suggeste meYou have buyed iphone6..
 :-P; You have buyed iphone6..; :-P
Was that it... .. .. noting.. . Say how great and #1 is iPhone..; Was that it... .. .. noting.. . Say how great and #1 is iPhone..
I planning to buy iphone6 16gb please suggeste me; I planning to buy iphone6 16gb please suggeste me
dictionary , 13 Mar 2015it's cheff not sheff It's Chef actually- one f and not two.; It's Chef actually- one f and not two.
dictionary , 13 Mar 2015it's cheff not sheff Whatever it's not my language you understood me that's important.; Whatever it's not my language you understood me that's important.
Freedom , 13 Mar 2015Hehe that's answer yeah noting else to say, we'll your Sheff sucks, only snoobs hire fansi ... moreit's cheff not sheff; it's cheff not sheff
Freedom , 13 Mar 2015What's iphone-it's a phone made by Samsung(procesors, dram, flash drive) , LG(screens) , sharp... moreAnd what those android phones would be without android, oh wait...; And what those android phones would be without android, oh wait...
[deleted post]Deody or something...; Deody or something...
Anonymous, 13 Mar 2015Samsung s6 comes with a sony camera... LG is running a USA qualcomm cpu... Every company is ma... moreHehe that's answer yeah noting else to say, we'll your Sheff sucks, only snoobs hire fansi Sheffs witch can't cook just becouse they are famous.; Hehe that's answer yeah noting else to say, we'll your Sheff sucks, only snoobs hire fansi Sheffs witch can't cook just becouse they are famous.
Freedom , 13 Mar 2015What's iphone-it's a phone made by Samsung(procesors, dram, flash drive) , LG(screens) , sharp... moreSamsung s6 comes with a sony camera... LG is running a USA qualcomm cpu... Every company is making stuff for each other.
 
 You don't praise the ingredients, only the chef that cooks it well.
 
 You don't praise the paint on the painting, you praise the painter who makes it all possible.; Samsung s6 comes with a sony camera... LG is running a USA qualcomm cpu... Every company is making stuff for each other.; You don't praise the ingredients, only the chef that cooks it well.; You don't praise the paint on the painting, you praise the painter who makes it all possible.
Kunjumon, 13 Mar 2015iOS has good quality applications and it is more polished operating system than android . For ... moreS4 was flagship before almost 3 years how are you comparing today's android phones whit iPhone..; S4 was flagship before almost 3 years how are you comparing today's android phones whit iPhone..
Duel, 13 Mar 2015I can answer to this question. Owning Apple deivce you can be sure it runs everything perfe... moreYeah Apple got you by the bols, when everybody in the world can use whatever they want from whoever they want you are stuck to pay to Apple for everything; Yeah Apple got you by the bols, when everybody in the world can use whatever they want from whoever they want you are stuck to pay to Apple for everything
What's iphone-it's a phone made by Samsung(procesors, dram, flash drive) , LG(screens) , sharp(screens) and Arm or some other companies made the GPUs, whit IOS made by Apple, and the only goal of Apple is totake your money any way possible. They made touch ID just for that reason to have one more easy way for you to pay for everything... And that is made for 200$.No innovation no evolution.. just profit!.; What's iphone-it's a phone made by Samsung(procesors, dram, flash drive) , LG(screens) , sharp(screens) and Arm or some other companies made the GPUs, whit IOS made by Apple, and the only goal of Apple is totake your money any way possible. They made touch ID just for that reason to have one more easy way for you to pay for everything... And that is made for 200$.No innovation no evolution.. just profit!.
WaBBy500, 13 Mar 2015Am still looking for my answer and i think you are the one so just tell me what is in an iphon... moreiOS has good quality applications and it is more polished operating system than android . For your information ,my previous phone is galaxy s4 (a flagship) .; iOS has good quality applications and it is more polished operating system than android . For your information ,my previous phone is galaxy s4 (a flagship) .
WaBBy500, 13 Mar 2015Am still looking for my answer and i think you are the one so just tell me what is in an iphon... moreI can answer to this question.
 
 Owning Apple deivce you can be sure it runs everything perfectly well, all the upcoming Apps and games runs without any problem because they are made for that hardware.
 
 Owning current android flagship phones or tablets means you never know if your device can run that new high intense graphic game for example. The performance and lack of optimization means very different results among android devices. Thats the main reason why i would never buy android device before they fix that. Interesting to see if samsung s6 with all that horsepower can fix that, or is the main reason google and android and just like every android devices is the performance mostly in in papers and not in real life.
 
 Also i think this the big reason why android users heavily jumping ship and buying iPhone 6 
 Because they have noticed how great the performance has been with iPhones, there just wasn't right size screen before.; I can answer to this question.; Owning Apple deivce you can be sure it runs everything perfectly well, all the upcoming Apps and games runs without any problem because they are made for that hardware.; Owning current android flagship phones or tablets means you never know if your device can run that new high intense graphic game for example. The performance and lack of optimization means very different results among android devices. Thats the main reason why i would never buy android device before they fix that. Interesting to see if samsung s6 with all that horsepower can fix that, or is the main reason google and android and just like every android devices is the performance mostly in in papers and not in real life.; Also i think this the big reason why android users heavily jumping ship and buying iPhone 6; Because they have noticed how great the performance has been with iPhones, there just wasn't right size screen before.
Right guys, do this complex exercise: search "top smartphones" on google.
 
 On the first pages you will get a few publications that are quite relevant and trusted, pcpro, pcadviser, stuff, techradar, etc.
 
 With the exception of the odd top, most serious publications won't put that at the top.
 
 Now, please bare in mind that the iphone 6 is 2015's last big flagship to be released. It has been released half a year later than some of its contenders which get way more critical acclaim.
 
 If i am spending £600 on a phone now, I want something unique, something that will make it definitively better than a £400 phone released in April or May 2014.
 
 Come May 2015, the iphone 6 will not even crack the top 5 smartphones. 
 
 Now people here are awfully frustrated that they pay so much and are absolutely convinced they have the best phone in the world. But the truth is, there is not even one area in which the iphone 6 excells over other phones in the market. Best camera? No. Best processor? No. Best innovations? No. Most durable? No. Best battery life? No. Most user-friendly? No. (unless you are a simple individual who is afraid of anything that allows you to choose instead of somebody else for you)
 
 So you guys should be happy that there are a few publications that even put it in the top5.
 
 When you have a phone that costs £600 plus and is constantly out-beaten by phones that cost less and were released half a year earlier, than i think you have a problem, not the phone or company. The company has done its job to fool you and you fell for it. x; Right guys, do this complex exercise: search "top smartphones" on google.; On the first pages you will get a few publications that are quite relevant and trusted, pcpro, pcadviser, stuff, techradar, etc.; With the exception of the odd top, most serious publications won't put that at the top.; Now, please bare in mind that the iphone 6 is 2015's last big flagship to be released. It has been released half a year later than some of its contenders which get way more critical acclaim.; If i am spending £600 on a phone now, I want something unique, something that will make it definitively better than a £400 phone released in April or May 2014.; Come May 2015, the iphone 6 will not even crack the top 5 smartphones.; Now people here are awfully frustrated that they pay so much and are absolutely convinced they have the best phone in the world. But the truth is, there is not even one area in which the iphone 6 excells over other phones in the market. Best camera? No. Best processor? No. Best innovations? No. Most durable? No. Best battery life? No. Most user-friendly? No. (unless you are a simple individual who is afraid of anything that allows you to choose instead of somebody else for you); So you guys should be happy that there are a few publications that even put it in the top5.; When you have a phone that costs £600 plus and is constantly out-beaten by phones that cost less and were released half a year earlier, than i think you have a problem, not the phone or company. The company has done its job to fool you and you fell for it. x
only apple can make a barely above 720p phone anno 2015 and have the world pretend it's not a complete piece of crap. Compare this thing to the 3 times cheaper lg g2: twice as many pixels, 0.5 inch larger screen, 1.5x as big battery, barely any size difference on the whole. Yet LG gets the rep of being a useless clone company and apple gets all the praise.; only apple can make a barely above 720p phone anno 2015 and have the world pretend it's not a complete piece of crap. Compare this thing to the 3 times cheaper lg g2: twice as many pixels, 0.5 inch larger screen, 1.5x as big battery, barely any size difference on the whole. Yet LG gets the rep of being a useless clone company and apple gets all the praise.
Kunjumon, 12 Mar 2015Android flagship users: i want specification in paper ,not in performance.my android is not fa... moreAm still looking for my answer and i think you are the one so just tell me what is in an iphone that makes it better than android flagships other than STYLE STATEMENT THING ???? even that doesn't count imo because of one M8 but then too.; Am still looking for my answer and i think you are the one so just tell me what is in an iphone that makes it better than android flagships other than STYLE STATEMENT THING ???? even that doesn't count imo because of one M8 but then too.
Anonymous, 13 Mar 2015.... Not a person. Its website. In fact its a non bias websites. It talks about android and... more"But you visit this site.. its a justified balance review. But of course.. android fanboys are always in denial."
 
 It's always like that, android fanboys just cant accept the fact that iPhone is great phone. I pasted three random websites which listed best phones from 2014 and iPhone did great in everyone of them, but of course they are biased :D Even when first guy said "iPhone has never topped our best smartphone list before" ;); "But you visit this site.. its a justified balance review. But of course.. android fanboys are always in denial."; It's always like that, android fanboys just cant accept the fact that iPhone is great phone. I pasted three random websites which listed best phones from 2014 and iPhone did great in everyone of them, but of course they are biased :D Even when first guy said "iPhone has never topped our best smartphone list before" ;)
Pear, 12 Mar 2015Man, you really are quite poor at this. So you're whole reply to my thing was to reverse my wo... moreHow did you get your iphone? 
 
 Did it turn you into a dumb person? Did you automatically love Justin Biebier? 
 
 You did own iphone for a month.. Did you show any of those symptoms??? If yes, then you can go write a new medical journal. Else you have to eat your own words for degrading normal apple users.; How did you get your iphone?; Did it turn you into a dumb person? Did you automatically love Justin Biebier?; You did own iphone for a month.. Did you show any of those symptoms??? If yes, then you can go write a new medical journal. Else you have to eat your own words for degrading normal apple users.
Pancake, 13 Mar 2015Who's Tom? All the serious non-biased tech magazines place the iphone 6 outside the top 3, ... more.... Not a person. Its website.
 
 In fact its a non bias websites. It talks about android and ios. It also have talks about PC components. and stuff.
 
 You visit android sites, of course you get bias news.
 You visit apple sites, of course you get bias news also.
 
 But you visit this site.. its a justified balance review. But of course.. android fanboys are always in denial. 
 
 I BUY a cheaper phone with higher specs.. But it lags ROFL.. isn't the whole idea of a high spec phone meant to counter lag? I guess android is all about numbers, but when it comes to performance and real life benchmarks.. they fail to deliver.; .... Not a person. Its website.; In fact its a non bias websites. It talks about android and ios. It also have talks about PC components. and stuff.; You visit android sites, of course you get bias news.; You visit apple sites, of course you get bias news also.; But you visit this site.. its a justified balance review. But of course.. android fanboys are always in denial.; I BUY a cheaper phone with higher specs.. But it lags ROFL.. isn't the whole idea of a high spec phone meant to counter lag? I guess android is all about numbers, but when it comes to performance and real life benchmarks.. they fail to deliver.
Duel, 12 Mar 2015Just to make it sure i try one link yet http://www.tomsguide.com/us/best-smartphones,review... moreWho's Tom?
 
 All the serious non-biased tech magazines place the iphone 6 outside the top 3, 5 sometimes even 10 (pcadvisor).
 
 And you bring some blog from a guy named Tom to counterargue that?
 
 Well done. Stick to iphones, please don't try anything else ever...; Who's Tom?; All the serious non-biased tech magazines place the iphone 6 outside the top 3, 5 sometimes even 10 (pcadvisor).; And you bring some blog from a guy named Tom to counterargue that?; Well done. Stick to iphones, please don't try anything else ever...
clara, 12 Mar 2015gd day, &#305; am planning to buy iphone 6 and I would be glad if someone who used this... morein comparision to 5s 32gb, i own iphone 6 64gb for 3 weeks and can say its battery lasts like 50% more and its faster.; in comparision to 5s 32gb, i own iphone 6 64gb for 3 weeks and can say its battery lasts like 50% more and its faster.
Pear, 12 Mar 2015Man, you really are quite poor at this. So you're whole reply to my thing was to reverse my wo... moreAndroid flagship users: i want specification in paper ,not in performance.my android is not fast like iOS but it has 8 core processor and it is awesome! I only have few unused ram and it heating like anything ,but it has 3gb ram on paper that is making me happy.my camera quality is not good like iPhone 6 ,but it has a 16 mp camera ,that is nice. With out apk my android is waste ,I know that but I will love my android because they called it is a open source system .I know iOS has good quality content sharing and downloading apps but I don't care About that ,my android is best ,I am hope that my next android have a 50 core processor and 32gb ram.; Android flagship users: i want specification in paper ,not in performance.my android is not fast like iOS but it has 8 core processor and it is awesome! I only have few unused ram and it heating like anything ,but it has 3gb ram on paper that is making me happy.my camera quality is not good like iPhone 6 ,but it has a 16 mp camera ,that is nice. With out apk my android is waste ,I know that but I will love my android because they called it is a open source system .I know iOS has good quality content sharing and downloading apps but I don't care About that ,my android is best ,I am hope that my next android have a 50 core processor and 32gb ram.
Duel, 12 Mar 2015Just to make it sure i try one link yet http://www.tomsguide.com/us/best-smartphones,review... moreStill advertising... .. one of the links is opinion of the riter, oder is from a site advertising the iPhone and it's about phone with contract, the best phone without contact is One plus one... :-); Still advertising... .. one of the links is opinion of the riter, oder is from a site advertising the iPhone and it's about phone with contract, the best phone without contact is One plus one... :-)
Pear, 12 Mar 2015Man, you really are quite poor at this. So you're whole reply to my thing was to reverse my wo... moreJust to make it sure i try one link yet
 
 http://www.tomsguide.com/us/best-smartphones,rev­iew-2223.html 
 
 "Best Smartphone Overall IPhone 6."; Just to make it sure i try one link yet; "Best Smartphone Overall IPhone 6."
Pear, 12 Mar 2015Man, you really are quite poor at this. So you're whole reply to my thing was to reverse my wo... more
 Another list, (pocket-lint) google it, this time iPhone 6 didnt came second, it came first!
 
 "The iPhone has never topped the our best smartphone charts, but in the iPhone 6 Apple has taken a big step forward. The size, for starters, gives us the screen space we've been asking for years. It might not be the highest resolution around, but it's a great quality display, a visual treat.
 
 That's paired with design that's excellent. It's slick, with a high quality finish, with this bigger iPhone sitting nicely in the hand. It looks great, it feels great, and it's a pleasure to use."
 
 Looks like you were very wrong about what tech people think about iPhone 6.
 
 Third top smartphone list http://www.zdnet.com/article/best-10-smartphones­-at-the-close-of-2014/ 
 
 Another win for iPhone 6.
 
 I opened three random top smartphone list from last few months and results are place 2 and two first places.; Another list, (pocket-lint) google it, this time iPhone 6 didnt came second, it came first!; "The iPhone has never topped the our best smartphone charts, but in the iPhone 6 Apple has taken a big step forward. The size, for starters, gives us the screen space we've been asking for years. It might not be the highest resolution around, but it's a great quality display, a visual treat.; That's paired with design that's excellent. It's slick, with a high quality finish, with this bigger iPhone sitting nicely in the hand. It looks great, it feels great, and it's a pleasure to use."; Looks like you were very wrong about what tech people think about iPhone 6.; Third top smartphone list; Another win for iPhone 6.; I opened three random top smartphone list from last few months and results are place 2 and two first places.
Pear, 12 Mar 2015Man, you really are quite poor at this. So you're whole reply to my thing was to reverse my wo... morehttp://tinyurl.com/kv95sg9 
 
 Another list, this time iPhone 6 didnt came second, it came first!
 
 "The iPhone has never topped the our best smartphone charts, but in the iPhone 6 Apple has taken a big step forward. The size, for starters, gives us the screen space we've been asking for years. It might not be the highest resolution around, but it's a great quality display, a visual treat.
 
 That's paired with design that's excellent. It's slick, with a high quality finish, with this bigger iPhone sitting nicely in the hand. It looks great, it feels great, and it's a pleasure to use."
 
 Looks like you were very wrong (which we of course kne already) about what tech people think about iPhone 6.; Another list, this time iPhone 6 didnt came second, it came first!; "The iPhone has never topped the our best smartphone charts, but in the iPhone 6 Apple has taken a big step forward. The size, for starters, gives us the screen space we've been asking for years. It might not be the highest resolution around, but it's a great quality display, a visual treat.; That's paired with design that's excellent. It's slick, with a high quality finish, with this bigger iPhone sitting nicely in the hand. It looks great, it feels great, and it's a pleasure to use."; Looks like you were very wrong (which we of course kne already) about what tech people think about iPhone 6.
Duel, 12 Mar 2015Techradar just listed 10 best smartphone in the world list http://www.techradar.com/news/ph... moreWhen all this year flagship goes out, it will not be in top 5 for sure. .; When all this year flagship goes out, it will not be in top 5 for sure. .
Pear, 12 Mar 2015Man, you really are quite poor at this. So you're whole reply to my thing was to reverse my wo... moreTechradar just listed 10 best smartphone in the world list
 
 http://www.techradar.com/news/phone-and-communic­ations/mobile-phones/20-best-mobile-phones-in-th­e-world-today-645440 
 
 So according to you iPhone shouldn't be on that list, lets see....
 
 Its not 10, not 9, not 8, not 7, not 6, not 5. Interesting! So it looks like you were right.
 
 Well lets still check another places, no its not in place 4, not at place 3. Damn i guess you really were right.
 
 Oh nevermind, Second place goes to...... IPhone 6!!!; Techradar just listed 10 best smartphone in the world list; So according to you iPhone shouldn't be on that list, lets see....; Its not 10, not 9, not 8, not 7, not 6, not 5. Interesting! So it looks like you were right.; Well lets still check another places, no its not in place 4, not at place 3. Damn i guess you really were right.; Oh nevermind, Second place goes to...... IPhone 6!!!
Duel, 12 Mar 2015"The truth is you know deep down that your phone is not very good, because if you would b... moreMan, you really are quite poor at this. So you're whole reply to my thing was to reverse my words. Kinda like kids with "no, you're bad" and the other one goes "NO, you are bad" and so on forever.
 
 We are mainly taking the micky at you owners, not the phone itself. Why would i care about some mediocre piece of technology? It's mainly the people who spend that much money and are total enclaves of one company which dictates what they think, say and desire.
 
 Samsung still sell the most amount of phone worldwide, yet i have nothing against them. I am not a fan of their phones (although i have to say the S6 Edge at least looks quite nice), but i don't go and mock its users, because they tend to be normal humans who spend time researching and helping out progress and innovation.
 
 Also, i have owned an iphone 6 for a month and i work in a phoneshop, i play with them and required to know about them and their lack of features and abilities. Not terrible overall, just like most reviewers, i would probably put it at the end of a top 10 smartphones out there. For £250-300 i would even recommend it. But £600? For what exactly? A fruit logo?
 
 Do you even hear people's arguments?
 
 Android flagship users: "i think i would like a serious camera with image stabilization. And preferably waterproofing. And maybe the ability to remove the apps i don't need and download any player and music i want and to be able to maybe read the news on the front page without going on some website or app, etc. I think i am happy to pay £300 for that."
 
 Iphone user: "I don't know what it is, it's just something about the iphones. i can't live without it. Apple and jesus love me! They give me a sense of entitlement. I am a simple person, i don't need all that complicated stuff. I want to phone, text and read an email every now and then. How much? £600? i am happy to pay that if it has that Apple logo on the back!
 
 
 That's the jist of it. Best x; Man, you really are quite poor at this. So you're whole reply to my thing was to reverse my words. Kinda like kids with "no, you're bad" and the other one goes "NO, you are bad" and so on forever.; We are mainly taking the micky at you owners, not the phone itself. Why would i care about some mediocre piece of technology? It's mainly the people who spend that much money and are total enclaves of one company which dictates what they think, say and desire.; Samsung still sell the most amount of phone worldwide, yet i have nothing against them. I am not a fan of their phones (although i have to say the S6 Edge at least looks quite nice), but i don't go and mock its users, because they tend to be normal humans who spend time researching and helping out progress and innovation.; Also, i have owned an iphone 6 for a month and i work in a phoneshop, i play with them and required to know about them and their lack of features and abilities. Not terrible overall, just like most reviewers, i would probably put it at the end of a top 10 smartphones out there. For £250-300 i would even recommend it. But £600? For what exactly? A fruit logo?; Do you even hear people's arguments?; Android flagship users: "i think i would like a serious camera with image stabilization. And preferably waterproofing. And maybe the ability to remove the apps i don't need and download any player and music i want and to be able to maybe read the news on the front page without going on some website or app, etc. I think i am happy to pay £300 for that."; Iphone user: "I don't know what it is, it's just something about the iphones. i can't live without it. Apple and jesus love me! They give me a sense of entitlement. I am a simple person, i don't need all that complicated stuff. I want to phone, text and read an email every now and then. How much? £600? i am happy to pay that if it has that Apple logo on the back!; That's the jist of it. Best x
this one carries all geans from its older versions.
 * Great Quality
 * Easy UI
 * Efficient for all high end tasks
 and the best thing is it is a mobile phone i.e. can be carried easily which is the best thing apple does for iPhone
 in short friends this the one which will never let you down and will always be a style statement; this one carries all geans from its older versions.; * Great Quality; * Easy UI; * Efficient for all high end tasks; and the best thing is it is a mobile phone i.e. can be carried easily which is the best thing apple does for iPhone; in short friends this the one which will never let you down and will always be a style statement
Good phone average battery life good rear camera ok front camera but not a spectacular phone .After 1st week of usage i must admit it is overpriced; Good phone average battery life good rear camera ok front camera but not a spectacular phone .After 1st week of usage i must admit it is overpriced
Pear, 12 Mar 2015They're not kiddies, kiddies all have iphones, trust me. They are just people who like tech... more"The truth is you know deep down that your phone is not very good, because if you would be comfortable and happy with it, you would not feel the need to defend it that much." 
 
 You keep making these funny comments :D its more like if you android users are happy with your devices why you guys keep bashing iPhones every day.
 
 Of course we defend the iPhones if people who have never owned one comes and say how bad it is. This section is for iPhone users and upcoming iPhone users. So if you guys are here talking crap about phone which you have never owned of course we defend it.
 
 In reality its very opposite, those android users are very insecure people about their choice and deep down they know its not that good, so they keep bashing iPhones. But now when Apple released those bigger iPhones those insecure android users finally could buy big phone with great performance and it really shows, about everyone else than Apple is currently going down because everyone who are buying highend smartphone are choosing iPhone 6.; "The truth is you know deep down that your phone is not very good, because if you would be comfortable and happy with it, you would not feel the need to defend it that much."; You keep making these funny comments :D its more like if you android users are happy with your devices why you guys keep bashing iPhones every day.; Of course we defend the iPhones if people who have never owned one comes and say how bad it is. This section is for iPhone users and upcoming iPhone users. So if you guys are here talking crap about phone which you have never owned of course we defend it.; In reality its very opposite, those android users are very insecure people about their choice and deep down they know its not that good, so they keep bashing iPhones. But now when Apple released those bigger iPhones those insecure android users finally could buy big phone with great performance and it really shows, about everyone else than Apple is currently going down because everyone who are buying highend smartphone are choosing iPhone 6.
Bob9, 12 Mar 2015Well put, Duel. How microscopic must a person's life have to be to invest so much intense emot... moreThey're not kiddies, kiddies all have iphones, trust me.
 
 They are just people who like technology and innovation and who have nothing better to do for a few minutes a day than to iritate you.
 
 The truth is you know deep down that your phone is not very good, because if you would be comfortable and happy with it, you would not feel the need to defend it that much. Especially because we are not telling lies when we say they are cheap and do nothing special. x; They're not kiddies, kiddies all have iphones, trust me.; They are just people who like technology and innovation and who have nothing better to do for a few minutes a day than to iritate you.; The truth is you know deep down that your phone is not very good, because if you would be comfortable and happy with it, you would not feel the need to defend it that much. Especially because we are not telling lies when we say they are cheap and do nothing special. x
xHannibal Lecter, 11 Mar 2015to bad that Pear article was written in july 2014 when iphone 6 wasnt even released , what i t... more"You dont cares brooo, ya has money!"
 
 This is so fun. The reason you get so many anti-apple people here, is because of statements like that...it's a breading ground for trolling, you guys make it so easy for us. Your device, too....
 
 Also, just to let you know, there's millions of people owning android phones that are more expensive than iphones...those people come with humbleness and don't justify the quality of their phone because they are expensive. 
 
 The truth is that to the rest of the world, the sane ones, you are not coming across as being wealthy, just a bit plain. You are paying £500 for £100 phone...it's cheap! it's so much cheaper than most android flagship phones. We pay for quality, not a company's and a few CEO's margins.
 
 Oh this is fun. x; "You dont cares brooo, ya has money!"; This is so fun. The reason you get so many anti-apple people here, is because of statements like that...it's a breading ground for trolling, you guys make it so easy for us. Your device, too....; Also, just to let you know, there's millions of people owning android phones that are more expensive than iphones...those people come with humbleness and don't justify the quality of their phone because they are expensive.; The truth is that to the rest of the world, the sane ones, you are not coming across as being wealthy, just a bit plain. You are paying £500 for £100 phone...it's cheap! it's so much cheaper than most android flagship phones. We pay for quality, not a company's and a few CEO's margins.; Oh this is fun. x
gd day,
 
 &#305; am planning to buy iphone 6 and I would be glad if someone who used this phone can give a comment regarding battery life and speed, thks clara; gd day,; &#305; am planning to buy iphone 6 and I would be glad if someone who used this phone can give a comment regarding battery life and speed, thks clara
My iPhone 6 After 2 months performance has outsmart my colleagues s5 and g3 in many ways. iPhone is the best; My iPhone 6 After 2 months performance has outsmart my colleagues s5 and g3 in many ways. iPhone is the best
Duel, 12 Mar 2015100% agree. I cant understand why these non Apple users keep coming to this section and bashin... moreWell put, Duel. How microscopic must a person's life have to be to invest so much intense emotion in the phones or OS systems that other people use? My suspicion is that most of these trollers are kiddies who drool over the specs of high-end phones but make do (playing games, mostly) with the mid-tier phones their parents buy for them. They have no first-hand experience of the iPhone or any of the flagships they pretend to prefer to it.; Well put, Duel. How microscopic must a person's life have to be to invest so much intense emotion in the phones or OS systems that other people use? My suspicion is that most of these trollers are kiddies who drool over the specs of high-end phones but make do (playing games, mostly) with the mid-tier phones their parents buy for them. They have no first-hand experience of the iPhone or any of the flagships they pretend to prefer to it.
Sta-ko, 12 Mar 2015Ones I've sad why am I here, and it's fun to proof you rong, and even living. The only Selsma... more@ Duel.
 
 "it's fun to proof you rong"
 
 This is the comment why. They are not serious about knowing iPhones. They just want to troll, have fun and bash.
 
 Sometimes i feel good words are wasted on them. And typically such comments does not fit the posting rules of this site.
 
 They blame Apple, People who buy from Apple. And they missed the gist of "Over-priced phone."
 
 A phone is worth differently to people. If it suits their needs more, its worth more to them. Most people agree that iPhones are worth its price because of its performance, quality and updates, thus the satisfaction rate.; @ Duel.; "it's fun to proof you rong"; This is the comment why. They are not serious about knowing iPhones. They just want to troll, have fun and bash.; Sometimes i feel good words are wasted on them. And typically such comments does not fit the posting rules of this site.; They blame Apple, People who buy from Apple. And they missed the gist of "Over-priced phone."; A phone is worth differently to people. If it suits their needs more, its worth more to them. Most people agree that iPhones are worth its price because of its performance, quality and updates, thus the satisfaction rate.
Duel, 12 Mar 2015100% agree. I cant understand why these non Apple users keep coming to this section and bashin... moreOnes I've sad why am I here, and it's fun to proof you rong, and even living. The only Selsman here is Duel, comersial after comersial he is advertising that overpriced phone. .. . it's even that or you are very sad sad person.; Ones I've sad why am I here, and it's fun to proof you rong, and even living. The only Selsman here is Duel, comersial after comersial he is advertising that overpriced phone. .. . it's even that or you are very sad sad person.
xHannibal Lecter, 11 Mar 2015to bad that Pear article was written in july 2014 when iphone 6 wasnt even released , what i t... more100% agree. I cant understand why these non Apple users keep coming to this section and bashing apple products every day without even owned one.
 
 I dont spend my days commenting different android or windows phone phone sections, i really dont care at all what others use or are they happy with their devices or not, its THEIR CHOICE! . Somehow those non Apple users are very obsessed about Apple devices and Apple users. For me it just looks and feels so weird, does those guys doing same thing in real life? I doubt that! Or are they just bored and after a net fight?; 100% agree. I cant understand why these non Apple users keep coming to this section and bashing apple products every day without even owned one.; I dont spend my days commenting different android or windows phone phone sections, i really dont care at all what others use or are they happy with their devices or not, its THEIR CHOICE! . Somehow those non Apple users are very obsessed about Apple devices and Apple users. For me it just looks and feels so weird, does those guys doing same thing in real life? I doubt that! Or are they just bored and after a net fight?
spun, 11 Mar 2015man, you are way out of your depth and too desperate to insult Pear which makes you fail miser... moreto bad that Pear article was written in july 2014 when iphone 6 wasnt even released , what i trully think is that android users should mind android devices and iphone users should mind iphones . 2 diferent leagues nothing to compare and thats it after all apple produces one type of phone samsung etc another type . All of you are just comming here for the sake of arguing and because of hate . Ok we get it you really hate iphone you super dislake it , guess what we dont careee broo , we have enough money to buy a iphone and change it in 3 months , if i switch back to android would it make you feel better? if yes why? i am using it not you , what;s youre problem after all?? mind youre own device.; to bad that Pear article was written in july 2014 when iphone 6 wasnt even released , what i trully think is that android users should mind android devices and iphone users should mind iphones . 2 diferent leagues nothing to compare and thats it after all apple produces one type of phone samsung etc another type . All of you are just comming here for the sake of arguing and because of hate . Ok we get it you really hate iphone you super dislake it , guess what we dont careee broo , we have enough money to buy a iphone and change it in 3 months , if i switch back to android would it make you feel better? if yes why? i am using it not you , what;s youre problem after all?? mind youre own device.
Duel, 11 Mar 2015Are you serious with that site? :D where is s5? Note 4? Lg g3? Sony z3, lumia 1020, lumia 930?... moreman, you are way out of your depth and too desperate to insult Pear which makes you fail miserably. He did explain.
 
 You need to read sometimes, not just look at the images. That article explains every phone and the reasoning behind it and there is a reason why those phones are better than iphone 6 or lg g3 or whatever. I have an lg g2 and i love it, but there are definitely phones better than mine when it comes to selfies.
 
 Logic, objectivity and humbleness man, gotta use that sometime...; man, you are way out of your depth and too desperate to insult Pear which makes you fail miserably. He did explain.; You need to read sometimes, not just look at the images. That article explains every phone and the reasoning behind it and there is a reason why those phones are better than iphone 6 or lg g3 or whatever. I have an lg g2 and i love it, but there are definitely phones better than mine when it comes to selfies.; Logic, objectivity and humbleness man, gotta use that sometime...
Pear, 11 Mar 2015You had to dig quite deep on google to find one guy biased enough to say something like that. ... moreAre you serious with that site? :D where is s5? Note 4? Lg g3? Sony z3, lumia 1020, lumia 930?
 
 I think every of those phones has better front cam than most phones listed in that site. Cant you really find anything better? :D
 
 I pasted clear photos with comparison and you pasted me link without any photo? :)
 
 I thought you are sales person... Clearly you are very bad one. You cant even prove that iPhone 6 has bad front cam; Are you serious with that site? :D where is s5? Note 4? Lg g3? Sony z3, lumia 1020, lumia 930?; I think every of those phones has better front cam than most phones listed in that site. Cant you really find anything better? :D; I pasted clear photos with comparison and you pasted me link without any photo? :); I thought you are sales person... Clearly you are very bad one. You cant even prove that iPhone 6 has bad front cam
Duel, 11 Mar 2015"iphones probably don't even come in the top 20 front-camera phones out there" It... moreYou had to dig quite deep on google to find one guy biased enough to say something like that.
 
 I don't really care much about the front camera and I think you missed the point of my previous post completely, but hey, here's an in-depth article on the best front-cameras out there from a trustworthy source, and iphone 6 is nowhere to be found.
 
 Enjoy x
 
 http://www.3g.co.uk/PR/July2014/the-best-smartph­ones-for-selfies.html; You had to dig quite deep on google to find one guy biased enough to say something like that.; I don't really care much about the front camera and I think you missed the point of my previous post completely, but hey, here's an in-depth article on the best front-cameras out there from a trustworthy source, and iphone 6 is nowhere to be found.; Enjoy x
im crazy on iphone6 but i read that its camera is not good so now ihave samsung glaxay prime; im crazy on iphone6 but i read that its camera is not good so now ihave samsung glaxay prime
Pear, 11 Mar 2015Uh, i shall step in here, this is fun. Your tirade of nonsensical questions is hilarious. Y... more"iphones probably don't even come in the top 20 front-camera phones out there"
 
 It has one of,the best front cams in the market
 
 Easily beats the S5 http://media.bestofmicro.com/O/U/458382/original­/iphone-galaxy-s5-photo-selfie2.png 
 
 http://www.imore.com/iphone-6-vs-galaxy-s5-vs-ht­c-one-m8-camera-shootout 
 
 "don't use the front-facing camera on my iPhone very often but when I do, it's for selfies. Yeah, I just went there. As you can tell, all three cameras do an acceptable job but pay attention to the background. In both samples, the iPhone 6 was able to balance the image while the M8 and S5 both wash out everything behind the subjects.
 
 Winner: iPhone 6"
 
 Only better front cams you can find is from Nokia
 
 IPhone 6 was clear winner, i actually didnt knew iPhone 6 front cam is that good; "iphones probably don't even come in the top 20 front-camera phones out there"; It has one of,the best front cams in the market; Easily beats the S5; "don't use the front-facing camera on my iPhone very often but when I do, it's for selfies. Yeah, I just went there. As you can tell, all three cameras do an acceptable job but pay attention to the background. In both samples, the iPhone 6 was able to balance the image while the M8 and S5 both wash out everything behind the subjects.; Winner: iPhone 6"; Only better front cams you can find is from Nokia; IPhone 6 was clear winner, i actually didnt knew iPhone 6 front cam is that good
im using the iphone 6 since 2 weeks. battery is great. camera is great, 240 fps! its a little expensive but thats ok i can sell it for a good price in some years. btw im not a fanboy. the new s6 edge for example is great too.; im using the iphone 6 since 2 weeks. battery is great. camera is great, 240 fps! its a little expensive but thats ok i can sell it for a good price in some years. btw im not a fanboy. the new s6 edge for example is great too.
Very good cell phone; Very good cell phone
iPhone was my great experience years ago, when difference was really seen from the first touch, Today I have to say I’m a bit disappointed as price just do not justify product that is overpriced and limited in capabilities compared to some Android flagships.
 Apple made FEW MISTAKES and lost my faith in their products. It was innovative company, but this days it’s mostly MARKETING brand. For users that do not care much it’s great device, but for people who know and are willing to do more….this platform combined with specs isn’t enough. Also CAMERA that always makes problem if you do not use bumpers or other accessories. They should made device 1mm thicker and would not be noticeable. Other issue I have “we’ll not make device bigger that 4 inch as we have iPad,…Today they copied all Android flagsips… Maybe that’s why they decided to make iWatch…another nonsense from Cupertino within last years. Only problem that Android has is NON profitability for owners, but on the other hand for consumers is a great and improving platform.; iPhone was my great experience years ago, when difference was really seen from the first touch, Today I have to say I’m a bit disappointed as price just do not justify product that is overpriced and limited in capabilities compared to some Android flagships.; Apple made FEW MISTAKES and lost my faith in their products. It was innovative company, but this days it’s mostly MARKETING brand. For users that do not care much it’s great device, but for people who know and are willing to do more….this platform combined with specs isn’t enough. Also CAMERA that always makes problem if you do not use bumpers or other accessories. They should made device 1mm thicker and would not be noticeable. Other issue I have “we’ll not make device bigger that 4 inch as we have iPad,…Today they copied all Android flagsips… Maybe that’s why they decided to make iWatch…another nonsense from Cupertino within last years. Only problem that Android has is NON profitability for owners, but on the other hand for consumers is a great and improving platform.
Anonymous, 11 Mar 2015In 2030, you will be still ranting about iPhone. Haha. Funny about your easily satisfied co... moreStill jiberring nonsense and don't reply the facts..What make that phone the best...; Still jiberring nonsense and don't reply the facts..What make that phone the best...
Anonymous, 11 Mar 2015In 2030, you will be still ranting about iPhone. Haha. Funny about your easily satisfied co... moreBash iphones in 2030? What are you talking about? No offence, but you need to work on human communication. Or don't. Use an iphone.; Bash iphones in 2030? What are you talking about? No offence, but you need to work on human communication. Or don't. Use an iphone.
Anonymous, 11 Mar 2015In 2030, you will be still ranting about iPhone. Haha. Funny about your easily satisfied co... moreUh, i shall step in here, this is fun.
 
 Your tirade of nonsensical questions is hilarious. Yes, to answer your question. Most selfie-taking teenies who are in love with terrible music tend to have an iphone in their hand. Coincidence? Not really, just smart marketing. iphones probably don't even come in the top 20 front-camera phones out there, yet almost all those duck-face tanned teens use iphones, because after they realize how bad the front camera is, they tend to use a mirror and the apple logo becomes quite obvious...
 
 The rest of your comment is quite difficult to follow. But hey, you do realize that we are happy you are happy with your iphone. It is perfectly fine to enjoy and celebrate mediocrity. No one is trying to take it away from you, but just stop claiming it is best device in the world, because it just plainly is not. 
 
 It goes under the same principle as religious people. You can believe in whatever dude you want to, jesus, buddha, allah, thor, beelzebub, etc, but don't tell me 
 your cult is the best one to follow.
 
 Best x; Uh, i shall step in here, this is fun.; Your tirade of nonsensical questions is hilarious. Yes, to answer your question. Most selfie-taking teenies who are in love with terrible music tend to have an iphone in their hand. Coincidence? Not really, just smart marketing. iphones probably don't even come in the top 20 front-camera phones out there, yet almost all those duck-face tanned teens use iphones, because after they realize how bad the front camera is, they tend to use a mirror and the apple logo becomes quite obvious...; The rest of your comment is quite difficult to follow. But hey, you do realize that we are happy you are happy with your iphone. It is perfectly fine to enjoy and celebrate mediocrity. No one is trying to take it away from you, but just stop claiming it is best device in the world, because it just plainly is not.; It goes under the same principle as religious people. You can believe in whatever dude you want to, jesus, buddha, allah, thor, beelzebub, etc, but don't tell me; your cult is the best one to follow.; Best x
Duel, 10 Mar 2015" The world is going Apple because they seem to have brainwashed millions of people into... moreCan you explain why the iPhone 6 is a crap phone, if samsung copied the iPhone 6 design for there Samsung galaxy S 6 iPhone clone, please explain.....
 and people aren't brain washed to buying the iPhone , you have no idea, why people bought the phone- are you a mind reader..I didn't think so; Can you explain why the iPhone 6 is a crap phone, if samsung copied the iPhone 6 design for there Samsung galaxy S 6 iPhone clone, please explain.....; and people aren't brain washed to buying the iPhone , you have no idea, why people bought the phone- are you a mind reader..I didn't think so
Pancake, 10 Mar 201599% satisfaction rate? What do you expect? It's been less than half a year since the phone has... moreIn 2030, you will be still ranting about iPhone. Haha.
 
 Funny about your easily satisfied comment.
 
 Bieber / One Direction / Apple. Why do people behave like this. Are they the same group of easily satisfied people?? Do all Bieber fans carry iPhones? Are the haters the same group of people as well??? If i comb my hair like Bieber will i get fanboys also?? If i stick Apple logo on junk will i get people to buy from me also??
 
 I can tell you NO! They are all different. Its just popularity normally breed haters. And satisfaction NEED to be earned.; In 2030, you will be still ranting about iPhone. Haha.; Funny about your easily satisfied comment.; Bieber / One Direction / Apple. Why do people behave like this. Are they the same group of easily satisfied people?? Do all Bieber fans carry iPhones? Are the haters the same group of people as well??? If i comb my hair like Bieber will i get fanboys also?? If i stick Apple logo on junk will i get people to buy from me also??; I can tell you NO! They are all different. Its just popularity normally breed haters. And satisfaction NEED to be earned.
Anyway..i phone 6 still the best..its call "simply the best! that all what i can say. Apple like give born a child and will take care for long period..keep on updating the latest software for all.. I remember like samsung galaxy Ace by that time is Android Fyro..u think it can upgrating to jellybean?? NO WAY MAN!; Anyway..i phone 6 still the best..its call "simply the best! that all what i can say. Apple like give born a child and will take care for long period..keep on updating the latest software for all.. I remember like samsung galaxy Ace by that time is Android Fyro..u think it can upgrating to jellybean?? NO WAY MAN!
best phone; best phone
Duel, 10 Mar 2015" The world is going Apple because they seem to have brainwashed millions of people into... more99% satisfaction rate? What do you expect? It's been less than half a year since the phone has been on the market and it does nothing but phone text and go on the internet...it has no features, no personality, no nothing...what do you expect?
 
 I am sure the latest Bieber and One Direction album have 99% customer satisfaction rating, despite millions of reviewer and humans disliking them tremendously.
 
 You can probably expect the same percentage from any phone over £300 on the market in the first 6 months.
 
 That just proves how futile and easily satisfied the iphone user is. 
 
 I bet that in 2030 when iphones will be waterproof and have a 9MP camera the satisfaction rating will be 100%. And the rest of us will be laughing histerically whist watching this on 20K resolution holograms springing out of our phones.; 99% satisfaction rate? What do you expect? It's been less than half a year since the phone has been on the market and it does nothing but phone text and go on the internet...it has no features, no personality, no nothing...what do you expect?; I am sure the latest Bieber and One Direction album have 99% customer satisfaction rating, despite millions of reviewer and humans disliking them tremendously.; You can probably expect the same percentage from any phone over £300 on the market in the first 6 months.; That just proves how futile and easily satisfied the iphone user is.; I bet that in 2030 when iphones will be waterproof and have a 9MP camera the satisfaction rating will be 100%. And the rest of us will be laughing histerically whist watching this on 20K resolution holograms springing out of our phones.
[deleted post]"
 The world is going Apple because they seem to have brainwashed millions of people into believing that their products are actually worth the ridiculous prices they charge for them"
 
 Again this brainwash crap, sure you can brainwash over 500 million people all over again. Customers satisfaction rate for new iPhones are 99% highest ever. So how those people again are brainwashed? :D
 
 And yes iPhones and all Apple products are worth of their price and even more. I would personally pay two times of price for iPhone if i would have to use android device instead.; "; The world is going Apple because they seem to have brainwashed millions of people into believing that their products are actually worth the ridiculous prices they charge for them"; Again this brainwash crap, sure you can brainwash over 500 million people all over again. Customers satisfaction rate for new iPhones are 99% highest ever. So how those people again are brainwashed? :D; And yes iPhones and all Apple products are worth of their price and even more. I would personally pay two times of price for iPhone if i would have to use android device instead.
"iPhone 6 and 6 Plus receiving a 99 percent customer satisfaction score"
 
 Users are extremely happy with their iPhones, not surprising; "iPhone 6 and 6 Plus receiving a 99 percent customer satisfaction score"; Users are extremely happy with their iPhones, not surprising
the best phone on the market at the minute but all those android users out there!!!! get a grip and realize that the world is going apple and will always be apple; the best phone on the market at the minute but all those android users out there!!!! get a grip and realize that the world is going apple and will always be apple
i used an iphone 4s,later when iphone 5s was released ibought iphone 5s for the fingerprint sensor,first i was happy with,but later i get irritated all the time time i use this phone,everytime i "CANT DO THIS,CANT DO THAT! " which an midrange android phone can do.Most people say that iphone is simple,but its not.So,next time dont get an iphone..; i used an iphone 4s,later when iphone 5s was released ibought iphone 5s for the fingerprint sensor,first i was happy with,but later i get irritated all the time time i use this phone,everytime i "CANT DO THIS,CANT DO THAT! " which an midrange android phone can do.Most people say that iphone is simple,but its not.So,next time dont get an iphone..
Everyone I leave the car my phone is not leaving SYNC mode. The phone does not ring or make any sounds unless I turn Bluetooth off. Any ideas???; Everyone I leave the car my phone is not leaving SYNC mode. The phone does not ring or make any sounds unless I turn Bluetooth off. Any ideas???
Anonymous, 09 Mar 2015Your action does not show you are educated in technology. It simply shows you need money. C... moreIt's funny to see how you are changing the song every time when the facts hit you in the face in this argument. At first iPhone was the best of the best in everything.. now it's just simple....:-)..my Asus have an option called simple mode.. it has icons of most important futures like dining, SMS, clock, calculator and it looks just like IOS... Let's just agree that iPhone is just for snoobs.. They invented the smart phones and now they are making phones that there is nothing smart about..; It's funny to see how you are changing the song every time when the facts hit you in the face in this argument. At first iPhone was the best of the best in everything.. now it's just simple....:-)..my Asus have an option called simple mode.. it has icons of most important futures like dining, SMS, clock, calculator and it looks just like IOS... Let's just agree that iPhone is just for snoobs.. They invented the smart phones and now they are making phones that there is nothing smart about..
xHannibal Lecter, 10 Mar 2015Pear , if you work in a phone shop , than you should praise all the phones , after all it does... moreWell, it's working rather well, this is my forth consecutive period as top salesman in my region (16 phoneshops). Customers enjoy honesty. Don't get me wrong, if you were to come along to our phoneshop, you who obviously values pushy tasteless sales techniques over honesty and kindness, i would happily sell you an iphone. I am not trying to convince everybody i see that iphones are a rip-off. There are some people who deserve them, their heads will explode if they would have a good android phone...you know your lines "i'm a simple man with simple taste...i don't want any of that widgets and personality". Isn't that iphone's tagline?; Well, it's working rather well, this is my forth consecutive period as top salesman in my region (16 phoneshops). Customers enjoy honesty. Don't get me wrong, if you were to come along to our phoneshop, you who obviously values pushy tasteless sales techniques over honesty and kindness, i would happily sell you an iphone. I am not trying to convince everybody i see that iphones are a rip-off. There are some people who deserve them, their heads will explode if they would have a good android phone...you know your lines "i'm a simple man with simple taste...i don't want any of that widgets and personality". Isn't that iphone's tagline?
Pear, 10 Mar 2015We are all deflecting it. WPear , if you work in a phone shop , than you should praise all the phones , after all it doesnt matter what you sell it matters to sell as much as possible , if you really work in a phone shop you are a terrible seller , for a seller all expensive flagship phones are the best , and if a user wants a iphone why the hell would you sell him a g3? you make less money! Sell him that iphone and accesories and everything he can use with the phone , hah i cannot belive this , salesman , i wounder that you still have a job.; Pear , if you work in a phone shop , than you should praise all the phones , after all it doesnt matter what you sell it matters to sell as much as possible , if you really work in a phone shop you are a terrible seller , for a seller all expensive flagship phones are the best , and if a user wants a iphone why the hell would you sell him a g3? you make less money! Sell him that iphone and accesories and everything he can use with the phone , hah i cannot belive this , salesman , i wounder that you still have a job.
Anonymous, 10 Mar 2015you don't speak for all consumers. The reason why I have an iphone6 is becaues I know it wi... moreIt won't last mate. No other phone breaks so easily, the fact that apple brainwash you by replacing it should make you think why the phone broke down in the first place, rather than the fact that you walked out of the Apple store with a new phone.
 
 And it's fun deflecting it. We all do in this shop, and guess what, loads of customers have thanked us for it...PC Advisor's Best Smartphones of 2015 is constantly on our computers. And we have a game where we guess what brand one likes when they come through the door...i usually get it 95% of the time right.
 
 In this shop, about 10% of the contracts we do are iphones, yet easily over 50% of the issue related phone calls we get come from the ones that bought iphones...
 
 And 3 years? I had a Galaxy Ace 2 before my LG G3 for 3 years...it worked fantastic, quite slow and not super intuitive, but it never broke down. It was £120 when i bought it almost 4 years ago and i still sold it for £50 on amazon for somebody else to use probably for another 2-3 years...and guess what, never used a case for it or a screen protector. 
 
 Whereas all iphone users tend to love how their ugly device looks like, yet they always cover it with some even uglier plastic case with bieber, one direction, jesus or unicorns on it...; It won't last mate. No other phone breaks so easily, the fact that apple brainwash you by replacing it should make you think why the phone broke down in the first place, rather than the fact that you walked out of the Apple store with a new phone.; And it's fun deflecting it. We all do in this shop, and guess what, loads of customers have thanked us for it...PC Advisor's Best Smartphones of 2015 is constantly on our computers. And we have a game where we guess what brand one likes when they come through the door...i usually get it 95% of the time right.; In this shop, about 10% of the contracts we do are iphones, yet easily over 50% of the issue related phone calls we get come from the ones that bought iphones...; And 3 years? I had a Galaxy Ace 2 before my LG G3 for 3 years...it worked fantastic, quite slow and not super intuitive, but it never broke down. It was £120 when i bought it almost 4 years ago and i still sold it for £50 on amazon for somebody else to use probably for another 2-3 years...and guess what, never used a case for it or a screen protector.; Whereas all iphone users tend to love how their ugly device looks like, yet they always cover it with some even uglier plastic case with bieber, one direction, jesus or unicorns on it...
Anonymous, 10 Mar 2015you don't speak for all consumers. The reason why I have an iphone6 is becaues I know it wi... moreWe are all deflecting it. W; We are all deflecting it. W
Pear, 09 Mar 2015With all due respect, it is so easy to notice the generic iphone and flagship android buyer. ... moreyou don't speak for all consumers.
 
 The reason why I have an iphone6 is becaues I know it will last more then 3 years.
 
 The company itself have a very good reputation of helping their customers.
 
 The quality of the phone is also very good. Totally aware that android does have some have some nice features, but to me it's a phone. nothing more, I'm not a nerd, nor a geek. I need a phone of perfection and the iphone6 delivers. It will work for a long time, and I am also aware of androids downfalls such as lollipop not working well on certain phones in manufacturered in 2014. You say you work at a store, and we find it b.s that you are actually grouping iphone and android users. fyi, my first phone was an iphone it was a gift. 
 
 now pls stop posting. Your not achieving anything. If your trying to deflect sales, you will fail. you will fail badly.; you don't speak for all consumers.; The reason why I have an iphone6 is becaues I know it will last more then 3 years.; The company itself have a very good reputation of helping their customers.; The quality of the phone is also very good. Totally aware that android does have some have some nice features, but to me it's a phone. nothing more, I'm not a nerd, nor a geek. I need a phone of perfection and the iphone6 delivers. It will work for a long time, and I am also aware of androids downfalls such as lollipop not working well on certain phones in manufacturered in 2014. You say you work at a store, and we find it b.s that you are actually grouping iphone and android users. fyi, my first phone was an iphone it was a gift.; now pls stop posting. Your not achieving anything. If your trying to deflect sales, you will fail. you will fail badly.
Anonymous, 28 Feb 2015He's comparing what he has, and the better of the two in his opinion. You are comparing the... moreI agree with you bro..I am currently using iphone 6 with 64gb. I am very satisfy with the performance and so far no disspoint me.. My colleague always say " i phone is stand for idot phone" that time I was using i phone 4. Its really slow and laggy as old technology with support ios7. But recently he bought a Huawei mate 7 (flagship phone) and challenge the speed of opening an same apps like "waze and google map" unfortunately the so call "octa core" lost with "dual core" of an i phone...what a shame on "so call octa core" moral of the story dont judge the book by its cover..the on paper spec sometime is bullshit one...; I agree with you bro..I am currently using iphone 6 with 64gb. I am very satisfy with the performance and so far no disspoint me.. My colleague always say " i phone is stand for idot phone" that time I was using i phone 4. Its really slow and laggy as old technology with support ios7. But recently he bought a Huawei mate 7 (flagship phone) and challenge the speed of opening an same apps like "waze and google map" unfortunately the so call "octa core" lost with "dual core" of an i phone...what a shame on "so call octa core" moral of the story dont judge the book by its cover..the on paper spec sometime is bullshit one...
Anonymous, 09 Mar 2015What you might see as trivial may not be to others. I am not going to judge that 3 buttons ... moreWhat are you talking about?
 
 Is Apple paying you to say this things?
 
 There seems to be this general consensus amongst iphone fans that their phones are easier to use. They are not! I find it most frustrating that they don't even have the home and back button next to one another, they're on the opposite side of the screen. If i search for something on Youtube and then want to reply to my friend on Whats App, i need to leave Youtbe and reply, can't do both at the same time, whilst letting the video run in the background. The list could go on.
 
 I have recently been persuaded to buy an iphone 6. I used an iphone 4s in the past and whilst it was ok, I found it incredibly dull, difficult and restrictive - i remember having to rename all the songs in my library, having to stick to their browser and player, etc.
 
 Then I had a Samsung S4, which i didn't really like a lot, but it was easily better and more innovative than the 4s. After that I had an HTC M8 which was absolutely fantastic in every regard. And now i thought i would give iphones another chance, because i went after word of mouth instead of trusting the reviews (which were more like 'meh, nothing special, let's move on').
 
 IT'S THE SAME AS IPHONE 4S!! Just a bit bigger. Nothing has changed! How can a company bank on the same phone 5 years in a row? 
 
 Look at Zedge! It's so fun to have your phone's ringtone by the Girls, Game of Thrones or Terminator tune. For free! It's so difficult to do the same stuff on iphones. they are so restrictive it is doing my head in that people actually pay money for this phone.
 
 Let's do an imagination excercise: An alien race lands on earth and we explain to them the concept of smartphones. We then hand them this phone that runs fairly decent and does what we explained. The we give them this other phone that does exactly the same but allows the wee alien to change things about, to get rid of apps he will never use, to do 2 things at the same time, to download as much music, ringtones for free and assure him that if the phone drops in a puddle it will actually survive the drop and the water. Which phone will he choose?
 
 This guy Anonymous is so off the mark, it's funny. People don't buy iphones because they are reliable or simple to use - Pear is right - you maybe have 20% who do, the fans, who you can give the exact same terrible phone year after year and they flock to it...but most people buy it for the brand, because they heard from someone that without an iphone you won't get recognized, etc...
 
 It really is that sad...i empathize with what Pear is saying. At my daughter's school you are a nobody without an iphone...it has gotten to that stage...she got lucky now, she will probably have mine for her birthday, whilst i will go back to a phone that lasts longer than 80 minutes when you watch an HD video.; What are you talking about?; Is Apple paying you to say this things?; There seems to be this general consensus amongst iphone fans that their phones are easier to use. They are not! I find it most frustrating that they don't even have the home and back button next to one another, they're on the opposite side of the screen. If i search for something on Youtube and then want to reply to my friend on Whats App, i need to leave Youtbe and reply, can't do both at the same time, whilst letting the video run in the background. The list could go on.; I have recently been persuaded to buy an iphone 6. I used an iphone 4s in the past and whilst it was ok, I found it incredibly dull, difficult and restrictive - i remember having to rename all the songs in my library, having to stick to their browser and player, etc.; Then I had a Samsung S4, which i didn't really like a lot, but it was easily better and more innovative than the 4s. After that I had an HTC M8 which was absolutely fantastic in every regard. And now i thought i would give iphones another chance, because i went after word of mouth instead of trusting the reviews (which were more like 'meh, nothing special, let's move on').; IT'S THE SAME AS IPHONE 4S!! Just a bit bigger. Nothing has changed! How can a company bank on the same phone 5 years in a row?; Look at Zedge! It's so fun to have your phone's ringtone by the Girls, Game of Thrones or Terminator tune. For free! It's so difficult to do the same stuff on iphones. they are so restrictive it is doing my head in that people actually pay money for this phone.; Let's do an imagination excercise: An alien race lands on earth and we explain to them the concept of smartphones. We then hand them this phone that runs fairly decent and does what we explained. The we give them this other phone that does exactly the same but allows the wee alien to change things about, to get rid of apps he will never use, to do 2 things at the same time, to download as much music, ringtones for free and assure him that if the phone drops in a puddle it will actually survive the drop and the water. Which phone will he choose?; This guy Anonymous is so off the mark, it's funny. People don't buy iphones because they are reliable or simple to use - Pear is right - you maybe have 20% who do, the fans, who you can give the exact same terrible phone year after year and they flock to it...but most people buy it for the brand, because they heard from someone that without an iphone you won't get recognized, etc...; It really is that sad...i empathize with what Pear is saying. At my daughter's school you are a nobody without an iphone...it has gotten to that stage...she got lucky now, she will probably have mine for her birthday, whilst i will go back to a phone that lasts longer than 80 minutes when you watch an HD video.
Meladyx, 09 Mar 2015But by your logic the only thing that makes an android phone 'too complicated' as implied is t... moreWhat you might see as trivial may not be to others.
 
 I am not going to judge that 3 buttons of Android or putting shortcuts on the launch screen or opening the app drawer, because its gonna drag too long. But needless to say its not easy to manage for first timers. Just look at most android phone users out there, most of the time you see the default wallpaper, some do not even know how to drag shortcuts to their launcher screen.
 
 Thats why you see Samsung, trying so hard to customise touchwiz, making simple mode of the launcher. 
 
 Even Pear's comment you can see it, people are amaze of Android's different capabilities, wow! you can do this, do that. But ultimately were they sold? No. Why? Because people DO not really care about whats technology geeks, they just want something that they know how to use and are comfortable to use, and like Pear say, the looks of the phone.
 
 For people like ourselves, who are fortunate to have tried all kinds of phones, used PC / Mac before, use internet, surely find Android as easy as iOS. And because of those old legacy hardware/software we are affected by drag and drop.. bt transfer.. old ways of doing things.
 
 But for most people, this ease of iOS make it the most desired phone despite its price. While Android, it can only compete with lower price and people who buy it would use iPhone if they choose.; What you might see as trivial may not be to others.; I am not going to judge that 3 buttons of Android or putting shortcuts on the launch screen or opening the app drawer, because its gonna drag too long. But needless to say its not easy to manage for first timers. Just look at most android phone users out there, most of the time you see the default wallpaper, some do not even know how to drag shortcuts to their launcher screen.; Thats why you see Samsung, trying so hard to customise touchwiz, making simple mode of the launcher.; Even Pear's comment you can see it, people are amaze of Android's different capabilities, wow! you can do this, do that. But ultimately were they sold? No. Why? Because people DO not really care about whats technology geeks, they just want something that they know how to use and are comfortable to use, and like Pear say, the looks of the phone.; For people like ourselves, who are fortunate to have tried all kinds of phones, used PC / Mac before, use internet, surely find Android as easy as iOS. And because of those old legacy hardware/software we are affected by drag and drop.. bt transfer.. old ways of doing things.; But for most people, this ease of iOS make it the most desired phone despite its price. While Android, it can only compete with lower price and people who buy it would use iPhone if they choose.
Anonymous, 09 Mar 2015The behaviour of the customers who come into your shop have nothing to do with the phone. I... moreBut by your logic the only thing that makes an android phone 'too complicated' as implied is the fact that they have three buttons instead of one.
 On a Android you can also mash an icon and the app opens. Imagine that?
 You can also press the home button and then go to another app, just like you said you can do with an iPhone!
 Wow!
 
 But seriously, comparing the functionality and complications of cell phones to rocket science is a waste of time.; But by your logic the only thing that makes an android phone 'too complicated' as implied is the fact that they have three buttons instead of one.; On a Android you can also mash an icon and the app opens. Imagine that?; You can also press the home button and then go to another app, just like you said you can do with an iPhone!; Wow!; But seriously, comparing the functionality and complications of cell phones to rocket science is a waste of time.
Now Samsung is manufacturing metal phones with glass on both sides!
 Hello Sammy we are in 2015 !; Now Samsung is manufacturing metal phones with glass on both sides!; Hello Sammy we are in 2015 !
I like my iPhone 6 - 64 GB .. 
 Its much better than any Android device; I like my iPhone 6 - 64 GB ..; Its much better than any Android device
Pear, 09 Mar 2015To give you a representative example of what i wrote before, last week, we had 3 girls around ... moreThe behaviour of the customers who come into your shop have nothing to do with the phone.
 
 In fact what you see is the true testament of iPhone. Its ability to work and use by people of any age / any knowledge about technology shows its success.
 
 The money you give is actually all the R&D and careful though put into this device, to make it user friendly, quality, performance and beauty. Its more then just specs, like those invested by android phone makers.
 
 In the end, technology should be transparent to the user, user do not need to be rocket scientist. Look at iPhone, its design is very simple and its approach is as such, Want Youtube? Mash the youtube button. Want to go home? Mash the single button on the device. It only provide the complex features on if want basis, "double click home button" brings up multi-task, which is not needed if you do not want. etc. You can always mash the home button.. then select another task.; The behaviour of the customers who come into your shop have nothing to do with the phone.; In fact what you see is the true testament of iPhone. Its ability to work and use by people of any age / any knowledge about technology shows its success.; The money you give is actually all the R&D and careful though put into this device, to make it user friendly, quality, performance and beauty. Its more then just specs, like those invested by android phone makers.; In the end, technology should be transparent to the user, user do not need to be rocket scientist. Look at iPhone, its design is very simple and its approach is as such, Want Youtube? Mash the youtube button. Want to go home? Mash the single button on the device. It only provide the complex features on if want basis, "double click home button" brings up multi-task, which is not needed if you do not want. etc. You can always mash the home button.. then select another task.
Sta-ko, 09 Mar 2015Another medium here.. (why anonymous again you know who) l did have iPhone 5s for a while . ... moreYour action does not show you are educated in technology. It simply shows you need money.
 
 Can't believe an "Anonymous", a Apple fanboy can be so smart? I simply do not like to login, or feel a need to enter a nickname. Thats all. Anyway you can see who it is by looking at the 4 digits below each comment.. it uniquely id your location.; Your action does not show you are educated in technology. It simply shows you need money.; Can't believe an "Anonymous", a Apple fanboy can be so smart? I simply do not like to login, or feel a need to enter a nickname. Thats all. Anyway you can see who it is by looking at the 4 digits below each comment.. it uniquely id your location.
Evon, 09 Mar 2015I am planning to switch from Samsung Note 3 to iphone 6, is it really worth it. I am confused.... moreRead all posts and disite.. I advise you don't, but if it's not a financial issue go and try.. .; Read all posts and disite.. I advise you don't, but if it's not a financial issue go and try.. .
I am planning to switch from Samsung Note 3 to iphone 6, is it really worth it. I am confused.This will be my first experience with IOS.; I am planning to switch from Samsung Note 3 to iphone 6, is it really worth it. I am confused.This will be my first experience with IOS.
Anonymous, 09 Mar 2015"I have paid less than you and have better cellular device" The statement above p... moreAnother medium here.. (why anonymous again you know who) l did have iPhone 5s for a while . I didn't buy it, becouse I considered my self above everage educated about technology, it was a present. Use it for a mount and some and sold it. People who gave the name for rooting the iPhone software did a boolseye - JAILBREAK, not to mention how boring it was. I bought Asus Zenfone 5 for 1/4 of the money and made huge present back.. And had money left.The Asus is atliast fast and smooth as IP5 with bigger nicer display 2 sim cards and 4 times cheaper.; Another medium here.. (why anonymous again you know who) l did have iPhone 5s for a while . I didn't buy it, becouse I considered my self above everage educated about technology, it was a present. Use it for a mount and some and sold it. People who gave the name for rooting the iPhone software did a boolseye - JAILBREAK, not to mention how boring it was. I bought Asus Zenfone 5 for 1/4 of the money and made huge present back.. And had money left.The Asus is atliast fast and smooth as IP5 with bigger nicer display 2 sim cards and 4 times cheaper.
To give you a representative example of what i wrote before, last week, we had 3 girls around 14 in our shop looking at the iphone 6 (99% of girls 12-18 are only interested in iphones) and i started showing them my LG G3 and they were genuinely incredibly impressed when they saw that they were able to take a selfie without touching the screen with my phone. One even said "why does the iphone not do that?" I replied "there are many cool things an iphone can't do". After approximately 20 seconds, one of the girls whispered to the other girls "Natalie and John both have it, they would laugh in our face if we don't get iphones". Those were the exact words, no exageration...
 
 That shows exactly how a large majority of people buy these phones. Whoever thinks people buy them because they are great are sadly mistaken. Yes, there are maybe 20-30% of people who genuinly think the iphones are god's gift to technology. But the largest majority have been convinced by an extensive and smart marketing campaign that you are not complete if you don't have an iphone and they don't even bother researching or looking at other phones. 
 
 It's quite sad. That's all. But, oh well, it pays my rent x; To give you a representative example of what i wrote before, last week, we had 3 girls around 14 in our shop looking at the iphone 6 (99% of girls 12-18 are only interested in iphones) and i started showing them my LG G3 and they were genuinely incredibly impressed when they saw that they were able to take a selfie without touching the screen with my phone. One even said "why does the iphone not do that?" I replied "there are many cool things an iphone can't do". After approximately 20 seconds, one of the girls whispered to the other girls "Natalie and John both have it, they would laugh in our face if we don't get iphones". Those were the exact words, no exageration...; That shows exactly how a large majority of people buy these phones. Whoever thinks people buy them because they are great are sadly mistaken. Yes, there are maybe 20-30% of people who genuinly think the iphones are god's gift to technology. But the largest majority have been convinced by an extensive and smart marketing campaign that you are not complete if you don't have an iphone and they don't even bother researching or looking at other phones.; It's quite sad. That's all. But, oh well, it pays my rent x
With all due respect, it is so easy to notice the generic iphone and flagship android buyer.
 
 The iphone buyer is usually attracted to shiny stuff and doesn't really care about innovation or progress. They rather have buy into consumerism and are deceivingly happy when they pay $600 for a $100 phone, because they managed to form a concentric circle where they are all patting each other on the back because they have a personality-devoid and relatively functional device that is highly appreciated for its social stance, rather than for quality or technological innovation.
 
 The flagship Android buyer is usually more educated and introspective. He/she tends to question what they want from a smartphone, how a device like this can help their existence and whether it's worth paying over $500 or over for it. He/she want to buy because they like putting a little of their own personality in their phone and they prefer the freedom of apps/internet/software permissibility. 
 
 This is no way meant to be insulting. I invite anybody to work in a phoneshop for a week and you will notice these trends. Of course it is not without exceptions. You do get the opposite for both groups, but a large majority can be described as above.
 
 (I hope gsmarena won't take my post down, because they deem the term "uneducated" as insulting...nothing wrong or demeaning about being non-educated); With all due respect, it is so easy to notice the generic iphone and flagship android buyer.; The iphone buyer is usually attracted to shiny stuff and doesn't really care about innovation or progress. They rather have buy into consumerism and are deceivingly happy when they pay $600 for a $100 phone, because they managed to form a concentric circle where they are all patting each other on the back because they have a personality-devoid and relatively functional device that is highly appreciated for its social stance, rather than for quality or technological innovation.; The flagship Android buyer is usually more educated and introspective. He/she tends to question what they want from a smartphone, how a device like this can help their existence and whether it's worth paying over $500 or over for it. He/she want to buy because they like putting a little of their own personality in their phone and they prefer the freedom of apps/internet/software permissibility.; This is no way meant to be insulting. I invite anybody to work in a phoneshop for a week and you will notice these trends. Of course it is not without exceptions. You do get the opposite for both groups, but a large majority can be described as above.; (I hope gsmarena won't take my post down, because they deem the term "uneducated" as insulting...nothing wrong or demeaning about being non-educated)
Sta-ko, 08 Mar 2015You must be medium knowing what I have tried and what I haven't .. One is sure thou, I ha... more"I have paid less than you and have better cellular device"
 
 The statement above prove you have not tried most of the phones out there, you just bought one cheap android phone and is in denial and feel sour grapes.
 
 Believe the people here for once, they spent good money on a good iPhone.; "I have paid less than you and have better cellular device"; The statement above prove you have not tried most of the phones out there, you just bought one cheap android phone and is in denial and feel sour grapes.; Believe the people here for once, they spent good money on a good iPhone.
Kunjumon, 08 Mar 2015I am sure that you Don't touched any iOS device until now.good .Then what are you doing here.You must be medium knowing what I have tried and what I haven't .. One is sure thou, I have paid less than you and have better cellular device ;-).; You must be medium knowing what I have tried and what I haven't .. One is sure thou, I have paid less than you and have better cellular device ;-).
Kunjumon, 08 Mar 2015I am sure that you Don't touched any iOS device until now.good .Then what are you doing here.he's trolling; he's trolling
sta-ko, 07 Mar 2015So you have android or you jailbreak?For your information, most of the good apps and games firstly arrives on AppStore.; For your information, most of the good apps and games firstly arrives on AppStore.
sta-ko, 07 Mar 2015So you have android or you jailbreak?I am sure that you Don't touched any iOS device until now.good .Then what are you doing here.; I am sure that you Don't touched any iOS device until now.good .Then what are you doing here.
the heck with iphone 6, oppo r5 is much better; the heck with iphone 6, oppo r5 is much better
blizzard, 06 Mar 2015i dunno if anyone else pointed this out but i think the reason why apple chose to stick with 8... moreIf you want to see how to put a camera greater than 8 mp in a slim body see xiaomi note pro; If you want to see how to put a camera greater than 8 mp in a slim body see xiaomi note pro
kenn, 08 Mar 2015i just buy iPhone 6/16gb,. when i open it, there is a at&t sim,. what is the use of this o... moreStolen phone..; Stolen phone..
i just buy iPhone 6/16gb,. when i open it, there is a at&t sim,. what is the use of this one ? im here in riyadh saudi arabia,. does any one have the same experience ?; i just buy iPhone 6/16gb,. when i open it, there is a at&t sim,. what is the use of this one ? im here in riyadh saudi arabia,. does any one have the same experience ?
Kunjumon, 07 Mar 2015AppStore has lots of good quality free apps including browsers and video downloaders.So you have android or you jailbreak?; So you have android or you jailbreak?
Sta-ko, 06 Mar 2015And how much did you pay for that pleasure. AppStore has lots of good quality free apps including browsers and video downloaders.; AppStore has lots of good quality free apps including browsers and video downloaders.
Sta-ko, 06 Mar 2015And how much did you pay for that pleasure. Lower than yours .; Lower than yours .
Last day i purchase iphone 6 gold 16gb. Good phone. But i see one problem in my phone. Shake phone listen voice deeply. Same problem many phone. I m going apple care to say all this. Care person talk me and word this is problem is manifecture problem not a solve it. 
 Very bad. But overall apple is good; Last day i purchase iphone 6 gold 16gb. Good phone. But i see one problem in my phone. Shake phone listen voice deeply. Same problem many phone. I m going apple care to say all this. Care person talk me and word this is problem is manifecture problem not a solve it.; Very bad. But overall apple is good
the spec makes me feel like I am in 2011 again.; the spec makes me feel like I am in 2011 again.
I have iPhone 6 and Meizu Mx4.... I don't know how to choose.. So I used both, and they were superb great this far, both them are no laggy and problem. For taking picture I use Mx4 cause the color saturation are amazing, for video record I used iphone 6. Iphone 6 are great just got a little problem with hardware when the first time I buy it, but after it go repaired everything went normal :); I have iPhone 6 and Meizu Mx4.... I don't know how to choose.. So I used both, and they were superb great this far, both them are no laggy and problem. For taking picture I use Mx4 cause the color saturation are amazing, for video record I used iphone 6. Iphone 6 are great just got a little problem with hardware when the first time I buy it, but after it go repaired everything went normal :)
slowadopter1, 03 Mar 20151GB RAM is not understandable. Then why it is so expensive?because it's about the brand?? hahaha, low specs never mind, the brand is a marketing strategy. :) Also, how much does a phone needs to operate smoothly? I guess, the higher the RAM, the more battery it consumes? One phone or the other will win some, lose some? Android/IOS users, all happy with their own devices/choices u make. Each phone is good in its own way, not so good in another.; because it's about the brand?? hahaha, low specs never mind, the brand is a marketing strategy. :) Also, how much does a phone needs to operate smoothly? I guess, the higher the RAM, the more battery it consumes? One phone or the other will win some, lose some? Android/IOS users, all happy with their own devices/choices u make. Each phone is good in its own way, not so good in another.
Kunjumon, 05 Mar 2015I don't care About Torrent download ,I already downloaded lots of movies and videos from websi... moreAnd how much did you pay for that pleasure.; And how much did you pay for that pleasure.
Anonymous, 06 Mar 2015And what was the 5 " android phone? Probably lenovo A series.... :-); Probably lenovo A series.... :-)
alanh, 05 Mar 2015Put down my slowing IP4S and bought a new 5" Android two weeks ago. Then spent two days g... moreAnd what was the 5 " android phone?; And what was the 5 " android phone?
alanh, 05 Mar 2015Put down my slowing IP4S and bought a new 5" Android two weeks ago. Then spent two days g... moreJust average and overated phones; Just average and overated phones
Very good operating system. Just waiting for their expandable memory, radio option, and waterproof capability... -_-; Very good operating system. Just waiting for their expandable memory, radio option, and waterproof capability... -_-
iphone 6 is the best phone ever...i think everybody should take iphn 6..this phone have a good style and personality.all people should give first priorty to iphn.; iphone 6 is the best phone ever...i think everybody should take iphn 6..this phone have a good style and personality.all people should give first priorty to iphn.
WaBBy500, 05 Mar 2015What a joke !!! Ios doesn't support torrents though it goes to many torrent sites but it never... moreI don't care About Torrent download ,I already downloaded lots of movies and videos from websites with high speed .appstore has lots of good quality browsers and video downloaders.; I don't care About Torrent download ,I already downloaded lots of movies and videos from websites with high speed .appstore has lots of good quality browsers and video downloaders.
Apple phones are the best in the world. Let us stop kidding ourselves!!; Apple phones are the best in the world. Let us stop kidding ourselves!!
Put down my slowing IP4S and bought a new 5" Android two weeks ago. Then spent two days going through all the features. Liked the bigger screen but realized that Android is still evolving and I needed a phone that was 100% predictable and fast.I work construction and average a wrecked cased phone every six months. Though pricey up front, bought a IP6 64gb yesterday and couldn't be more happier. The combination of Icloud 100% backup, Icare, one hand operation and finally a bigger screen really works for me. Is this phone overpriced, yes, but the "you have to spend money to make money" does apply in this case.
 What's with this IP doesn't multitask in previous posts. Doesn't these hardcore Android fans know how to double click or they just refuse to. That Android had screen in screen but I already done my share of squinting and wear glasses to prove it. I just gave my mother that two week old Android locked on senior mode. Good place for it!; Put down my slowing IP4S and bought a new 5" Android two weeks ago. Then spent two days going through all the features. Liked the bigger screen but realized that Android is still evolving and I needed a phone that was 100% predictable and fast.I work construction and average a wrecked cased phone every six months. Though pricey up front, bought a IP6 64gb yesterday and couldn't be more happier. The combination of Icloud 100% backup, Icare, one hand operation and finally a bigger screen really works for me. Is this phone overpriced, yes, but the "you have to spend money to make money" does apply in this case.; What's with this IP doesn't multitask in previous posts. Doesn't these hardcore Android fans know how to double click or they just refuse to. That Android had screen in screen but I already done my share of squinting and wear glasses to prove it. I just gave my mother that two week old Android locked on senior mode. Good place for it!
I have the iphone 6 and it is fast and really a nice feeking in ur hands.But because it is so thin u will need to put a case on itor it will drop.The batterty is good just doesntlast so so long if u use it all day in everymintue.But the pictures are awesome on it.; I have the iphone 6 and it is fast and really a nice feeking in ur hands.But because it is so thin u will need to put a case on itor it will drop.The batterty is good just doesntlast so so long if u use it all day in everymintue.But the pictures are awesome on it.
No comparison of iphone with other brands... iphone is still best in performance; No comparison of iphone with other brands... iphone is still best in performance
it has a usb reversible connector. that is you put usb male or usb female, so that you can use a memory stick.; it has a usb reversible connector. that is you put usb male or usb female, so that you can use a memory stick.
Kunjumon, 04 Mar 2015What is the wrong with direct download link?I downloaded lots of movies and videos from direct... moreWhat a joke !!! Ios doesn't support torrents though it goes to many torrent sites but it never downloads any of them.Let it be a direct download link,it won't even load it.Don't fool mate accept it.; What a joke !!! Ios doesn't support torrents though it goes to many torrent sites but it never downloads any of them.Let it be a direct download link,it won't even load it.Don't fool mate accept it.
hello friends iphone is the best but as f as comparison of other phone in the market it is too expensive and have no radio and dual sim missing take galaxy note instead of iphone any one see the usage of the and the durability of the Samsung note series friend we hardly make money it not easy to but apple in50k even note in 30ks be sure before by but note is best 
 take care sartaj; hello friends iphone is the best but as f as comparison of other phone in the market it is too expensive and have no radio and dual sim missing take galaxy note instead of iphone any one see the usage of the and the durability of the Samsung note series friend we hardly make money it not easy to but apple in50k even note in 30ks be sure before by but note is best; take care sartaj
what are you android fans complaining about? iphone 6 users are happy with their phones, so what's the point of coming here and start arguing and talking about 8mp 1gb ram and a dual core cpu, go and praise your octa core phones with 3gb ram; what are you android fans complaining about? iphone 6 users are happy with their phones, so what's the point of coming here and start arguing and talking about 8mp 1gb ram and a dual core cpu, go and praise your octa core phones with 3gb ram
Well i love my Iphone 6, its the best phone i have had yet. S5 was ok, but overheated and was laggy. My S4 overheated and was Laggy, oh yes a pattern with Android phones. Iphone 6 no overheat and no lag. =perfect phone. What i want to see in Iphone 7 is waterproofing, and maybe a update on camera. say 16 oe 20MPX. other than that is perfect.; Well i love my Iphone 6, its the best phone i have had yet. S5 was ok, but overheated and was laggy. My S4 overheated and was Laggy, oh yes a pattern with Android phones. Iphone 6 no overheat and no lag. =perfect phone. What i want to see in Iphone 7 is waterproofing, and maybe a update on camera. say 16 oe 20MPX. other than that is perfect.
Anonymous, 04 Mar 2015Haha phone shop seller. Your telling people that because your android phones cannot sell r... morePear is a joke, he even praised he's own comment with different name but didnt knew we can see it uses same ip code :D
 
 He's here just advertising android phones, so anyone here shouldnt believe what he say, but i dont think anyone do; Pear is a joke, he even praised he's own comment with different name but didnt knew we can see it uses same ip code :D; He's here just advertising android phones, so anyone here shouldnt believe what he say, but i dont think anyone do
adpk, 04 Mar 2015No app store hasnt amd u cant download movies from torrent using apple phone except u do a jai... moreWhat is the wrong with direct download link?I downloaded lots of movies and videos from direct download links without any problems.; What is the wrong with direct download link?I downloaded lots of movies and videos from direct download links without any problems.
Kunjumon, 04 Mar 2015Yes AppStore has some torrent download apps . No app store hasnt amd u cant download movies from torrent using apple phone except u do a jail break; No app store hasnt amd u cant download movies from torrent using apple phone except u do a jail break
Casing too fragilE even using hardcase accesories. May be because of too tin?? Or the material case quality is too fragile.; Casing too fragilE even using hardcase accesories. May be because of too tin?? Or the material case quality is too fragile.
zivan, 04 Mar 2015IF i can use Torrent in iphone 6 to download movies, im going to ditch android anytime.. but i... moreYes AppStore has some torrent download apps .; Yes AppStore has some torrent download apps .
Riaz, 04 Mar 2015My views about IPHONE 6 is the Body designed of the device is not good and the spec. are just ... moreiPhone 6 is more slimmer than 5s and it feels good in hand.; iPhone 6 is more slimmer than 5s and it feels good in hand.
I will never touch any apple product just for one reason , especially the apple 6, no memory card facility, If it did I could export files photos on to it, eject. and download to something else.; I will never touch any apple product just for one reason , especially the apple 6, no memory card facility, If it did I could export files photos on to it, eject. and download to something else.
Me7, 03 Mar 2015Can anybody tell me why iphone 6 becomes hot easily???Because it is a electronic device.; Because it is a electronic device.
My views about IPHONE 6 is the Body designed of the device is not good and the spec. are just normal as 5S; My views about IPHONE 6 is the Body designed of the device is not good and the spec. are just normal as 5S
IF i can use Torrent in iphone 6 to download movies, im going to ditch android anytime.. but i cant.. cant i?; IF i can use Torrent in iphone 6 to download movies, im going to ditch android anytime.. but i cant.. cant i?
Pear, 03 Mar 2015From working in a phoneshop and having constant access to all these phones I would suggest the... moreHaha phone shop seller. 
 
 Your telling people that because your android phones cannot sell right? So you can get rid of old android stocks. 
 
 No need to advertise it here. People who uses both iPhones and Android can tell the difference in the quality and performance. 
 
 Other then the need to connect to cavemen windows XP and other androids, Android OS has no quality to offer.; Haha phone shop seller.; Your telling people that because your android phones cannot sell right? So you can get rid of old android stocks.; No need to advertise it here. People who uses both iPhones and Android can tell the difference in the quality and performance.; Other then the need to connect to cavemen windows XP and other androids, Android OS has no quality to offer.
Me7, 03 Mar 2015Can anybody tell me why iphone 6 becomes hot easily???it has the best display best camera. not to mention it was scored highest on being the fastest phone. don't forget world wide warranty, no receipt required, just bring your phone in, book an appointment, log into your icloud and thats it. access to the best apps, and security is great. I was convinced android was better, gave it a shot for 3 years, oh man, it was a miserable 3 year, I was waiting for it and trying to like android, but in the end android is full of gimicks that I rarely use after I used it a couple times. 
 
 iphone6 is indeed the best smart phone on the planet. of course now samsung released an iphone 6 also so yea, changes everything, but I will never move back to android.; it has the best display best camera. not to mention it was scored highest on being the fastest phone. don't forget world wide warranty, no receipt required, just bring your phone in, book an appointment, log into your icloud and thats it. access to the best apps, and security is great. I was convinced android was better, gave it a shot for 3 years, oh man, it was a miserable 3 year, I was waiting for it and trying to like android, but in the end android is full of gimicks that I rarely use after I used it a couple times.; iphone6 is indeed the best smart phone on the planet. of course now samsung released an iphone 6 also so yea, changes everything, but I will never move back to android.
Lollipop lollipop everywhere :); Lollipop lollipop everywhere :)
rhon, 03 Mar 2015are you trying to say look for a sony Z3 instead? coz i'm confused if i am going to buy an iph... moreFrom working in a phoneshop and having constant access to all these phones I would suggest the Alpha, Nexus 5, Moto X, Note 4, LG G3, LG G2, HTC M8, Sony Z3, Z3c as much much better and innovative than iphone 6.
 
 Lets put it this way: You can do 99.9% of the things you do on an iPhone with those phones. Vice versa however, doing with an Iphone stuff that you do on those phones, is halved. With iphone 6 you are looking at a £100 phone, you can't expect too much from it...; From working in a phoneshop and having constant access to all these phones I would suggest the Alpha, Nexus 5, Moto X, Note 4, LG G3, LG G2, HTC M8, Sony Z3, Z3c as much much better and innovative than iphone 6.; Lets put it this way: You can do 99.9% of the things you do on an iPhone with those phones. Vice versa however, doing with an Iphone stuff that you do on those phones, is halved. With iphone 6 you are looking at a £100 phone, you can't expect too much from it...
Duel, 03 Mar 2015Because megapixels doesnt make better image. http://www.apple.com/iphone/world-gallery/Noting to say........????; Noting to say........????
Can anybody tell me why iphone 6 becomes hot easily???; Can anybody tell me why iphone 6 becomes hot easily???
Anas khan, 03 Mar 2015ya my question is why iphone 6 8 mp camera why not radio why I think that iphone 6 camera is better than samsung and LG although it is 8mp.; I think that iphone 6 camera is better than samsung and LG although it is 8mp.
slowadopter1, 03 Mar 20151GB RAM is not understandable. Then why it is so expensive?1gb ram expensive?
 
 Difference between BMW & Skoda; 1gb ram expensive?; Difference between BMW & Skoda
i owned ipad mini 32gb 4, iphone 5 and iphone 6 128gb really satisfied.. Compared to samsung it suckss; i owned ipad mini 32gb 4, iphone 5 and iphone 6 128gb really satisfied.. Compared to samsung it suckss
Maal singh, 03 Mar 2015apple has only 8mp camera.why Because megapixels doesnt make better image.
 
 http://www.apple.com/iphone/world-gallery/; Because megapixels doesnt make better image.
why iphone6 gets hot almost doing nothing?; why iphone6 gets hot almost doing nothing?
WaBBy500, 03 Mar 2015Apart from basic things iphone SHOULD ATLEAST be able to handle this type of game.No new thing... morePlease tell about unbelievable Features of your lag droids,I had a s4 and I don't see any major difference between two platforms (iOS,android).But iOS has more good quality applications and smooth performance .; Please tell about unbelievable Features of your lag droids,I had a s4 and I don't see any major difference between two platforms (iOS,android).But iOS has more good quality applications and smooth performance .
ya my question is why iphone 6 8 mp camera why not radio why; ya my question is why iphone 6 8 mp camera why not radio why
Duel, 02 Mar 2015"Are you still hiding behind anonymous comments "duel"." ?!?!??! :D:D:... moreYeah, yeah is that why you reply and few minutes after that your "Anonymous not you" reply too, like just in this case :>).. anyway, about Iphones ... What are you braging about. Only thing in that phone wich comes from apple is the iOS- displays made by ;Samsung;Sharp; Lg.. Chips (prosesors) - Samsung, flash memory-Samsung. Dram-samsung. When you say about s6(is iPhone clone) it's just the opposite(even that i dont see the resemblance) So the IOS the most ungly, restricted, not costumisable, just short cuts operating systems in the hole world..... allows you noting, not even proper multitasking (haw could it with just 1gb ram). The good game performance is fact becose all i sad till now.. The secret is that they use(i give them marketing credit for that) always very good GPU, which of course is not made by Apple in every Iphone. That plus the productive chip and proser(made by Samsung) and the restricted, cut, light, used just for opening short cuts IOS gives the hi fps gaming. So what we have here is, phone with small screen, with not very good resolution (made from lg), weak 8mp camera (with wich you can't zoom or blow up pictures after, becose it will be blurry ass h.. L) no costumisable, restricted simple OS give you noting.. Just good gaming but you can't really enjoy it becose is on small not very good screen. Overall you have small away from any innovation boring phone, whit wich you can check your mail or make phone call phone ,cost to make around 200$ that you can buy for 700 to 1000$.So really is there anything else to be said here....; Yeah, yeah is that why you reply and few minutes after that your "Anonymous not you" reply too, like just in this case :>).. anyway, about Iphones ... What are you braging about. Only thing in that phone wich comes from apple is the iOS- displays made by ;Samsung;Sharp; Lg.. Chips (prosesors) - Samsung, flash memory-Samsung. Dram-samsung. When you say about s6(is iPhone clone) it's just the opposite(even that i dont see the resemblance) So the IOS the most ungly, restricted, not costumisable, just short cuts operating systems in the hole world..... allows you noting, not even proper multitasking (haw could it with just 1gb ram). The good game performance is fact becose all i sad till now.. The secret is that they use(i give them marketing credit for that) always very good GPU, which of course is not made by Apple in every Iphone. That plus the productive chip and proser(made by Samsung) and the restricted, cut, light, used just for opening short cuts IOS gives the hi fps gaming. So what we have here is, phone with small screen, with not very good resolution (made from lg), weak 8mp camera (with wich you can't zoom or blow up pictures after, becose it will be blurry ass h.. L) no costumisable, restricted simple OS give you noting.. Just good gaming but you can't really enjoy it becose is on small not very good screen. Overall you have small away from any innovation boring phone, whit wich you can check your mail or make phone call phone ,cost to make around 200$ that you can buy for 700 to 1000$.So really is there anything else to be said here....
Duel, 02 Mar 2015"Are you still hiding behind anonymous comments "duel"." ?!?!??! :D:D:... moreApart from basic things iphone SHOULD ATLEAST be able to handle this type of game.No new thing,and i am waiting for my answer from ifans that what is in an iphone that makes it different other than style statement.; Apart from basic things iphone SHOULD ATLEAST be able to handle this type of game.No new thing,and i am waiting for my answer from ifans that what is in an iphone that makes it different other than style statement.
apple has only 8mp camera.why; apple has only 8mp camera.why
Sta-ko, 02 Mar 2015Are you still hiding behind anonymous comments "duel". Maybe it's because you can't ... moreI love this phone its amazing........
 
 Samsung is very poor; I love this phone its amazing........; Samsung is very poor
iphone 6 , 01 Mar 2015Stunning absolutely stunning when Ive iphone in my hand so smooth to operate gosh I've air... more ppl say a lot negative about iphone 6 but one has to feel the real time experience when you operate you'll feel difference 
 
 Cheers little joy of life &#128157; &#128152; &#128151; &#128157; &#128158; &#128150; &#128159;; ppl say a lot negative about iphone 6 but one has to feel the real time experience when you operate you'll feel difference; Cheers little joy of life &#128157; &#128152; &#128151; &#128157; &#128158; &#128150; &#128159;
1GB RAM is not understandable. Then why it is so expensive?; 1GB RAM is not understandable. Then why it is so expensive?
Anonymous, 02 Mar 2015The Iphones have only one big issue: The price is doubled as it should be.Thats what you feel when you see the paper specs.
 
 But when you use it, its a different story.; Thats what you feel when you see the paper specs.; But when you use it, its a different story.
Pear, 02 Mar 2015I had the unfortunate experience with an iphone 6 for about 2 months too :) Luckily I managed ... moreare you trying to say look for a sony Z3 instead? coz i'm confused if i am going to buy an iphone6 or sony z3..; are you trying to say look for a sony Z3 instead? coz i'm confused if i am going to buy an iphone6 or sony z3..
Sta-ko, 02 Mar 2015Are you still hiding behind anonymous comments "duel". Maybe it's because you can't ... moreThis year there is no competition against iPhones yet.
 
 M9 the burning low performance phone.
 S6 the no slots no removable iPhone clone.
 G4 most likely another M9 clone chipset.
 Z4? Where is it?
 
 And besides. If you do have the money now, can you get any of those phones? Nope. So iPhone is still one of the best money can buy!; This year there is no competition against iPhones yet.; M9 the burning low performance phone.; S6 the no slots no removable iPhone clone.; G4 most likely another M9 clone chipset.; Z4? Where is it?; And besides. If you do have the money now, can you get any of those phones? Nope. So iPhone is still one of the best money can buy!
Anonymous, 02 Mar 2015The Iphones have only one big issue: The price is doubled as it should be.your not obligated to buy it. If you want something cheap go for Samsung. They have plenty of cheap phones and I'm not joking.; your not obligated to buy it. If you want something cheap go for Samsung. They have plenty of cheap phones and I'm not joking.
Sta-ko, 02 Mar 2015Are you still hiding behind anonymous comments "duel". Maybe it's because you can't ... more"Are you still hiding behind anonymous comments "duel"." 
 
 ?!?!??! :D:D:D
 
 Whaaatt? Delusional much? Last time i wrote here was Wednesday. Also im not using anonymous, i use my registered name.
 
 I dont even know what you are talking about but check out this new need for speed no limits comparison, note 4, s5, iPhone 6/6+
 
 http://youtu.be/MfbRuLW_zro 
 
 Again there's no match for iPhone performance, those samsung phones lags even when the texture details are lot worse compared to iOS version. Again good reminder why everyone currently buying iPhone.; "Are you still hiding behind anonymous comments "duel"."; ?!?!??! :D:D:D; Whaaatt? Delusional much? Last time i wrote here was Wednesday. Also im not using anonymous, i use my registered name.; I dont even know what you are talking about but check out this new need for speed no limits comparison, note 4, s5, iPhone 6/6+; Again there's no match for iPhone performance, those samsung phones lags even when the texture details are lot worse compared to iOS version. Again good reminder why everyone currently buying iPhone.
Anonymous, 28 Feb 2015He's comparing what he has, and the better of the two in his opinion. You are comparing the... moreAre you still hiding behind anonymous comments "duel". Maybe it's because you can't win this argument. Yeah bummer. I'll tell you. Even out of date s4 is much beter and interesting than iPhone (comes from a person not a big fan of Samsung.) Android is beter in every one of the last 5 years. S4 should be compared with 5s(and it is light ears at front of it) I'll take s4 any time before any iphone. To be fair we should compare IP6 with new coming m9,lg g4 and s6 witch is out, but it will be just funny because inside you will know that iphone is just dill phone compared to those.!; Are you still hiding behind anonymous comments "duel". Maybe it's because you can't win this argument. Yeah bummer. I'll tell you. Even out of date s4 is much beter and interesting than iPhone (comes from a person not a big fan of Samsung.) Android is beter in every one of the last 5 years. S4 should be compared with 5s(and it is light ears at front of it) I'll take s4 any time before any iphone. To be fair we should compare IP6 with new coming m9,lg g4 and s6 witch is out, but it will be just funny because inside you will know that iphone is just dill phone compared to those.!
The Iphones have only one big issue: The price is doubled as it should be.; The Iphones have only one big issue: The price is doubled as it should be.
iphone6 is boring as compare to note edge; iphone6 is boring as compare to note edge
awsome i phnone; awsome i phnone
xHannibal Lecter, 02 Mar 2015Priya is very simple , if you want a fast and stable phone that doesnt freeze get the iphone (... moreI had the unfortunate experience with an iphone 6 for about 2 months too :) Luckily I managed to sell it eventually. 
 
 The limitations and lack of imagination on that phone bewilder me. I felt trapped in this Apple universe of which I didn't want to be part of. And i own an iMac (which i love)!!! Additionally, it was heating up almost to the verge where I was unable to hold it in my hands when i was playing games. It didn't allow me to multitask. If i was watching a youtube video and i wanted to reply to someone's facebook message, I had to quit Youtube and then restart the video. If i wanted to take a picture, I had to bring my camera with me, because the picture quality was appalling, a bit of zooming in and everything was blurry. I like to have helpful widgets that make my life easier on the main page...i like to have a notepad where i quickly write with my finger something i need to remember...or i like to have the BBC newsfeed constantly updating without having to go on the BBC website, etc. I like to take videos where both cameras operate at the same time so i can catch whatever I am filming and my reaction at the same time. It's just fun. 
 
 It was shocking to me that a phone like that can pass as a smartphone in 2014. Additionally, no waterproofing, no Full HD screen, no NFC, etc...
 
 One last thing, the battery life was absolutely abysmal. One hour on Youtube was draining half the battery.
 
 It's quite simple. If you are looking for the next step above button phones, iphones are amazing. They are smooth and get the job done. Fox an extra £600 you are able to now read your emails on a phone that doesn't do much above the brick phones of the 1990s. If you are looking for a smartphone with personality, look elsewhere :); I had the unfortunate experience with an iphone 6 for about 2 months too :) Luckily I managed to sell it eventually.; The limitations and lack of imagination on that phone bewilder me. I felt trapped in this Apple universe of which I didn't want to be part of. And i own an iMac (which i love)!!! Additionally, it was heating up almost to the verge where I was unable to hold it in my hands when i was playing games. It didn't allow me to multitask. If i was watching a youtube video and i wanted to reply to someone's facebook message, I had to quit Youtube and then restart the video. If i wanted to take a picture, I had to bring my camera with me, because the picture quality was appalling, a bit of zooming in and everything was blurry. I like to have helpful widgets that make my life easier on the main page...i like to have a notepad where i quickly write with my finger something i need to remember...or i like to have the BBC newsfeed constantly updating without having to go on the BBC website, etc. I like to take videos where both cameras operate at the same time so i can catch whatever I am filming and my reaction at the same time. It's just fun.; It was shocking to me that a phone like that can pass as a smartphone in 2014. Additionally, no waterproofing, no Full HD screen, no NFC, etc...; One last thing, the battery life was absolutely abysmal. One hour on Youtube was draining half the battery.; It's quite simple. If you are looking for the next step above button phones, iphones are amazing. They are smooth and get the job done. Fox an extra £600 you are able to now read your emails on a phone that doesn't do much above the brick phones of the 1990s. If you are looking for a smartphone with personality, look elsewhere :)
xHannibal Lecter, 02 Mar 2015Priya is very simple , if you want a fast and stable phone that doesnt freeze get the iphone (... moreS6 got no slots Ahaaaaha
 
 Forget about sd slots and removable battery.; S6 got no slots Ahaaaaha; Forget about sd slots and removable battery.
Love this phone. Thanks apple; Love this phone. Thanks apple
i love it..... 1 no..; i love it..... 1 no..
priya 123, 02 Mar 2015Hello, I have read many reviews about iphone6 some are positive and some are negative and simi... morePriya is very simple , if you want a fast and stable phone that doesnt freeze get the iphone (yes you might feel like in jail with it because it really lack customization , but you know that everything in appstore will work on youre phone for at least 2 years from now on , also you have the guarantee that youre phone will be updated , but if you want screen customization i dont reccomand it at all) if you want a phone with sd card, drag and drop copy file sistem big specs on the paper but less stability and plenty of bugs, less software updates and you dont mind that in favor of screen customization and bt transfer go for s6 or note 4 , not sure about s6 it looks like a huge copy to apple for me , anyway go for android sistem. To make it short stability updates and everyapp compatible with youre phone go for iphone 6 , for bugs , lagg , less software updates , multipe app incompatibility but high screen customization (menu blabla) go for android . But keep in mind that when u buy for example s6 and after that m9 comes out you might think m9 is better and you might regret the s6 purchase , afteru u get the m9 g4 appears and so on, on android you have milions of choises , on iphone just 2 , but that 2 will keep rocking on theyre league (and i mean apple league) is not neccesary to compare android vs ios each one wins in one category . Its up to you mate , pick the phone that suits you best. Yes apple is overpriced , manufacturing is maybe 250 $ i guess the rest you pay for software ...; Priya is very simple , if you want a fast and stable phone that doesnt freeze get the iphone (yes you might feel like in jail with it because it really lack customization , but you know that everything in appstore will work on youre phone for at least 2 years from now on , also you have the guarantee that youre phone will be updated , but if you want screen customization i dont reccomand it at all) if you want a phone with sd card, drag and drop copy file sistem big specs on the paper but less stability and plenty of bugs, less software updates and you dont mind that in favor of screen customization and bt transfer go for s6 or note 4 , not sure about s6 it looks like a huge copy to apple for me , anyway go for android sistem. To make it short stability updates and everyapp compatible with youre phone go for iphone 6 , for bugs , lagg , less software updates , multipe app incompatibility but high screen customization (menu blabla) go for android . But keep in mind that when u buy for example s6 and after that m9 comes out you might think m9 is better and you might regret the s6 purchase , afteru u get the m9 g4 appears and so on, on android you have milions of choises , on iphone just 2 , but that 2 will keep rocking on theyre league (and i mean apple league) is not neccesary to compare android vs ios each one wins in one category . Its up to you mate , pick the phone that suits you best. Yes apple is overpriced , manufacturing is maybe 250 $ i guess the rest you pay for software ...
@priya123 try for htc one m9; @priya123 try for htc one m9
Hello, I have read many reviews about iphone6 some are positive and some are negative and similarly for Samsung that is the reason I am very confused which one I should pick. I need you guys to help me suggest me. I am confused between iphone6, Samsung edge, note 4, newly launched Samsung s6 or if any other b etter phone. my budget is USD1000.00=apprx. INR 60k. but then phone should be real good and value for money...please suggest!!
 Thank you guys:-); Hello, I have read many reviews about iphone6 some are positive and some are negative and similarly for Samsung that is the reason I am very confused which one I should pick. I need you guys to help me suggest me. I am confused between iphone6, Samsung edge, note 4, newly launched Samsung s6 or if any other b etter phone. my budget is USD1000.00=apprx. INR 60k. but then phone should be real good and value for money...please suggest!!; Thank you guys:-)
Pear, 01 Mar 2015What you are saying is not true tho. Customazation takes 1 min tops, and you don't need to do ... morePeer , i had the galaxy s5 for less than 30 days , i returned it and got my money back. I never had iPhone 5s or any other iphone until now and i agree it is overpriced but i am aware and i wanted to pay the overprice :) Anyway what suits you better is the best phone ;)
 
 
 And now samsung fanboysss take this shot ! 
 http://www.theverge.com/2015/3/1/8128619/samsung­-galaxy-s6-edge-announcement-mwc-2015 
 
 Who copy who?
 Answer? Everyone copy everyone !; Peer , i had the galaxy s5 for less than 30 days , i returned it and got my money back. I never had iPhone 5s or any other iphone until now and i agree it is overpriced but i am aware and i wanted to pay the overprice :) Anyway what suits you better is the best phone ;); And now samsung fanboysss take this shot !; Who copy who?; Answer? Everyone copy everyone !
kalate, 28 Feb 2015??? HOw much music can fit opn the 64GIG64 gigs; 64 gigs
iphone 6 , 01 Mar 2015Just few more hrs to buy this beauty already got dressed up just waiting iphone store to ope... moreStunning absolutely stunning when Ive iphone in my hand 
 so smooth to operate 
 gosh I've airtel 4G when surf internet it's heavenly experience 
 just try it you'll love it just check it with your own experience love you iphone 
 thanks mom & Dad 
 
 Thankgod now I've iphone first post from my iPhone 6; Stunning absolutely stunning when Ive iphone in my hand; so smooth to operate; gosh I've airtel 4G when surf internet it's heavenly experience; just try it you'll love it just check it with your own experience love you iphone; thanks mom & Dad; Thankgod now I've iphone first post from my iPhone 6
xHannibal Lecter, 01 Mar 2015Pear , i used s5 also for a while and honestly it was a big dissapointment , i like the gt i95... moreWhat you are saying is not true tho. Customazation takes 1 min tops, and you don't need to do it again. You just make your phone suit your personality and make it more fluid and and then you leave it at that. I highly doubt that you had an s5 before because the response time between that and iphone 5s or 6 is barely noticeable.
 
 I work in a phoneshop, there is no other phone that comes thru the doors most with problems. No longer charging, button no longer functional, lagging, battery dying after 1h with barely any usage...about 60% of faults come from iphones. Ive had my lg g3 for over half a year now and i never had any problems with it. My galaxy ace 2 that i had previously overheated twice in 2 and a half years of usage and that is a cheap phone!! In our phoneshop, we have 9 people, 7 androids and 2 iphones (one of which can't wait to upgrade to an android, the other is 18).
 
 If your mom phones and texts only, perhaps a button phone or Huawei is better for her. And i don't mean that to be cheeky. 
 
 No one is saying that iphones are terrible. That is just the hardcore android fanboys. What i am saying is that you are paying over £400 out of the £600 price on a brand alone and that the phone offers nothing progressive for that money. If you want innovation look at Sony and LG. Iphones have not brought anything new to the table since the late 2000s. If the iphone 6 would cost £250 to £300 i might consider one for the elderly in my family...; What you are saying is not true tho. Customazation takes 1 min tops, and you don't need to do it again. You just make your phone suit your personality and make it more fluid and and then you leave it at that. I highly doubt that you had an s5 before because the response time between that and iphone 5s or 6 is barely noticeable.; I work in a phoneshop, there is no other phone that comes thru the doors most with problems. No longer charging, button no longer functional, lagging, battery dying after 1h with barely any usage...about 60% of faults come from iphones. Ive had my lg g3 for over half a year now and i never had any problems with it. My galaxy ace 2 that i had previously overheated twice in 2 and a half years of usage and that is a cheap phone!! In our phoneshop, we have 9 people, 7 androids and 2 iphones (one of which can't wait to upgrade to an android, the other is 18).; If your mom phones and texts only, perhaps a button phone or Huawei is better for her. And i don't mean that to be cheeky.; No one is saying that iphones are terrible. That is just the hardcore android fanboys. What i am saying is that you are paying over £400 out of the £600 price on a brand alone and that the phone offers nothing progressive for that money. If you want innovation look at Sony and LG. Iphones have not brought anything new to the table since the late 2000s. If the iphone 6 would cost £250 to £300 i might consider one for the elderly in my family...
I'm quite new to using the iPhone 6 and up to now it has proven that numbers on specs don't matter! Simply iPhone 6 is a phone made for people who just want to get their work done! Not for people who think a phone is a den in which they should live in!; I'm quite new to using the iPhone 6 and up to now it has proven that numbers on specs don't matter! Simply iPhone 6 is a phone made for people who just want to get their work done! Not for people who think a phone is a den in which they should live in!
[deleted post]Pear , i used s5 also for a while and honestly it was a big dissapointment , i like the gt i9506 more than the s5... beside that , i have a friend who prefers one plus one , over the htc one m8 , note 4 , gs s5, g3 etc etc etc , its all a matter of taste and what you need it for. As i said before , i was a android user for 5 years never owned a iphone until now. I dont need and i dont have time anymore to custumize my phone menu once in a while or play games install and try milions of apps . I need a phone that loads web pages fast , that executes a command when i am giving it and not after 3-5 seconds , and that never crashes when i needed it most . That;s why iphone is best for me , if i had the neccesary time to play with a phone in the milions ways you can with a android probably i would have bought a note 4 or any other android phone and sell it / change it each 3-4 months after the sofware fails. And i can give you another example , bought to my mom a android phone , and she really doesnt use it more than calls photos and facebook, nothing else no craps installed nothing , after maximum 4 months she yells at me that i am buying her a shtty phone .... she had g s3 when it came out , now the s4.... she doesnt need a high end phone but still , a phone should be able to provide at least for a year that 3 simple tasks... p.s after resofting , off firmware through odin and cache cleared she enjoys the phone for another couple of months :) This is my experience and i do not claim that apple is the best company in the world or have the best products they are still overpriced and there are still alot of other choices , hope you truly understand what i am saying; Pear , i used s5 also for a while and honestly it was a big dissapointment , i like the gt i9506 more than the s5... beside that , i have a friend who prefers one plus one , over the htc one m8 , note 4 , gs s5, g3 etc etc etc , its all a matter of taste and what you need it for. As i said before , i was a android user for 5 years never owned a iphone until now. I dont need and i dont have time anymore to custumize my phone menu once in a while or play games install and try milions of apps . I need a phone that loads web pages fast , that executes a command when i am giving it and not after 3-5 seconds , and that never crashes when i needed it most . That;s why iphone is best for me , if i had the neccesary time to play with a phone in the milions ways you can with a android probably i would have bought a note 4 or any other android phone and sell it / change it each 3-4 months after the sofware fails. And i can give you another example , bought to my mom a android phone , and she really doesnt use it more than calls photos and facebook, nothing else no craps installed nothing , after maximum 4 months she yells at me that i am buying her a shtty phone .... she had g s3 when it came out , now the s4.... she doesnt need a high end phone but still , a phone should be able to provide at least for a year that 3 simple tasks... p.s after resofting , off firmware through odin and cache cleared she enjoys the phone for another couple of months :) This is my experience and i do not claim that apple is the best company in the world or have the best products they are still overpriced and there are still alot of other choices , hope you truly understand what i am saying
iphone 6 , 01 Mar 2015Just few more hrs to buy this beauty already got dressed up just waiting iphone store to ope... moreGood for you brother . Haha i never been so enthuziastic about buying anything lol; Good for you brother . Haha i never been so enthuziastic about buying anything lol
iphone 6 , 27 Feb 2015I'm buying iphone 6 this Sunday March 1st 1st day In a month how lucky to start this month tha... moreJust few more hrs to buy this beauty 
 already got dressed up just waiting iphone store to open in mall excitement; Just few more hrs to buy this beauty; already got dressed up just waiting iphone store to open in mall excitement
???
 HOw much music can fit opn the 64GIG; ???; HOw much music can fit opn the 64GIG
Anonymous, 28 Feb 2015He's comparing what he has, and the better of the two in his opinion. You are comparing the... moreMan, you are speaking out of your own ineptitudes. I wasn't saying any of that. 
 
 Iphone and its dual core is better than loads of quad and octa core phones out there. In my shop we sell this Vodafone Smart 4 Turbo for £55 with a quad core processor and it's 5 times slower than an iphone. 
 
 What the rational people are saying is that Iphones are incredibly boring, bland and regressive, that's why they don't need loads of specs. That's all. There are countless lists you are hit with here every day on why something like the LG G3, HTC M8, Alpha or Note 4 are indeed smartphones and the iphone 6 is merely a phone with internet on it and merely a fashion statement (a poor one at that too, the phone looks quite terrible). x; Man, you are speaking out of your own ineptitudes. I wasn't saying any of that.; Iphone and its dual core is better than loads of quad and octa core phones out there. In my shop we sell this Vodafone Smart 4 Turbo for £55 with a quad core processor and it's 5 times slower than an iphone.; What the rational people are saying is that Iphones are incredibly boring, bland and regressive, that's why they don't need loads of specs. That's all. There are countless lists you are hit with here every day on why something like the LG G3, HTC M8, Alpha or Note 4 are indeed smartphones and the iphone 6 is merely a phone with internet on it and merely a fashion statement (a poor one at that too, the phone looks quite terrible). x
it has only 1 gb ram and you need Itunes...i still feel this is still a old style of communication.; it has only 1 gb ram and you need Itunes...i still feel this is still a old style of communication.
Pear, 28 Feb 2015All well, but why are you comparing the S4 with the iphone 6, there are 2 years between them..... moreHe's comparing what he has, and the better of the two in his opinion.
 
 You are comparing the age and price, stating its unfair comparison. 
 
 There, i answered your query.
 
 I am kinda surprise about your comment on its age as an unfair comparison, Shouldn't Android fanboys be like saying: Wow.. S4 is using octa core already, iPhone 6 still on Dual cores, its more "worth it" to buy android phones in terms of hardware per price.
 
 So if you argue iPhone 6 is unfair comparison to S4, then iPhone is indeed top of smartphone nowadays. A year or 2 shouldn't matter alot would it? If android is indeed so good in terms of software / hardware.
 
 In short.
 If the comparison is unfair = iPhone is comparable to flagship androids. As the past phones are beaten year after year. Proving iPhone's strength.
 
 However if comparison is fair, you had to eat your words. And accept his comparison as fact.; He's comparing what he has, and the better of the two in his opinion.; You are comparing the age and price, stating its unfair comparison.; There, i answered your query.; I am kinda surprise about your comment on its age as an unfair comparison, Shouldn't Android fanboys be like saying: Wow.. S4 is using octa core already, iPhone 6 still on Dual cores, its more "worth it" to buy android phones in terms of hardware per price.; So if you argue iPhone 6 is unfair comparison to S4, then iPhone is indeed top of smartphone nowadays. A year or 2 shouldn't matter alot would it? If android is indeed so good in terms of software / hardware.; In short.; If the comparison is unfair = iPhone is comparable to flagship androids. As the past phones are beaten year after year. Proving iPhone's strength.; However if comparison is fair, you had to eat your words. And accept his comparison as fact.
xHannibal Lecter, 27 Feb 2015And beside the file transfer that u cry so bad about , i can let you know that a long time ago... moreAll well, but why are you comparing the S4 with the iphone 6, there are 2 years between them...also about £350 between them...; All well, but why are you comparing the S4 with the iphone 6, there are 2 years between them...also about £350 between them...
Hello!
 I like iphones and i like galaxy series too
 I dont know i should buy it or note4.
 i want to use my phone some thing about 3 years and i dont want get some thing bad. Note4 has many tools and battery is better and camera too . And iphone has an aluminium body and many good applications and its more powerfull.
 Im from iran pleas dont forget this.
 Thank you !; Hello!; I like iphones and i like galaxy series too; I dont know i should buy it or note4.; i want to use my phone some thing about 3 years and i dont want get some thing bad. Note4 has many tools and battery is better and camera too . And iphone has an aluminium body and many good applications and its more powerfull.; Im from iran pleas dont forget this.; Thank you !
boss, 26 Feb 2015I am using apple iphone 6 past 3 months , its not give me impression at all like samsung , bec... moreNext generation all samsung phones will be like iphone solid built and battery can not replace anymore. Like samsung A series.; Next generation all samsung phones will be like iphone solid built and battery can not replace anymore. Like samsung A series.
Dina7, 28 Feb 2015Two days ago , the matter after you restart my iPhone 6 resets the phone to the language optio... moreWrite your problem correctly just read your message now it's not clear; Write your problem correctly just read your message now it's not clear
it is good and styles phone and camera was outstanding if you r take this you feel proud like I m feeling proud..................; it is good and styles phone and camera was outstanding if you r take this you feel proud like I m feeling proud..................
Two days ago , the matter after you restart my iPhone 6 resets the phone to the language option select came to see that the matter came to the " English India " click than " Settings language " on the screen , even after today it has been two days , When moving neither nor phone switches off 
 Please Help me, what i do?; Two days ago , the matter after you restart my iPhone 6 resets the phone to the language option select came to see that the matter came to the " English India " click than " Settings language " on the screen , even after today it has been two days , When moving neither nor phone switches off; Please Help me, what i do?
boss, 27 Feb 2015Mr. Don't think you brilliant . I know about send anywhere app ; helll app because with... moreAnd beside the file transfer that u cry so bad about , i can let you know that a long time ago usb stick's were invented! And yes you get can a 32 64 gb one verrryyyy cheppp !! Wow you learned something new! And I am using android (Galaxy S4 - GT i 9506 LTE latest version) and iPhone 6 in the same time. My iphone beats the fk out of my i9506 .... and i am not a apple or android fan boy . These are the facts . And i dont care reciveing a song or blabla from a friend , i can write the name down and download it at home .... even though i can get it straight online...i think most of the countries these days have 4g and some gb of internet included , and for youre aknowlage smartphones these days android or iphone are kind of useless without internet .... sorry i dont buy a phone for games ... i can play games on pc and when i am not home...well i am bussy making money not playing on the phone. Good luck with youre idees im sure that you will be very satsfied for the files transfer via phone haha; And beside the file transfer that u cry so bad about , i can let you know that a long time ago usb stick's were invented! And yes you get can a 32 64 gb one verrryyyy cheppp !! Wow you learned something new! And I am using android (Galaxy S4 - GT i 9506 LTE latest version) and iPhone 6 in the same time. My iphone beats the fk out of my i9506 .... and i am not a apple or android fan boy . These are the facts . And i dont care reciveing a song or blabla from a friend , i can write the name down and download it at home .... even though i can get it straight online...i think most of the countries these days have 4g and some gb of internet included , and for youre aknowlage smartphones these days android or iphone are kind of useless without internet .... sorry i dont buy a phone for games ... i can play games on pc and when i am not home...well i am bussy making money not playing on the phone. Good luck with youre idees im sure that you will be very satsfied for the files transfer via phone haha
Boss, 27 Feb 2015Dear mr , helll, I know about send anywhere app , fukkk app because without Int... moreMr. Boss , i am a android user since 5 years ago , i know what I am talking about , wich is clearly you dont; Mr. Boss , i am a android user since 5 years ago , i know what I am talking about , wich is clearly you dont
boss, 27 Feb 20151) Mr. I know about both itunes and samsung kies software for pc or mac . But for samsung... moreThe same can be said vice versa.
 
 Samsung does not connect well with Mac. You need to install app called android file transfer. And it does not work well. Better on Sony androids, or HTC. 
 
 Without apps, you need to use bt transfer which is cumbersome, compared to iPhone to Mac via Airdrop, which works without setting up anything.
 
 So it actually depends on what hardware software you have, friends have. and whateva.
 
 iTunes is native to Mac, and come preinstalled. So for Mac users, its no biggy. And with iTunes match, we rarely need to file transfer anyways., plus no duplicates, it helps when your music library hits massive size.. over 25k songs.
 
 And even if you DO need the occasional file transfer between devices, iPhones can do as well!
 
 So if you want to rant about using Windows XP vs iPhone, we can also rent about Android connecting to Mac. 
 
 Besides, there HAD to be more you need to do other then transfering files right? If you buy phone just for file transfer.. thats gonna be bad.; The same can be said vice versa.; Samsung does not connect well with Mac. You need to install app called android file transfer. And it does not work well. Better on Sony androids, or HTC.; Without apps, you need to use bt transfer which is cumbersome, compared to iPhone to Mac via Airdrop, which works without setting up anything.; So it actually depends on what hardware software you have, friends have. and whateva.; iTunes is native to Mac, and come preinstalled. So for Mac users, its no biggy. And with iTunes match, we rarely need to file transfer anyways., plus no duplicates, it helps when your music library hits massive size.. over 25k songs.; And even if you DO need the occasional file transfer between devices, iPhones can do as well!; So if you want to rant about using Windows XP vs iPhone, we can also rent about Android connecting to Mac.; Besides, there HAD to be more you need to do other then transfering files right? If you buy phone just for file transfer.. thats gonna be bad.
Rithish Shanmugam, 27 Feb 2015Hi Guys, Kindly Suggest me whether iphone 6 can Buy or Not?Yup bt get 64 gb ... Bt don't get disappointed when 6s releases coz it have 2gb ram n every thing innovative n latest; Yup bt get 64 gb ... Bt don't get disappointed when 6s releases coz it have 2gb ram n every thing innovative n latest
I'm buying iphone 6 this Sunday March 1st 1st day In a month how lucky to start this month thank god love you; I'm buying iphone 6 this Sunday March 1st 1st day In a month how lucky to start this month thank god love you
apple iphone is basically simple not more option like android .
 
 important is until a7 chip is made by samsung and other some hardware product is made by other for apple 
 one on only by apple is made as ios operating software . this ios is restricted one and apple not having more option like samsung that's why we fell smooth .; apple iphone is basically simple not more option like android .; important is until a7 chip is made by samsung and other some hardware product is made by other for apple; one on only by apple is made as ios operating software . this ios is restricted one and apple not having more option like samsung that's why we fell smooth .
xHannibal Lecter, 26 Feb 2015Who the helll still send music through bluetooth ?? I mean for real? And to get files on youre... moreMr. Don't think you brilliant .
 
 I know about send anywhere app ; helll app because without internet connection we can't share any files to other .
 
 I think you don't know or you din't see it before about external memory card first go to KGS or elementary school. They will teach you -why they found ,when they found and what is the use of external memory card.
 
 All the way samsung have more and more option compare to apple iphone and also price vice .
 
 First you use both apple and samsung at the same time all the way , then you will fell the different types of more options.; Mr. Don't think you brilliant .; I know about send anywhere app ; helll app because without internet connection we can't share any files to other .; I think you don't know or you din't see it before about external memory card first go to KGS or elementary school. They will teach you -why they found ,when they found and what is the use of external memory card.; All the way samsung have more and more option compare to apple iphone and also price vice .; First you use both apple and samsung at the same time all the way , then you will fell the different types of more options.
Myth buster, 27 Feb 20151. iPhones can transfer music. Apps like Filemaster. 2. iPhones do not need to rely on iTunes... more1) Mr. I know about both itunes and samsung kies software for pc or mac .
 
 But for samsung no need any samsung kies or other third party apps to transfer the files,because in samsung directly we can easily transfer any supported or non supported files to mobile or pc system ,(the non supported files can be temporary just keep storage purpose).
 
 But i apple iphone is not possible , without itunes you can't transfer all types of files easily. And syn process is not good , but in iphone it can possible to transfer files easily compare to itunes, through other third party apps for to system or iphone or vice versa . BUT IMPORTANT IN THE IPHONE IS,WITHOUT ANY APPS YOU CAN'T DIRECTLY TRANSFER FILES THROUGH LIGHTING USB CABLE. NOT LIKE SAMSUNG , BECAUSE IF CONNECT SAMSUNG MOBILE DIRECTLY TO PC THROUGH USB WE CAN TRANSFER FILES EASILY WITHOUT ANY OTHER APPS .
 
 2) In samsung we can share any files easily through bluetooth . Without any crack or other third party apps ,because it is simple thing this type of process can seen in old nokia product also. But in apple iphone is not like easy way.
 
 3) battery life is really less in apple iphone . Compare to other good branded mobiles.
 
 My dear don't think you are brilliant . First you use all types of mobiles then come to point.; 1) Mr. I know about both itunes and samsung kies software for pc or mac .; But for samsung no need any samsung kies or other third party apps to transfer the files,because in samsung directly we can easily transfer any supported or non supported files to mobile or pc system ,(the non supported files can be temporary just keep storage purpose).; But i apple iphone is not possible , without itunes you can't transfer all types of files easily. And syn process is not good , but in iphone it can possible to transfer files easily compare to itunes, through other third party apps for to system or iphone or vice versa . BUT IMPORTANT IN THE IPHONE IS,WITHOUT ANY APPS YOU CAN'T DIRECTLY TRANSFER FILES THROUGH LIGHTING USB CABLE. NOT LIKE SAMSUNG , BECAUSE IF CONNECT SAMSUNG MOBILE DIRECTLY TO PC THROUGH USB WE CAN TRANSFER FILES EASILY WITHOUT ANY OTHER APPS .; 2) In samsung we can share any files easily through bluetooth . Without any crack or other third party apps ,because it is simple thing this type of process can seen in old nokia product also. But in apple iphone is not like easy way.; 3) battery life is really less in apple iphone . Compare to other good branded mobiles.; My dear don't think you are brilliant . First you use all types of mobiles then come to point.
xHannibal Lecter, 26 Feb 2015Who the helll still send music through bluetooth ?? I mean for real? And to get files on youre... moreDear mr , helll, 
 
 I know about send anywhere app , fukkk app because without Internet connection can't send or transfer any files to others.
 
 If you receive songs in iPhone through send anywhere app ,how the song files can be synchronize directly to music player , u can listen song through send anywhere app only. 
 
 In Samsung is very easy can transfer any files through bluetooth with out this much of crack apps.
 
 
 Any I thing you don't know about use external memory card and I think you dint see it Before . If you want to know about use of memory Card just go to any KGS or elementary school they will teach you - when they found ,why they found and what is use of external memory card . You don't thick you are brilliant .; Dear mr , helll,; I know about send anywhere app , fukkk app because without Internet connection can't send or transfer any files to others.; If you receive songs in iPhone through send anywhere app ,how the song files can be synchronize directly to music player , u can listen song through send anywhere app only.; In Samsung is very easy can transfer any files through bluetooth with out this much of crack apps.; Any I thing you don't know about use external memory card and I think you dint see it Before . If you want to know about use of memory Card just go to any KGS or elementary school they will teach you - when they found ,why they found and what is use of external memory card . You don't thick you are brilliant .
Rithish Shanmugam, 27 Feb 2015Hi Guys, Kindly Suggest me whether iphone 6 can Buy or Not?Go for it !; Go for it !
had this phone for about 3 months and i love it great phone 100% recommend it; had this phone for about 3 months and i love it great phone 100% recommend it
Hi Guys,
 
 Kindly Suggest me whether iphone 6 can Buy or Not?; Hi Guys,; Kindly Suggest me whether iphone 6 can Buy or Not?
boss, 26 Feb 2015I am using apple iphone 6 past 3 months , its not give me impression at all like samsung , bec... more1. iPhones can transfer music. Apps like Filemaster.
 2. iPhones do not need to rely on iTunes if you do not like it. iTunes is part of OSX, and it is the best thing on a Mac. In fact, all Android makers try to have one also, like Samsung's Kies, it simplify stuff for people.
 3. Battery life is on par with other phones much thicker and bigger then it.
 
 Your comment sounds like a person who do not own a iPhone.; 1. iPhones can transfer music. Apps like Filemaster.; 2. iPhones do not need to rely on iTunes if you do not like it. iTunes is part of OSX, and it is the best thing on a Mac. In fact, all Android makers try to have one also, like Samsung's Kies, it simplify stuff for people.; 3. Battery life is on par with other phones much thicker and bigger then it.; Your comment sounds like a person who do not own a iPhone.
boss, 26 Feb 2015I am using apple iphone 6 past 3 months , its not give me impression at all like samsung , bec... moreWho the helll still send music through bluetooth ?? I mean for real? And to get files on youre iphone fast and easy , from android or from pc , use "send anywhere" program it send any file to youre iphone in no time. no need to take battery cover of put the sd in blablablabla you just use the program u get a code and u download at full speed i repeat from android or pc; Who the helll still send music through bluetooth ?? I mean for real? And to get files on youre iphone fast and easy , from android or from pc , use "send anywhere" program it send any file to youre iphone in no time. no need to take battery cover of put the sd in blablablabla you just use the program u get a code and u download at full speed i repeat from android or pc
I am using apple iphone 6 past 3 months , its not give me impression at all like samsung , because i use samsung before and now its give me a full satisfaction .
 
 Why samsung is better,
 
 We can use memory card and OTG through USB .
 For emergency purpose memory card will be more usefull.
 
 Replaceable battery 
 
 We can download songs and other's directly through samsung but not in apple.
 
 Normally We can't send songs through bluetooth even apple to apple.
 
 Some Web service also not fully used by apple.
 
 Multitasking is not possible.
 
 Battery performance is not good in apple iphone but in ipad is really good battery life .
 
 Always use itunes for upload.
 
 One on Only in apple having smooth operation because of highly restricted ios operating software. 
 
 And lot of option and no restriction in samsung because of android linux based operting software by google.; I am using apple iphone 6 past 3 months , its not give me impression at all like samsung , because i use samsung before and now its give me a full satisfaction .; Why samsung is better,; We can use memory card and OTG through USB .; For emergency purpose memory card will be more usefull.; Replaceable battery; We can download songs and other's directly through samsung but not in apple.; Normally We can't send songs through bluetooth even apple to apple.; Some Web service also not fully used by apple.; Multitasking is not possible.; Battery performance is not good in apple iphone but in ipad is really good battery life .; Always use itunes for upload.; One on Only in apple having smooth operation because of highly restricted ios operating software.; And lot of option and no restriction in samsung because of android linux based operting software by google.
Biggest waste of my money... It's on par with relatively cheaper high end Android phones. Nothing more nothing less.; Biggest waste of my money... It's on par with relatively cheaper high end Android phones. Nothing more nothing less.
the phone os awesome for just showoff...bcz this is the branded phone..the phone has back buttoon missing..the phone has home button only..this is on all apple device...its good for show off...; the phone os awesome for just showoff...bcz this is the branded phone..the phone has back buttoon missing..the phone has home button only..this is on all apple device...its good for show off...
I am going to purchase this phone it's good or not ???????????; I am going to purchase this phone it's good or not ???????????
Have owned and used this phone now for more than 3 months. 
 
 Pros
 ------
 Performance is stellar. 
 Touch ID works 99 out of 100 times. A pity that Apple Pay is not yet enabled in India.
 Battery lasts almost 2 days with no silly tweaks like reducing brightness, disabling 3G, 4G or anything. My usage is more than moderate and considerably less than heavy.
 Got 30 Mbps in speed test with Airtel 4G.
 No bending. I use it in my pocket while cycling, riding motorbike and all other outdoor activities. 
 Brilliant camera in terms of picture quality and speed. I am not really a fan of taking dark room photos for testing the low light limits, I take practical photos and they are simply superb.
 Health app records movements accurately but i don't really use it for anything.
 Siri is pretty good although i don't use it for any actual task.
 
 
 Cons
 -------
 Single handed use is challenging sometimes. 
 Slippery body and protruding camera is a psychological turn off. I use a TPU case.
 Safari Tabs reload when you open more than 8. I never needed that many open anytime. Just tested for testing sake.
 Some old apps looks stretched and ugly. But that is for the app developer to support the new size.
 Apple maps in india is underdeveloped and it has been really long and there are no significant improvements.
 Apple pay, iTunes Radio etc are not yet supported in India.; Have owned and used this phone now for more than 3 months.; Pros; ------; Performance is stellar.; Touch ID works 99 out of 100 times. A pity that Apple Pay is not yet enabled in India.; Battery lasts almost 2 days with no silly tweaks like reducing brightness, disabling 3G, 4G or anything. My usage is more than moderate and considerably less than heavy.; Got 30 Mbps in speed test with Airtel 4G.; No bending. I use it in my pocket while cycling, riding motorbike and all other outdoor activities.; Brilliant camera in terms of picture quality and speed. I am not really a fan of taking dark room photos for testing the low light limits, I take practical photos and they are simply superb.; Health app records movements accurately but i don't really use it for anything.; Siri is pretty good although i don't use it for any actual task.; Cons; -------; Single handed use is challenging sometimes.; Slippery body and protruding camera is a psychological turn off. I use a TPU case.; Safari Tabs reload when you open more than 8. I never needed that many open anytime. Just tested for testing sake.; Some old apps looks stretched and ugly. But that is for the app developer to support the new size.; Apple maps in india is underdeveloped and it has been really long and there are no significant improvements.; Apple pay, iTunes Radio etc are not yet supported in India.
Which is better I phone 6or HTC one m9!!!; Which is better I phone 6or HTC one m9!!!
mhmd, 25 Feb 2015hi friend.in your opinion galaxy s5 is better or iphone 6?It really depends. It's more of an OS preference, but if you are going for more functions, customization, better hardware and things like proper NFC, go for the S5. It's also cheaper than the iPhone 6. But again, if you are a fan of iOS, than get the 6.; It really depends. It's more of an OS preference, but if you are going for more functions, customization, better hardware and things like proper NFC, go for the S5. It's also cheaper than the iPhone 6. But again, if you are a fan of iOS, than get the 6.
Battery life is 3-4 days for me on moderate use. Which is wifi off, and only on when needed, when not needed I turn off wifi. Seldom texting. Battery life is excellent.; Battery life is 3-4 days for me on moderate use. Which is wifi off, and only on when needed, when not needed I turn off wifi. Seldom texting. Battery life is excellent.
I feel comfortable with Iphone 6. I am slowly getting into the different operations. Any doubt in the operations i will come back to you; I feel comfortable with Iphone 6. I am slowly getting into the different operations. Any doubt in the operations i will come back to you
mhmd, 25 Feb 2015hi friend.in your opinion galaxy s5 is better or iphone 6?Hi mhmd , in my opinion galaxy s5 is one of the samsung biggest fail. For me iphone 6 is way better; Hi mhmd , in my opinion galaxy s5 is one of the samsung biggest fail. For me iphone 6 is way better
I absolutely LOVE my new iphone6 ! I would never look back ! Everything about it is better, the screen display is bigger and easier to use, the audio is louder and clearer, the functionality overall is FANTASTIC !!; I absolutely LOVE my new iphone6 ! I would never look back ! Everything about it is better, the screen display is bigger and easier to use, the audio is louder and clearer, the functionality overall is FANTASTIC !!
how i wish to have one of this...hehehehehe...(".); how i wish to have one of this...hehehehehe...(".)
Beng, 25 Feb 2015For those who intend to get this iphone 6 I must said the battery life is so so. The screen is... more"Overall If I have a choice I would wait for the iphone 6s which suppose to be a traditional 4" screen which make perfect sense!"
 
 Wrong! Its going to be same size as iPhone 6. But i hope too that they do smaller iPhone too, but its not iPhone 6s.; "Overall If I have a choice I would wait for the iphone 6s which suppose to be a traditional 4" screen which make perfect sense!"; Wrong! Its going to be same size as iPhone 6. But i hope too that they do smaller iPhone too, but its not iPhone 6s.
For those who intend to get this iphone 6 I must said the battery life is so so. The screen is fabulous but then I'm still not getting use to 2 hand operations whereby I can do with one hand on my previous iphone 5 and that's a trade off with a larger screen. I still think Steve Job is right which insist then anything bigger then that would be of no use as a phone!The other complain this design is slim which it's good but doesn't think it have a strong grip on the phone which make it dangerous to slip of your hand without a bumper. Overall If I have a choice I would wait for the iphone 6s which suppose to be a traditional 4" screen which make perfect sense!; For those who intend to get this iphone 6 I must said the battery life is so so. The screen is fabulous but then I'm still not getting use to 2 hand operations whereby I can do with one hand on my previous iphone 5 and that's a trade off with a larger screen. I still think Steve Job is right which insist then anything bigger then that would be of no use as a phone!The other complain this design is slim which it's good but doesn't think it have a strong grip on the phone which make it dangerous to slip of your hand without a bumper. Overall If I have a choice I would wait for the iphone 6s which suppose to be a traditional 4" screen which make perfect sense!
hi friend.in your opinion galaxy s5 is better or iphone 6?; hi friend.in your opinion galaxy s5 is better or iphone 6?
Duel, 23 Feb 2015"And a 8 MP camera in 2015? Really? So basically I phone cameras are still in age of 2012... moreNoone is brainwashed here but you! To say something like that about the camera of iPhone... The truth is so obvious, you just have to look the pictures on monitor or TV or just blow them up just a bit to see their low quality!; Noone is brainwashed here but you! To say something like that about the camera of iPhone... The truth is so obvious, you just have to look the pictures on monitor or TV or just blow them up just a bit to see their low quality!
I love it, but then I hate it. It's not the phone, it's the carrier. I'd had a 4S for several years. I was given an iPhone 6 as a gift. Excited, yes. Until I realized the antennae wasn't nearly as powerful as my 4S. After two months of listening to my calls go directly into voicemail while the phone sits on my desk at work, I'm going to have to try another phone, or go back to my 4S. It's not the phone, it's a combination of the carrier and the phone. iPhone 6 Verizon has four bars in my office-I have two on a good day, usually just one. Which majorly sucks. If my phone is moved, the call drops!
 
 In my home, where my carrier has a tower up on my Town's water tower-2 bars! 
 
 The one thing I do dislike, a great deal, too, it's very easy to accidentally delete emails. The home button and the trash can are way too close for comfort. Having had and iPad for five years, the thought of going to an Android system scares me to death. But, missing important calls is a heck of a lot more frightening.; I love it, but then I hate it. It's not the phone, it's the carrier. I'd had a 4S for several years. I was given an iPhone 6 as a gift. Excited, yes. Until I realized the antennae wasn't nearly as powerful as my 4S. After two months of listening to my calls go directly into voicemail while the phone sits on my desk at work, I'm going to have to try another phone, or go back to my 4S. It's not the phone, it's a combination of the carrier and the phone. iPhone 6 Verizon has four bars in my office-I have two on a good day, usually just one. Which majorly sucks. If my phone is moved, the call drops!; In my home, where my carrier has a tower up on my Town's water tower-2 bars!; The one thing I do dislike, a great deal, too, it's very easy to accidentally delete emails. The home button and the trash can are way too close for comfort. Having had and iPad for five years, the thought of going to an Android system scares me to death. But, missing important calls is a heck of a lot more frightening.
I personally think that Apple have to cut down the price of their phone's. There is a lack of cutting edge technology in the phones coming out and apart from a few hardware improvements there are no major changes that deserve this price range. Plus i'm sure most would agree that there are a few basic features non existent that should be implemented into IOS.; I personally think that Apple have to cut down the price of their phone's. There is a lack of cutting edge technology in the phones coming out and apart from a few hardware improvements there are no major changes that deserve this price range. Plus i'm sure most would agree that there are a few basic features non existent that should be implemented into IOS.
